,Name,Date,Review,Found Helpful,Stars,App Name
0,Ajinkya Nikam,"February 19, 2023","The algorithm makes sure you have to purchase stuff to pass a level after a certain point, no amount of skill or effort or extra perks you have work. They already have ads but the developrs have found a way to force people to pay them more than they should. Congratulations to the marketing team, great job. Uninstalling the game forever.",928 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1,Anuj Bagde,"January 13, 2023","Ad not available... It's getting old watching a 30 second video and then at the end it tells you ""Ad not available"" and no reward. I've been on the same level for awhile, I'll probably just uninstall and move on. Ok, this game is great, they do help you pass levels without paying. Problem now is, I've been playing a hard level and it took a while to pass. I finally passed, won the level. Now I'm stuck playing the level again. I don't want to deal with it again.","11,556 people found this review helpful",5,candy_crush
2,Mohd Asif,"January 21, 2023","They have stopped ads for lives and extra moves if a level is not passed. Its making the game boring when we're stuck on same level for one week. Also, I'm not receiving any lives from friends since I last updated the app. If you want to force us in buying lives and goodies than its your mistake. I'll just uninstall it if you don't fix the problem and so will many others like me. Thanks in advance","7,837 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
3,Amandeep Singh,"December 13, 2022","I love this game very much. I love the colourful candies. Recently, the developer of the application changed the music and added new candies. Although, the new music is also good but the previous one was actually suitable for the game and it was perfect for this game. We wish if we get the options to switch to the previous music. We miss that music alot and hope one day we get it back again. What I don't like about this game is the presence of horse and cartoons with dark complexion.","21,273 people found this review helpful",5,candy_crush
4,Usha Sehgal,"December 27, 2022","I've finished level 13190.But for the last 4 weeks no gold bars have been awarded. They seem to have stopped episode race. Which is quite disappointing and the game becomes boring as there's nothing to look forward to. I wouldn't want to keep on buying boosters even if it's a difficult level. It's no longer a stress buster, but a commercial stress giver.","9,703 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
5,Manan Bakiwala,"September 14, 2022","The most revered game and I play it all the time. However, many a times software glitches hangs the game and forcibly needs to be truncated. On numerous occasions the levels have been made so tough that despite numerous attempts it doesn't gets cleared. Consequently, interest in playing is lost. Also, limiting the usage of requested lives per day is also discouraging. I am facing above problems on both platforms. Should introduce some special features for novelty and to avoid monotony.","31,945 people found this review helpful",3,candy_crush
6,Nathan Darcy,"February 18, 2023","There are so many pop ups I have to click ""x"" like 10 times before I can even play a level. It also gets to a point where the game is unplayable unless you pay to complete levels or watch an endless amount of ads, only it seems watching ads for extra moves or boosters isn't even available anymore/on certain levels, and so you end up getting stuck on the same level for days on end. Gets so irritating playing the same level 20 times and then only winning by luck. Bored. Uninstalled.",651 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
7,Crystol Woods,"February 10, 2023","It's a fun,relaxing game that speaks to my sense of order and need to organize. The drawbacks are that after a certain level the game becomes competitive, even if it's just against yourself! Most of the levels require boosters to beat which you can win free but the temptation is there to buy. If you don't want to spend real money on a game then resign yourself to win the levels without boosters. Over all addictive and entertaining. If you getto a level that's too hard just start over!","7,403 people found this review helpful",5,candy_crush
8,Nicci,"February 17, 2023",Really fun game but forces you to spend money. It's fine at first but the higher you get the harder it gets to progress without boosters and gold bars so you can have made turns. It's addictive and potentially harmful. I have to delete it. I recommend the same for anyone who has addictive tendencies or impulse control struggles. Its not fun anymore.,161 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
9,Jerusha Hufford,"February 20, 2023","Fun game, gets you sucked in with easy levels, lots of extras. Then, the levels get really hard, and it takes multiple lives just to beat them. And it wouldn't be a big deal, but there seems to be more hard levels than fun ones. And sometimes it takes a day or two to beat them. Not interested in that. I am uninstalling.",172 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
10,Jenna Walker,"February 17, 2023","Need to be able to skip more. At the end of these game when they take your leftover lives and they explode to get more points, needs To be able to be skipped. It is so annoying watching it every time. I tap the screen to skip it and it just keeps playing. The other games I play like this, that final part, can be skipped and you move on to the next game. Please add that option.",755 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
11,Patricia Rutkowski,"February 17, 2023","It's cool for the first six hundred or so levels, but then you start getting 5 or 6 hard levels in a row to purposely eat up boosters and get you to spend money (65 moves for $1.99? Really? 65?). I've spent the last two weeks, every night, spending ten or so lives a night trying to pass one level. This game needs an endless mode where you can just match. No stupidly unobtainable ""objectives"" and no attempts at cash grabbing. Until that happens, I'll just play bejeweled.",113 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
12,Oluwatimilehin Chukwujioffor,"February 2, 2023","Everything about this game is superb, buh my only issue is that I'm unable to watch ads, the ones that help add more moves after I've used up the allocated number of moves for a level. I used to be able to watch the ads but they have stopped, and I thought if I updated the app it would come back but it wasn't the case. Please help. It's making passing levels more difficult than should be.","1,994 people found this review helpful",5,candy_crush
13,Nicholas “NicholasDaisyAwesss” Armstrong,"February 5, 2023","This game is still fun overall, however, some of the levels are very hard, and in the updated version, I don't like the new sound effects because it just makes bubble sounds when making cascades, so it's hard to hear. Also, sometimes the voices for things like ""Sweet"" and ""Divine"" don't play in it just makes a ""whoosh"" sound. Also experiencing occasional crashes. Because of these reasons, I'm changing from a 5 to a 3.",434 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
14,Raven Grae,"February 9, 2023","At this point, the game feels way too controlled and manipulated. The point of this was to be relaxing, but with 6 hard levels back-to-back, it gets more stressful and aggravating than anything. For most levels, they won't give you enough moves, matches, or boosters you need to meet a certain objective. In order to complete most levels, I need to actually spend the money I barely have to buy gold bars. Spending so much money on a game just to get by one level isn't worth it.",812 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
15,Barbara Byrne,"January 29, 2023","Not a free game. Its is set up to make you have to pay to continue playing. The rewards with the adds don't work when you need them for a few extra moves at the end of a level, as the exit x does not work and you watch ads for nothing. So unless you have bought gold bars you lose. It's funny how they ads only run into problems when you need it to work to pass a level and are given the only other alternative which is to spend money.","2,002 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
16,Jamie Stearns,"February 16, 2023","The game is fun to play. However, if you are at a higher level (like I'm level 5600+) and your friends are at a lower level (like 300) then you don't have the ability to give them lives unless you scroll about 200 times to where they are at to give them a life. Extremely frustrating and annoying when they can gift me life at any moment. I emailed King about it but all I received back was a generic response with a link that was useless because they aren't actually reading the email(s).",34 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
17,Wong Yoke Sin,"February 19, 2023",Its a great game and enjoy every each level. At times too many adds. Fun and nice. The grafic design and cartoon character are nice. I love the game even at times is difficult to play. It cheers my day when stressful. It a good game for brain. Need to work out the game when the level is hard. After playing a year they have improved and different stages. Fun and has improved... love it,469 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
18,Kobra Kid,"January 18, 2023","I've been playing this game on / off since years now. And while the booster issue got a bit better compared to years ago, it's still the ridiculous amount of moves you have. It's not the hard levels that frustrate me, it's the easy ones. 15 moves to clear something that needs alone 4 to 5 moves to be cleared. And the extremely annoying blinking of suggested moves is extremely distracting and not always helpful. This game is far from being relaxing.","1,422 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
19,S,"December 17, 2022",Gets ridiculously difficult and hard to progress. It's great until towards around level 100 when it seems like nearly every level for a good 80 levels is difficult. There needs to be a good balance of levels but there isn't. Being stuck on a level for 2 weeks and then each level there after taking days isn't fun. Also it constantly tries to get you to spend money on it.,"2,155 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
20,milliondogranch,"December 27, 2022","Like a slot machine you can't leave. Good for a while, then becomes a pay to win, or watch adds to win. To begin, it is fun as you improve. Then it gets worse and worse, as you have to watch adds and / or pay in order to have enough turn to win a level. It becomes luck and pay, not skill beyond a certain level. I like this game, so if they change it to have enough turns to win a level, i will watch adds between levels.",761 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
21,Kelly Sullivan,"February 16, 2023",The game gets to a point which is ad driven. You watch an ad and you get extra life/power. However some of the ads freeze and you have to exit the game and go back into it and you lose that move or power. Very disappointing when you are working on the harder levels,26 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
22,Patricia Edwards,"February 17, 2023","Not sure whose idea it was to change this game to portrait only mode but it needs to go back to landscape or give the player an option to do either. I play on a tablet and having it in portrait mode doesn't really work. I love this game but if I have to play in portrait mode only, I will probably stop playing as often.",35 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
23,Kristen Wilbur,"January 2, 2023","The game used to be fun. But man, the amount of pop-ups between levels is insane. I've been stuck on a level and have had no ads to help out with any of it for the past two days. Kind of getting annoying being stuck on the same level for over a week and even with buying bundles, still can't beat it! I've wasted entire hour long perks trying to beat the same level and can't. Even the ""normal"" levels are almost impossible to beat. I'm done spending money on this game.",942 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
24,Joanne Wheeler,"February 10, 2023","High levels very very difficult!! but addicted all the same, I don't think I am going to stop playing this, still playing, and playing, it's particularly great in winter when there's nothing to do. Playing, playing & playing. The problem is the animated Tiffi that's in the corner I've had to stick a label over it because it's very irritating sticking a label over it is essential or it renders the game unplayable, need to be able to delete animated Tiffi",206 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
25,Re Renchy,"January 27, 2023","I use to play this game long time ago, when it use to be fun and when with strategy and brain you could pass levels. Now it's all about money. I do understand that you have to make some money, but ""forcing"" me to spend from level to level to level....it's so obvious and that makes it annoying and making me frustrated because you need 5 days or more to finish one level. Just an advice, people will spend more when they enjoying and loving something and not when they are annoyed and feeling used.","1,030 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
26,Bonnie Wittmers,"February 20, 2023","The newer puzzles fail to give enough moves to win, and some in the 20s are very hard. So you must buy more boosters and then the boosters dont do what they are used for to win the puzzle! The saucer crush will waste 2 moves to only hit one target, what a RIP off to get us to buy another booster. When the rewards came early in the game it was fun. I feel it's still fun., but hope to see more improvements.","6,583 people found this review helpful",4,candy_crush
27,shakeera kessler,"December 25, 2022","I loved this game so much. Not anymore. Some of the levels have 14 moves and you have to get rid of 65+ blocks and fruits. LITERALLY Impossible without rewards and prizes. I guess it's to force us to use real $$, which I hate doing but have had to do multiple times after playing a level 35+ times. It's not fun anymore 😩 just a pathetic way to make us pay to play.","10,508 people found this review helpful",3,candy_crush
28,Ed The Painter D,"February 10, 2023","This game is very fun, but addictive. And often times, very frustrating! I'm on level 6624. Some levels definitely require boosters in order to pass, but most do not! You have to strategize and plan your moves. The levels get really difficult after you get to level 3500. I usually pass most levels in 1-4 days, some require a little more time. One level took about 2 weeks. I only play after work, if I have time.",167 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
29,Diana Solomon Nkreki,"January 10, 2023","This game is getting more annoying. Had to freeze it for almost two months with playing. First, hard levels are more than the normal levels( hard, super hard and nightmarishly) what's all these?😫 secondly, some hard levels aren't actually hard compared to normal levels. Then numbers of moves for the hard levels are too poor and one easily fails. Also, instead of bringing ads, you won't see them thereby losing all your streaks. DO SOMETHING!","1,000 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
30,Cindy Douthit,"January 11, 2023","Mostly enjoyable, just a bit annoying when you are at the precipice of winning a level and suddenly the things disappear or change so you can't finish and have to watch an ad (or three) in order to win. When that happens more than not, then I get frustrated and just quit...if that's the game goal then congrats to the programmers. More success = more players.",688 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
31,Paula Robbins,"February 11, 2023","This is an addicting game. I like it and hate it at the same time. I started playing again after deleting it a couple of years ago because I felt I was wasting hours on this game. I downloaded again during a stressful time (mistake?) They've made it much more difficult, it seems, to get through a level without buying extra boosters. Once you buy one, it's way too easy to keep buying others, and it adds up. Like any addiction, you've just gotta stop, just one more piece of candy---yeah--right.🤯",55 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
32,Ryan Cole,"January 18, 2023","Addictive at first but play-ability quickly decreases. For example, currently stuck on level 3496 with over 100 attempts. This isnt the first level like this either. It quite often seems luck is a big factor in whether a level can be beaten or not. I understand the game needs to make money by getting people to purchase help, and ive done that from time to time, but refuse to when a level is just done right nasty. Kills the fun. These levels used to be easier and have since been made alot harder.","1,173 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
33,Rene Robinson,"February 18, 2023","I have not played this game in a long time. I really like Candy Crush, but once I get at the higher levels I will still have the same problems. Have to buy boosters to advance in the game, and watch commercials. I will stop playing again for about 1 to 2 years. Maybe I will just start from the beginning, where you have a chance to win without buying boosters, or watching ads. I give it a four star until I have to buy boosters or watch commercials.",135 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
34,Candace S,"February 20, 2023","Gotten worse. Not only should this be fun and relaxing and it has become stressful with near impossible levels back to back, but ALSO the Daily Treat Machine suddenly disappeared for days. I assumed they removed it from the game, but it wasn't appearing this morning, then suddenly it appeared again and I lost all of my progress due to no fault of my own.",10 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
35,YES YES,"January 6, 2023",I was playing the older version up until last night and this version is better and totally different in my opinion. I got stuck on level 646 on older version for a couple of weeks and there was no way to beat that level without spending money in my opinion so I just deleted the whole app out of frustration. Hopefully this version doesn't have that or those type of situations and or pitfalls. I will see!,897 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
36,Alex Coad,"January 8, 2023","Too many ridiculously hard levels. Especially frustrating when the only reason I can't win is because the game literally doesn't give me what I need (cherries for example). And lately when I finish a level, one of the mascots is on screen with the rest of it greyed out and nothing to tap to move on. Only way to get to the next level or literally any other screen is to quit the game and reopen.",831 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
37,Manda E,"January 8, 2023",Decided to start playing again after years. I was enjoying it until not once but twice I lost progress. Both times I was 100% logged in with FB (and double checked) but both last night and this evening I lost at least 10 levels of progress. Which is aggravating because I used powerups and items and did not get those back. I also bought items to aid in beating those levels that has now gone to complete waste. So angry I could break my phone. Most likely going to uninstall again.,786 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
38,Monica Suon,"February 7, 2023","I usually dont play games on my phone. I would play Solitaire, Tetris, and I remember seeing the commercial on TV and thinking it doesn't look fun. I was setting my phone up and selecting categories that I'm interested in and games was one of them. It automatically downloaded candy crush saga and I decided to give it a try. After the first round I actually enjoyed it very much! The graphics are excellent and I love the creativity of the candy. It reminds me of candy land. Download the game.",202 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
39,John Diaz,"January 27, 2023","Long time player of this game, i've seen a lot of updates but since the 4 last ones, the game isn't the same, wont be able to seriously advance if you don't pay or watch ads NON STOP!!!. Another issue, the game has become a lot more ""intelligent"", it knows when to give you a chance to have a few extra moves and when not to. It wants to make loose. Also the game does a lot ""self sabotage"" of our chances to win a level, it ruins our chances by strategically exploding our way out of the level. 1*",537 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
40,Ben,"February 8, 2023","They have completely changed the app and levels. At this point you cannot get anywhere without spending money. It's sad. I used to play a year or two ago and would find myself occasionally putting in a couple dollars every now and then, however that has changed. Playing now, they want money in order for me to be able to even win the so called easy levels. My guess is they are going broke so they need our money more and more!",90 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
41,Alicia Womack,"February 7, 2023","This game used to be a fun way to kill some time, however as you get to higher levels, the game is less and less fun with multiple ""super hard"" levels that just leave you stuck. Also, boosters are promised for watching advertisements, but are not given because the advertisements freeze frequently!",96 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
42,Phillip Goolsby,"February 11, 2023",I play to pass time. When the game gets to the point it's calculated to be just difficult enough to make me use all of my gold bars or all of my collected powerups or start to cost money to win. I erase it and start over from the beginning clearing memories and cookie cashe saves in the app settings. Unfortunately. It's a rigged game with a complete do-over as a consolation prize.,524 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
43,Theresa Meyer,"January 8, 2023","Started playing again...and am hooked of course. As annoying as the ads are....it was nice to have the option to watch ads to get more lives, turns, boosters, etc. Now, of a sudden, that option is gone, the only option to continue is to buy.....no thanks. There shouldn't be limited tries on the ""nightmarishly hard"" levels......let us have unlimited tries once in awhile. Some levels take days to complete.....having to wait for lives...very frustrating.",668 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
44,T Salah,"February 13, 2023","The game has become very, very bad, very difficult stages and there are few moves, and in order to get more moves.. much more, up to 55 only for 10 gold!! I do not have it, but I can buy it by paying a dollar or... What is this decision? I downloaded the game to have fun, not to enter it a thousand times while I am at the same stage The alternative is in the thousands... You are disappointing",30 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
45,Edson Chris,"December 19, 2022","I downloaded the app again and I have been trying to retrieve my progress that I linked with my Facebook account but it's not working. I enter my email address and password and it simply loads, refreshes and shows the same page requesting for my email address and password again. I hope nothing is wrong, I have played a lot of levels already and I don't want to lose it all! Please help me resolve this as soon as possible!",961 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
46,SandmansBox,"February 10, 2023","Very fun and addicting! My only negative remark about CCS with only 200 levels of experience is in my opinion that if a player has hints toggled on, the moves that the ""hint-bot"" shows should be more accurate as a teaching tool to beat the level your on until the player is comfortable enough to toggle hints off to go at it commando. The bot is good on some levels but others it will lead you astray.",48 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
47,Robyn Galvin,"February 19, 2023","This is always been a great game, but recently I find that the ads are getting longer and more repetitive. And often when I click on the ad link to get extra moves at the end of the game, sometimes I get the extra moves, and sometimes the app just hangs up.",6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
48,vanquella martinez,"February 12, 2023","It's a very pretty and colorful game but it has too much animation. While playing, if you make 1 move the game just plays by itself not giving the chance to make other moves. And once that board is finished you have to sit and watch it finish playing itself and it takes too long. It's a game not a TV show. And nobody has that much of money to spend just to win. Officially uninstalled.",751 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
49,Pete Tavener,"February 5, 2023","It used to be a fun game, but not any more. Boards now have more colours than before which makes it hard to create special candies. Boards are also crammed with blockers so no nice cascades. Typically only 20 moves despite videos showing many more moves. Boards now designed to be passable only if you spend a load of money on boosters or gold bars. I will no longer waste my time or money on this 'free' game.",694 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
50,Starman Joel,"February 11, 2023",They rigged the game to make you watch ads so you can win... Most times when you watch the ad you actually clear the level... It's not fun if there are more than 1000 levels and I can't clear a level because I refused to watch an ad. Some might say I'm just bad at the game.... But any time I watch an ad is when I clear the level... I don't even use the extra moves... I play to relieve stress but thinking about watching an ad instantly brings more stress. No thanks. One star. Used to be good 🚮,46 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
51,Josh Jenkins,"February 2, 2023","It is a great game when the devs aren't being overly greedy. The most recent change, where the ads have been removed along with any ability to continue good streaks without spending money, has completely killed the game. I am in the 4000s for level, and it is COMPLETELY IMPOSSIBLE to maintain streaks or often to even advance much of the time. Some levels now take 100+ attempts to pass. I realize that there were probably a lot of complaints about the constant ads, but the ads gave bonuses.",361 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
52,Brenda Lucy,"February 20, 2023","This game is good....but can I have ads to boost the hard levels. It really so unfair to not give ads freely when needed. I like playing this game so much but it's becoming boring now. I can't try one level for more than a day, and I end up still trying for a week. Please check out on that@candycrushmananger",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
53,Kacie Kirkorian Mertins,"January 17, 2023","Its fun when you are a beginner or mid level player. Its ridiculous after level 12900. Its impossible. There are nothing but extremely difficult levels, even the levels not marked difficult are terrible to get through. Every opportunity to compete for boosters like the ""lets start a streak"" fail because you cant get a streak going when it takes so many tries to pass one level. So much for relaxing and unwinding.","1,471 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
54,Joshua Klassek,"January 15, 2023","Good game, fun to play. However, android users are disadvantaged compared to iOS. My partner place this on their iPhone and whenever she loses she has the option to watch ads to get more moves but we are unable to do so on android. We were having a competition on who could keep the higher level, but she has a greater advantage over me being allowed to have extra moves when I do no. Rated 2 stars.",468 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
55,Stephon Ali,"January 8, 2023","Good fun but not great, the game is designed for micro transactions, there are popups all the time and later on its near impossible to pass levels without booster help, difficult to play for free, it gets frustrating when you reach a block, which is why i stopped playing for years, only to come back because I was a bit bored to be reminded that yes the game is fun and there are many unique levels but ultimately you gonna hit a paywall. Do what you will with this info.",309 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
56,Ibiye Amafabia,"January 21, 2023","It would seem the developers are bent on making one spend. I am no longer as thrilled by the game as I used to be. I have had experiences where there seem to be programming errors because I have several moves left, dropped all the fruits but it is still not ending the game and counting it as a loss. The hard levels are now almost impossible making the game experience so boring.",472 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
57,A Google user,"January 30, 2023","It's not easy but relaxing,and helps take a lot of tention off of your mind while you try to get done. The prizes and gifts along with directions are easy to understand.I like the object that it has alot more to do in the level and you can work with my family. It be a lot more fun if my phone would stop freezing up. I checked how much memeory was on my phone and it was only at 20 percent filled. I'm use to being patient with it. Since I've updated the game it's a lot easier to get though a level",646 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
58,Robin Kuenzler,"February 10, 2023",It was all good since the new update. The bonus structure is now pointless you can only spin the wheel when you have no choice to complete the level anyway. I probably delete the game if they don't fix it with the next update. Update: 2/9/2023 Still the same issues. Very disappointing!,54 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
59,Vanessa King,"December 25, 2022","I've played for a decade at this point. While I've loved how they've continued ro update and grow the levels (I'm 7100+ levels deep and still haven't run out), but the glitches have become frustrating. The daily wheel no longer works for me and reaching out to the help desk just gets an email suggesting the FAQs. I like the option to watch multiple ads for different extensions so you know what you're getting and that the ads are opt in rather than invasive like some games.",572 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
60,Treena Cardinalli,"February 10, 2023","Screen goes small. The first time I play the game after reinstalling it, the screen stays the normal size. When I close the app and reopen it later, the opening screen is large but as soon as the game starts, is becomes small. Uninstalling and reinstalling does the same. Plays once big, close and reopen it and it goes small. It started doing it today on my tablet. My husband has the same tablet and the game does not do it to his and all our settings are exactly the same.",96 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
61,Nancy Katumbi,"February 15, 2023",My experience with this app has been very highly recommendable. But I started losing trust with you after I made an order purchase which was never delivered and no refund was made. I have done several emails without any response to a point whereby I feel the best option is now to delete the app and and just engage in other games.,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
62,Su Va,"February 6, 2023","After installing update today, can't claim anything. I.e. Booster wheel won't work, as it continously states ""contacting store"". Same goes for anything else. Also, getting rather annoyed that advancing in game play at all is only possible when paying real money to purchase items, especially with the insane amount of pop ups in between each level and after each time one plays a level.",96 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
63,Chuck Byard,"February 16, 2023",Another App goes tablet unfriendly. I get on this morning and see that the app will only support portrait mode from now on. Guess I'm done. I'm pretty sure it's actually a smaller screen than even a phone now on a 10 inch tablet. If I used my phone I would still want landscape so kinda phone unfriendly now also.,0,1,candy_crush
64,Mutesi Shakira,"February 10, 2023","I can't begin how frustrated I am right now, I don't know if it's a glitch or just to make someone lose while playing. I've played candy crush for a long time now and It was going great until I reached the 1000 levels and suddenly can't seem to finish a game, used up all my Gold bars and all boosters, seems they want you to loose 😡😡 I was so mad and I had to change my 5 stars to 1 star😤",30 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
65,Hana Čolić,"January 17, 2023","After one purchase, the ads simply go away forever which makes it impossible to catch up or win anything. I keep getting stuck on levels every day and struggle to finish one level for sometimes a whole week. This sucks and has absolutely ruined my experience. Funny way to say thanks to someone who gave you money.",155 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
66,Bethany Ramos,"January 16, 2023","I have been playing for years and I mean years. But the last few days the game has been freezing, and when I do purchase things and spend the money for them the game freezes and I have to quit the game and all my stuff is gone completely! Either need the money back or fix the game please! I'll edit the review once someone reaches out",109 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
67,Joy Wotogbe-Allison,"February 19, 2023","It's Totally fun and worth the time. That's why I rated 4 Stars. But it may likely drop to 3 stars for me because the ""Hard and Super Hard level"" is too much and gets you discouraged sometimes, especially when your bosters and breakers are exhausted, you just have to keep trying and failing until you exhaust the life given ;then you wait for minutes and sometimes hours it to fill up back again. All those processes can be really discouraging.",212 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
68,Jennifer Worley,"February 18, 2023","Game is ok. Seems easier than when it first came out years ago. But got so hard I just restarted it. Now I've retarded again. Today, Christmas Eve, I restarted again.. I get to level 254 and then restart. I'm not going to just play that level forever. 2/10/23. 2/18/23 restarted again. Not allowed to spend real $$. So, unless you do it is hard to progress.",8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
69,Chris Hutchinson,"December 31, 2022",Beware. The app has got increasingly unstable on the versions of Android I use. I have reached level 6400 but have been unable to play for some time as my tablet (5.1) refuses to get past the loading screen and when I try and log in on my phone (8.0) for weeks it has said there is a connection error and to try again in a bit. I have tried all the fixes The only one left is to delete and reload the app. Each time you have to do this you lose all your boosters.,310 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
70,Bobby Wolf,"February 5, 2023",Pretty decently fun game to play. My only complaint is constantly going into races with other people. I wish it was more optional because even if you don't purposely participate it gets annoying when the leader board automatically pops up after a each level.,13 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
71,Becka S,"February 6, 2023","Used gold for extra moves twice in a row and the last ingredient never dropped. Had to be a glitch, really ruins the game when things like that happen. Also had the last combos not complete... Like there will be 3 of the same in a row that never crushed on the last move... This happened a few times now.",7 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
72,Daven Stuart,"February 5, 2023","Gave it a second chance. I enjoy the game. My previous issue seem to have been fixed. Now the only issue i have is with ads freezing, preventing me from getting the reward. Need to hard shut down the app and restart.",23 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
73,Brad M,"February 7, 2023","Redesign for cash grab. Played to lvl 2000 on old phone and started again on new phone. The redesigned levels are all the same. Not enough moves and a bunch of jelly and multi hit blocks EVERY SINGLE LEVEL. Need to get super lucky and designed to fleece money as those blocks and jellies lend themselves to booster usage. The ""difficult"" levels have small workable areas at first, forcing you to match 3s and burn through 50 percent of your moves before tackling anything. Ad nauseum bs.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
74,William Moskovits,"February 20, 2023",I like the different levels of challenges. Could use more opportunities to win gold bars. I agree of what I wrote above and add on that occasionally the regular levels are harder than hard levels. Nonetheless it's a lot of fun. Thank you,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
75,Denise Lenox,"February 6, 2023",I do not like the latest update. Taking away the landscape view and replacing it with portrait view with no option to choose your preference was a poor decision. I do not enjoy playing in portrait view on my Chromebook!!!! Please give options!!,34 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
76,Betsy Feller,"February 5, 2023","I love this game. I only play a handful of online games. This is in my top two. The thing with Candy Crush is: I have lost a lot of real money in it. When I go tot he trouble of writing, I usually recieve a positive outcome, but I dont want to be emailing every time I don't recieve rewards orpurchases b/c I think you will see me writing you too often and think I'm trying to get something I dont deserve! That's my big problem with the fun game.",11 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
77,Carol Kenzel,"February 11, 2023",The game keeps freezing up at the end. I get a spinning wheel and indicates it is connecting to Play Store. But it never connects. This prevents me from getting the option to continue playing either by using gold bars or watching a few ads. My only option is to close the game.,17 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
78,Cocoa Brown,"February 3, 2023","2023: reinstalled 2 years later ..stuck at same level (1095) for 3 days...unistalled AGAIN. (2021) Almost a year later I return to the game and it's still an Ad fest and money grab. Takes too long for lives to replenish. Too many annoyances with this game. After a few days, I'm deleting again. I prefer to watch paint dry.",136 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
79,Preeti Mahna,"February 19, 2023",Ever since I updated the app I can't see ads for lives and extra moves. I am stuck on one level for the past five days. This is getting very difficult to pass one level without the help of extra moves. It's kinda boring now.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
80,Susan “SusanBrunerOnline” Bruner,"February 11, 2023",I wanted to migrate my game to my new tablet. I clicked on save my progress and created a King account. It took me right back tor level 1. I was previously well over level 7000 on my original game. I thought the game could be played on any device with the progress saved. Not impressed! Hopefully it is just a glitch and will correct itself. Then I will give it the 5 stars it deserves.,17 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
81,jennifer hill,"February 9, 2023","😢 when you earn the scrolls, it used to be $1.99 for the reward, now it's $7.99. that's crazy!! Yes, you get a little more but not $6 worth more. I know you need to make your money but that's taking advantage. And the piggy bank used to hold 60 gold bars, now it's 30 to cash out at the same price. Makes me not even want to participate in the spending money parts of the game. Eventually, I'll uninstall and not play because the higher levels are impossible to beat without boosters",224 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
82,Lee Wilbur,"February 8, 2023","It's entertaining enough but I'm removing it because it keeps the screen on ALL THE TIME which drains the battery. I'm done playing, close my case, then take the device out 8 hours later and my screen is on with the game open and the battery, which was fully charged, down to 25%. There's no reason this game needs to keep the screen on.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
83,Gidoustics,"February 6, 2023","DONT SPEND MONEY the game decides if you win or lose on a percentage at the beginning of the game. You can ofcourse change it by spending more dough. Otherwise, this is one hella dope free game. I havent spent a dime and even with the low percentage of winning. It's still enjoyable. Also, running out of lives is a good way to tell me to go out and touch grass.",13 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
84,Stephanie Hunter,"February 11, 2023",I'm on level 9840. I have beat it 4 times and it gets a glitch in it and will not stop busting candy so I hit the skip part and then it just freezes! How can I advance if it will not let me. I have been playing this game for 10 years. Help!!!!!! Please,7 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
85,Lashon Hilliard,"February 19, 2023","Some levels are more stressful than others. If you've been ulon a level more than 9 times, the algorithm should have built in intuitive intelligence to allow you to advance to the next level. #IsItJustMe",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
86,Dana Fortier,"February 20, 2023","Very disappointed, my spouse & I both downloaded the game & started playing, both of us on the same day, on the same model phone, except his has races built-in, which gives him the ability to earn gold bars, mine on the other hand does not. I've check for updates. I emailed King describing this issue & they emailed back saying ""they only come around every so often"", well he has a race available every day, earning bars & I have yet to get one, no consistency in player experience, please fix now!!",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
87,Malcolm Cole,"February 15, 2023","Horrible customer service. Downloaded game to gain free things for Golf Clash with TapJoy Thought I achieved levels to be rewarded but wasn't rewarded the promised gems. Followed the process, but got an email back that was quite insulting saying it was impossible for me to reach the level. I researched it myself and realized I confused a map level vs an overall level. That person responded could have seen my mistake but chose to imply I was cheating.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
88,Mary Mark Wenyang,"February 19, 2023","I love candy crush and have been playing it for years,but it's getting annoying, am stock in a hard level for weeks,I have exhausted all my boosters, and cannot get ads to help me finish up the hard levels,at first I thought it was my wifi or phone but I get same complaints from my friends too, am tired. Candy crush bring back ads please the hard levels are too much.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
89,Scott Sinclair,"February 12, 2023",Objective ....... clear 1000 striped candy with 1 move.......didn't complete this easy level? we will give you an extra move for 10 gold bars which will cost you £2. Still didn't complete it? We'll give you another move and 1 striped candy for 16 gold for £4. You can see where I'm going with this........ God this game used to be fun. Now it's just a cash grab and if you are doing well with levels it will whack 3 hard/extremely hard levels to slow your progress. Was a 5* game but is now a 1* game,11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
90,Neysa Wright,"February 7, 2023","Its ridiculous how Candy Crush Saga has turned this game into a miserable experience for the players. The levels are set to make it so hard to pass with boosters & money-when boosters don't help you get off of the levels-whats the sense of playing if you have to play one level for 4 & 5 days to pass it. Then the money offers after each level is sickening-they want you to pay to play this game & All the levels are ridiculously hard to pass, so the money that it will take to play is not worth it.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
91,John Pinney,"February 7, 2023","I have been Crushing Candy since a long time.. aside from occasional update glitches they usually get handled promptly. My main concerns occured after id puchased a ,""hard level booster pack"" 1.99+tax. Im not sure if thats what got me through that lvl or not..my point is..up to that point i had ALWAYS had the option of spinnig for extra turns ,buying extra turns or quitting. Its the same with Soda Crush. I am about to. It seems like total strangers took over and are trying to eliminate CRUSH",32 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
92,Samantha Morgan,"February 12, 2023","I have been playing this game for almost 10 years and within the last couple weeks, I've noticed that it doesn't finish the moves in the game and just ends the round. I have lost multiple levels and add-ons because of this, which it's just wasting money, It's frustrating.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
93,Marion Schnurr,"February 6, 2023","Love the game and the opportunity to earn extra chances by watching ads. However, I really dislike the quality of some of the ads - bad spelling, bad punctuation and dirty surroundings. I would appreciate it if you were to examine the ads before you accept them. Thanks. em. Still love the game. The game.",75 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
94,Greg W,"February 14, 2023","Decent game, the problem is the same with many games. Ruined by greed. They overload you with ads, or like candy crush they design the game around forcing you to buy over and over. It cost money to create and run games, they deserve to profit but then greed takes over and they push things until the games feel much less enjoyable. Most games aren't designed to be good anymore, they are designed to draw you in and milk you for every dollar they can. I'm over it. UNINSTALLED",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
95,Nancy Phillips,"February 20, 2023","While it's fun to watch things get blown up when I start a good cascade, this game doesn't explain how things work. For example, how is chocolate made? It's designed to make you spend money, and that's annoying. But still, lots of things blow up, which is very satisfying",0,3,candy_crush
96,Vilkia Mora,"February 19, 2023","The game is super nice. BUT, they make super difficult levels that are next to impossible to finish as they have very few moves available.. They do them as such to make you purchase more moves. I still play the game.. But, I will most likely uninstall it soon.",0,1,candy_crush
97,Alvin CW,"February 11, 2023","Cheat u to click on ads for more steps to complete level. Eg. Needed to clear the springs to clear the level. But it does not provide enough springs for you to clear until you left last step, then the springs appear. How bad the designer. Cheater.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
98,Jonothon Mcmahon,"February 5, 2023",Played this on and off since 2013 currently on level 3559! Very rarely play it these days as the levels are so difficult to pass...Obviously done to try and make the player pay for boosters to pass the levels. The levels aint even enjoyable to play anymore!,8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
99,AniBusiness,"February 10, 2023",You unreasonably made some stages hard. It makes the game looks frustrating and annoying. Game is supposed to be fun and not annoying...we play games to ease stress and free our anxiety. But some of the level in this game are unreasonably set up.,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
100,Sherry Heath,"January 13, 2023","I did enjoy the game in the beginning. I agree with a lot of the reviews on here.The higher you get if you don't buy boosters or other items you cannot beat the level, it's almost impossible. I don't want to pay to play a game.It gets way too expensive. Also, on the hard levels you lose all your lives and then you have to wait 30 minutes before you can play it again. Unless, you want to pay for lives. I'm thinking of uninstalling the game it's getting too pricey.",562 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
101,A c mathew Anthony,"February 18, 2023",I am using this game as mind booster and enjoying it very nice and fantastic work just keep it up and i loving it very much each level is going on harder and harder but keep going on but if you give us an add to collect the gold bar and keep playing and give us life's by seeing an ad so that we can keep on playing with lot of fun and relaxing mood,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
102,Charlie Cochran,"February 14, 2023","This game is still fun when it's fair. It just isn't fair. You'd have to be blind to not notice how manipulated it is. Basically, if you want to have truly random distribution of candies and obstacles, you'd better keep burning those boosters and gold bars and show some willingness to cough up money for more. The new version has tons of hard levels that won't allow you to come close until you spend. A level may give you 20 moves, but if you spend some gold bars they'll give you 40 extra lol",11 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
103,Barry B Benson,"February 9, 2023",Level 146 almost made me quit the game. I was stuck on it for days and finally had enough and used half my powerups to clear the level. Some levels are painfully easy to being so hard you literally waste a week trying to beat it. Not to mention they shove microtransactions and ads at every turn. Very greedy tactics from such a big game. It's unfortunate they make levels so hard they basically force you to spend money by buying powerups/extra moves.,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
104,Scape 55,"February 4, 2023","Was fun, until it compels you to pay in order to win. Seemed fair for the first hundred or so, but now I'm on a level with an insane number of orders to complete, with a small area that makes setups of more than three almost impossible and with only 15 moves to do it all. And wouldn't ya know, there's an owl near the level, who says he'll help you out with some boosters, for $3.99. No thanks.",22 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
105,Chris N,"February 13, 2023","Rigged game, tricks you into spending money. You can only get so far before they start manipulating you. You'll get SO close to finishing a difficult board, then when you need 1 green candy to win, the game will only give you orange and blue. It happens again and again. Once, I made a single 99 cent purchase, then suddenly for 10 minutes I got every candy I needed, exactly on time. If you don't pay to win, the game will purposely get you just ONE MOVE away from clearing a board, then SCREW YOU.",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
106,Joseph Whittington,"February 12, 2023",Updating my review. It is pay to play. Made it to level 300 and you cannot win this level without some of the extra stuff they sell. (I have literally been stuck on this level and tried to beat it over a month now )It's a game and there is no way I will pay $10 for enough bonus pieces to win one level. It is ridiculous and this is what is wrong with America,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
107,Velsaras Rosaveare,"February 14, 2023","Tediously impossible after a while. Essentially at that point, it's trying to scam you into spending on boosters by constant fails or the temptation provoked by constantly losing the booster streak. Also, it should 100000000% be illegal for striped fish to swim into non-candies. Waste of a power up since it's NOT A CANDY THAT CAN BE CHANGED. (Also the game suggests moves at an excessive rate. Can't look over the ""floor plan"" of the level for a second w/o it trying to rush you with a suggestion.)",16 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
108,N Baua,"February 11, 2023",Day by day King games have become more greedy. I can see the reduced number of moves in levels where previously there were at least few more moves (between 5-10 moves reduced) were available in same level. Only purpose of King is watch more ads and/or buy more moves than ever before. Shouldn't there be at least 30 moves minimum criteria for levels. I'm around 4900 level and the target to clear 90 tiles which are double locked in 15 moves is deathly impossible.,9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
109,Brenna Murray,"February 19, 2023","Great game! No ads! The 22ish minutes between new lives really slows things down, but it's a fair waiting period for a free game. Not so long it's unplayable, and tempting to buy lives when you're on a roll.",6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
110,Sean Elsegood,"February 12, 2023","Very satisfying to play, but can't progress past level 27 for some reason? Also the game penalises you for not having Farcebook because if you run out of lives you're basically locked out of the game until they ""recharge"" which makes no sense to me. Just let us keep trying until we pass the level! Don't recommend this game to play while a passenger because of this reason.",33 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
111,N,"February 16, 2023","I used to play kind of easily, without using too much boost. I started playing again yesterday and I'm always out of moves... I don't know what happened... I need to use all my boost and gold bar to not even pass a level... It's just a pay to win now... It's sad because the game was really fun, but unplayable without great luck or great back account...",0,1,candy_crush
112,Anita Agrawal,"February 16, 2023","Although this is a fun puzzle game, some levels are very hard which gets cleared after 1-2 weeks, i love this game but some levels are hard,some boosters are VERY useless and in some levels the boosters i unlocked can't be choosen which make the level harder,so please improve this otherwise this game is fun!",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
113,John Isaiah,"February 16, 2023","I'd love this game from the day it was established, but recently it became boring to play. The maps graphics is enticing and the levels are fun of super extreme hard. Please do some you lose your customers.",4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
114,Cym Sensible,"February 16, 2023","The game is not fun after you complete the easy levels. The difficult levels cannot be successfully completed without buying boosters. You are, more or less, required to buy boosters for a game that does not give you a monetary reward in return.",623 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
115,P R,"February 4, 2023","I LOVE playing CC but have recently noticed when I purchase coins, and then use them, it's been taking more than what's required. To continue playing, it's 10 coins. When I'm finished the level, I noticed that it's taking more than 10, sometimes as much as 20. No one to contact to get refunds. Shame shame CC!",14 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
116,Sarah Wairimu,"February 15, 2023","It's a good game but very irritating...Gold bars too expensive some levels are extremely hard,and everytime after watching an add the game automatically exits itself or takes you to play store and on coming back to the game the level has been discarded and one has to replay the level again this is so frustrating 😤😤",8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
117,Maxne Quigley,"February 20, 2023",Excellent game for all ages. I have went playing this game for bout five years and never get bored off it. Best game out there and it's free. You only buy lives if Yu want too. I have got my grandson who has Asperger's playing this game now and he loves it. Best game out there still. It gets better and better. You can just keep going. There is so many levels try it and see. I hope they keep making levels so l can keep playing daily thank you,20 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
118,Aniruddha Barman,"February 11, 2023","The level of this game has become very difficult compared to before. It takes a few days to pass a level, moreover it is almost impossible without boosters. And my profile rank is not showing, even after many updates it is not showing.👎👎",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
119,Anaya Fatima,"February 15, 2023",I am playing this about 5 to 6 years. It is very mind relaxing game and fun also. Some levels are very hard which didn't complete without using boosters. I played this game when I stuck something and trying to get it off. That's why I really like this game.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
120,Dianne Duryea,"February 10, 2023","I've played before, I'm back! I'm stuck, I hate game's that are impossible to win, that keep you stuck. They bore me! I STILL HATE BEING STUCK ON A LEVEL, THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE! How can you even think that could be fun? 2023, I am more than sure this game manipulates losses, to make money. I don't like being played, when I play! So tough luck Charlie!",10 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
121,Dave Williams,"February 2, 2023","Used to be fun, I've been playing for a long time, but the last month or so the ai in the game is flawed. More times then not when you swipe a line to gain a exploding candy or a line candy you don't actually get rhe reward. Also the super matching candy if it falls more than two lines it explodes and you loose the ability to use them. Overall the actual game play has been terrible since December. Seems the only way to advance past the hard levels is to pay or sit on the same level for a week",54 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
122,cynthia kieffer,"December 31, 2022","Very frustrating. I am not going to pay for the extra rewards, even though they constantly beg for my money. The levels increase in difficultty but you end up having to stop while you're learning the new level because you run out of lives. So annoying. It's as if they are punishing you for not purchasing extra rewards, or pressuring you into buying them. They should let you either buy the rewards and move on quickly or have enough lives to die and start over repeatedly.",189 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
123,M. Perkins,"January 4, 2023",I don't know what is going on with the game? All of the sudden it tells me I have no internet connection. It's been like this for over a week now and King has done nothing to help me fix the problem even though I have sent email to them. I'm at a loss on how to fix problem and I have done everything as suggested by the help area. Update: I uninstalled app after more than 68 attempt's to contact King. There was no getting past that last level. I even purchased boosters and still couldn't get pas,98 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
124,Sunni. Edmerson,"January 10, 2023",Pretty entertaining! I don't mind the ads they are short and you're able to obtain boosters/extra lives for watching. Sometimes it does seem the system is rigged to make you lose. But either way the music is relaxing and it's an easy going time passing game. Still enjoy it.,"1,170 people found this review helpful",4,candy_crush
125,Skewizzy Ace,"December 20, 2022","I have been playing this game for 10years now and i totally love it but recently, it has become very annoying. Firstly the hard levels are just too hard(hard, super hard and night marishly hard) for the love of God, for a game that doesn't have an end in sight, can you take down the hard levels? Or better still give us the option of more moves. I am currently on level 5,298 and i have only 15 moves to crack that level. King, please fix this issue.",154 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
126,Jesse Cline,"February 8, 2023","Game is good. Is what it is. Candy crush. Solid platform and game itself. But I play it on Android, my wife plays on IPhone. She can watch videos to get help, not me though. Idk. Random disappointment rant after being stuck on a level for days now and look over and she's just watching videos and getting boosters left an right. O well.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
127,Mawuduji Nyaho,"February 11, 2023",Fun game but requires too much money to play and progress. It's no longer fun from that point. You earn gold from playing but have to buy that gold before you can use for any purchases. Even accepting free lives from friends is restricted to a certain number. So annoying. I had to uninstall!! PLEASE MAKE COCONUT WHEELS WON PLAYERS USABLE ON ALL LEVELS...🤷🏿‍♂️,22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
128,Teresa Holdcroft,"January 6, 2023","It's a great app and the game can be challenging but having got up to the 4000's now some of the games are absolutely ridiculous. Undoable in most cases unless you buy boosters. I know king or whoever owns this now, is not a charity and are trying to make money but they need to look at some of the levels to see that they're taking up to 2 weeks to solve. Just my opinion.",98 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
129,Chimeka Elechi,"December 21, 2022","Like what is happening with this game, this is the second I'm making a complaint here. The game keeps crashing and blackout anytime I start a level, I won't even be able to play and then when it blacks out my game lives removes and I didn't even get to play and it became worse when I updated it, it won't even open it just blacks out directly. I actually stopped playing for a while thinking it will be better buh no it's not at all😠😠 and it's really annoying....",93 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
130,Linda Pugh,"January 13, 2023","I have been playing this game more or less since it first came out (10years?) and I'm level 8285. I love this game because you can dip in and out, it's varied, and the colours are lovely. It's competitive too! Yes, the higher you get, the harder it gets. That's to be expected, right? You can spend money if you want but if you're savvy and play regularly you don't really have to because there are loads of little games and challenges that win you rewards to help you pass the tricky levels.",281 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
131,Rindy Tarisma,"December 20, 2022","It's fun to play at the beginning. But then as you get to higher level (am at 1700ish) it just gets too hard to pass a level, it's no longer fun. Don't know where all the free daily booster we used to get. I am now stuck at very tough level and limited booster. The competition against other players is also not fair. We compete to finish an episode the fastest or to have as many level passed in a week, but we don't know the levels of our competitors are playing.",292 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
132,Rob Thrash,"February 3, 2023","I have been playing this game for years and am on level 5018 and have never paid for anything. Boosters are awarded for loyalty and winning the most levels in a week. Candy Royale allows you to win gold bars and my current balance is at 1103 , I have been over 1500. Obviously the game is a business but one can play for free and get some where.",6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
133,Eoin Heffernan,"February 8, 2023","Enjoyable, but deeply skewed to create a need to pay to play. You can feel the game's gears moving to make it more difficult to play without paying. Their finger is clearly on the scales. To be expected, but you are generally used to games being less obvious. Play for 2-3 days, then give up forever.",7 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
134,IchigoxRukia FOREVER,"February 5, 2023",This game is unnecessarily hard it has Way to much stuff that you have to get rid of with what little moves you have to work with and the power ups that is if you ever get any because bing able to get any type of power up at all is near impossible but if you do it help some that is when ever thay decide show up,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
135,Sufia Parveen,"February 14, 2023","This game is so addictive that I can't just stop playing but nowadays this has become boring as I am on the hardest level the moves are so few that it is just impossible to clear the level without any extra help which I have to pay with the coins, that also doesn't work as I pay for it, coins are gone and helps are not given. Ridiculous , they say to check my server ,how is it possible rest of my apps are working perfectly only candy ask to check servers. I will delete this game😡😡😡😡",4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
136,Harrison,"December 28, 2022","What a game this is. Can't stop playing. But the only bad thing is that levels after 100 spam hard levels. Also, can you add a new setting? To get the old music back? This doesn't bother me too much though, because, unlike some people, this game is still what it is, candy crush, the legendary game and it's unique Candy's ability's, and my favourite candy, the fish!",219 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
137,Sarah Kuhl,"January 9, 2023","They definitely rigged the game to make you have to purchase packages to pass hard levels. I made at least two purchases in the past month and never received my product. My screen would be stuck on a loading screen, so I would have to force stop the app, then when I open it back up, my purchases aren't there. They claim I received my items when I contacted customer service. I have no reason to lie over my 3 and 5 dollar app purchases, so they obviously need the money more than I do.",63 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
138,Sakhiwo Ntibane,"February 16, 2023",The game is still good and enjoyable.the problem starts when I have to buy gold bars and bombs while I already use my data to play the same game. Lastly who took away the ads because we were getting lives there to finish levels instead of using 10 gold bars for 5 moves. Niyasikhuthuza🤧,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
139,janette lindsay,"February 7, 2023",Don't know what's going on with this game. I've only got through 4 levels since Xmas!!!! It's ridiculous. Was stuck on one for 5 weeks and the one I'm on about 4 weeks. All adverts stopped so little chance of any boosters. Now finding it all very frustrating.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
140,Chris CG,"December 30, 2022","This game is the worst puzzle game ever!!! This game was fun back then because it wasn't pay to win and revolved on the players skill and strategic gameplay, Now it's just luck and very difficult to get through boss levels such as 46 with only 25 moves. I've tried like 20 times to beat this level And I have yet to beat it, Even the hints can't help you win! Definitely recommend playing Woodoku instead.😁",95 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
141,JD K,"February 7, 2023","I have been playing this game for almost a decade. And I am finally giving it up. You CANNOT simply play the game anymore. You have to X out of so much fluff. The developers are hellbent on making you become ""friends"" with strangers, you have to wait till the screen clears lest you end up having stupid, incessant ""challenges"" from the one ""friend"" you got tricked into accepting. After EVERY life. ""Discovered"" Royal Match, and it's SO much more fun! Over Candy Crush forever.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
142,Sami Dominguez,"January 22, 2023",I've played for 11+ years. Level 9013 has a glitch and after spending a lot of gold bars I realized there was a problem. I contacted tech support and got a response telling me that's just the game. They didn't even look at my screen shots proving the issue. Don't waste money on this game!! Glitches will not be addressed and you'll receive an email telling you to try harder. -¿-,86 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
143,Nathan Tschanz,"January 26, 2023","Nasty nasty dull boring depressive background music ruins this game now! Been playing and enjoying this game for years, now they've suddenly decided upon themselves to change the music, no option to choose back to the original, it's now either that or turn it off. What was the thought process behind this new soundtrack, who thought it was delicious to use a soundtrack that's more suitable for a depressing war movie? Please give back the original, or at least have the options to chose both 🙏",219 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
144,BEE !!,"February 8, 2023",It's fun but it's also kinda addicting when it comes to super hard levels it can take 40+ tries to pass it it's kinda hard to get gold and upgrades and when you do get them you have to use them on hard levels you cant just use it on one you're struggling with or you'll never pass the hard level that's upcoming,3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
145,Troy McKinlay,"December 30, 2022","Not fun. It's not a game of skill or chance, you won't advance until the game let's you and it will keep you stuck for potentially days. For example, there are challenges where you need to collect licorice swirls, but the game doesn't spawn them for you to collect regularly. You are just going to stay on that level until thr computer decides to offer them to you. You are able to do most levels on the first try, but you will spend most time on the hard ones proportionately. Not fun after a while.",589 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
146,celestial Phoenix “emo” queen,"February 9, 2023",most of the levels are to hard & frustrating to complete even with powerups . & the limited amount of lives to finish the hard/very hard levels is ridiculous and not worth it . very unsatisfied. this game is impossible and I am going to undownload it if it continues on like this,7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
147,Hayley Murphy,"February 13, 2023",Bored! You're either clicking through a million pop ups trying to get to play the game. Once on the game I feel like I'm just sat watching the game play itself. I don't like the way it flashes telling you which ones to move straight away. Doesn't give you chance to just play the game yourself. Bored of it.,10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
148,Jerod Henderson,"February 16, 2023","If I could somehow give this game 0 stars I would, it's very obvious that it's pay to win, any boss level is impossible, unless you literally by gold to for extra turn because that purposely don't give you enough move, but when you fail they offer just enough to beat the level.",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
149,Tim Merrill,"December 30, 2022","This once was a fun game, however with the elimination of the F5, the change in the chocolate box, the elimination of the episode race etc., not any more! Plus others at the same levels have many more events to play to earn boosters. I wish there was the option to rate it a ""0"" .",43 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
150,Rebecca Berry,"February 16, 2023","I LOVE Lemonade Lake! They fixed any issues I had previously and it's playing great! Level objective FREEZING AGAIN! Come on now this is getting ridiculous! *EMAIL THEM for GREAT customer service! I complained here-- No response; However, I emailed from game & they did. I received a response from customer service within hours. They knew about issue & were working on it. They gave me goodies also. I did NOT lose my friends or progress! (Issue they FIXED-App keeps freezing constantly)",11 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
151,Karol Jason,"December 27, 2022","This game uses a lot of scam practices to make you addicted. On the beginning it lets you to quickly win a lot of levels so you become addicted and then at some point it won't allow you through some levels only if you spend a ton of boosters. (Alternatively money, and that's the point). When you don't play for a while and come back it uses again the same mean tactic. At some point it even merged my two accounts that use different emails without even asking. This game is a huge disappointment.",74 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
152,Muis Husin,"February 8, 2023",This game was fun. But sometimes it's boring especially for the hard level and plus...the bonus is quite small. The theme of the game is relax and calm...at the moment the game turns into stress and evokes emotions. This does not match the theme of the game.,4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
153,Jason Turachak,"January 6, 2023","Getting more and more disgusted with this game lately. It used to be a fun diversion but anymore it is a pay-to-win scam. Levels that are ""normal"" can't even be beaten without rewards and there are way too many pop-ups between levels trying to get you to buy things. This game just got to be too much of a money grab for the developers so I'll be deleting it after years of having it on my devices.",115 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
154,ruel p. noblejas,"January 12, 2023","It hangs then stops. I'm on level 4314 and it stops. Have to start over again. Been playing a level for days even weeks. Why? Because it stops. And it's annoying when you're about to finish a level...and boom! IT STOPS!! UPDATE... Same annoying problem. After watching the ads for the 3rd time, again it stops. Free booster gone. Have to start from the beginning. Life gone. Repetitive.. if I could only slap my phone to your faces, I would... UPDATE... Level 4690. Another stupid level... tsk.tsk..",170 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
155,A Fernandez,"February 10, 2023","If I could rate minus stars, I would. I recently tried to save my progress by logging onto Facebook. It saved my levels, however all my boosters and gold bars vanished. I lost 2344 gold bars and over 500 various boosters. I want them back. Please help me retrieve what I had accumulated.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
156,Chalyn Fernandez,"December 21, 2022","Gets very difficult by level 200+ ... It's as if the owner of the app doesn't want anyone to win. If that's the case then it would be better if you just deactivate all candy crush apps. You think we're very happy with your games? No. We don't have a choice because it's the only thing we can access easily in this app store. At least make your players comfortable with different levels. I really hate it after 30 times coming back to same level, I can't pass tru because of insufficient assistance.",112 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
157,Mark Sutcliffe,"January 31, 2023","Losing interest fast, this will soon be uninstalled which is a shame because its a great game and great to pass time however as you progress it can sometimes take days to pass just 1 level unless of course you pay for perks, lives or extra moves. I did this using some Google play rewards but refuse to put my own money into it. Why make a game near impossible to progress in this way? Stop being greedy forcing people to pay pay pay, make it a 1 time purchase instead with more chance to keep going!",28 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
158,skylar schievelbein,"January 20, 2023","This game is pay to play. The levels are near impossible without boosts and it comes down to luck. Nothing is worse than having only one option to move,which doesn't help you progress,then you're forced to do another move that is useless. Way too many popups too. I don't care about your bundles so stop having them popup every two seconds",164 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
159,Joann Petersen,"February 5, 2023",I have been playing this game for over 10 years and I have loved it but now I am looking for a different game to play because this one has gotten ridiculous I watch all the ads and that doesn't bother me but I will not pay to play I made it to 13120 but I think I am done I am very sad What happened to all the gold bars!!!!!!!once again on a level that you can't pass only playing to get prizes found another game to play that atleast lets me play that is fun THIS GAME HAS TURNED INTO A BIG JOKE!!,25 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
160,Lisa Marie,"January 24, 2023",I've always enjoyed this game but tonight I will uninstall it. I realised as soon as I made in app purchases their options for watching ads to get more lives completely disappeared. I waited for days for that option to return. I want the option thanks! On forums they give some cock and bull story about ads are only on some accounts and not being sure when the ads would be back. Many other users have also complained that once are they made in app purchases the ads stopped. Exploitation. Bye.,37 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
161,Akinduro Adebayo,"February 9, 2023","All those impossible challenges there are not necessarily. It's supposed to be a stress-free and fun game as you claimed. Not be given us headache. It doesn't make sense at all. Difficult games with less move to solve it is wicked. Is it just to buy coins or what.? It's becoming a stress eventually. Try and work on it. In fact, I'm uninstalling this game right away. The developers are too greedy.",34 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
162,Rebecca C,"February 12, 2023","Fun to pass the time, BUT I opened the app to continue my progress and clicked to do the update when it popped up. Went back in after the update was complete to continue on level 2681, but when I open that level it gives me level 20.....what's up with that?? How do I fix it?",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
163,A S,"January 19, 2023","I used to ply it before, so I downloaded it again. But now it's radically different: many levels are impossible to pass unless you watch 3-4 adds. I get that when the product is ""free"" one must somehow get revenue. But for Candy Crush - this is taken to extreme. Way too greedy!",14 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
164,LAKSHMI IYER,"February 19, 2023",More than 10 times i have uninstalled and reinstalled due to stuck up with one level for than more than two days. Still i have not give up. Because game is so interesting. But the updated game js very tough. Booster is also very less.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
165,Anastasia B,"February 16, 2023","I hate that I now have to play in portrait mode. Been playing candy crush for years, now since new update I can't play with my tablet horizontal hands free in my case proped up . What a stupid idea to only allow play in portrait mode. Changes the whole feel of the game. Thumbs down on that change big time.",0,3,candy_crush
166,Mighty Mu,"January 31, 2023","Can't pass more than one level a day. It's gotten really annoying and the opposite of fun. I'm only at level 705. Many levels are taking days to pass. Even if I use boosters and pay money to buy gold. It started really fun and I was progressing, winning levels and events. Now it just pisses me off.",119 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
167,Rosemary B-R,"January 6, 2023","This game use to be as advertised, a way to relax & destress & had ads. Now the game has become so stressful that I may stop playing. This is unfortunate since have been playing for years. I was even at the top level just waiting for new levels every Wednesday. Now you took away the ad feature that had boosters & added hard levels that even the video walkthrough will say impossible to pass without boosters. The game should be fair for all instead of for some. Very Sad and disappointing.",41 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
168,Mimi N,"December 29, 2022","When I first started playing a couple months ago and up until about a week ago it was fun, although I wouldn't necessarily say ""relaxing"". A little over a week ago I passed my 1000th game (?) And now it can take me 2 days to pass a level. There's nothing fun or relaxing about it. I'm definitely NOT paying to play so if that's what it's going to take to enjoy this app I'll be deleting it. Like someone else mentioned if you only have 16 plays but have to get 125 bubbles, it's nearly impossible!",31 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
169,Lynn Fletcher,"February 7, 2023","Fun, addicting game, but to win levels without complete frustration, purchases help. They aren't cheap either so this game can get a little costly, hence the reason I deducted one star.",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
170,Jennifer O'Shea,"February 17, 2023","Everyone is saying the exact same thing about this game, it was fun and relaxing, now it is frustrating and is clearly about paying for extras, it's clear the creators are aware of this and they haven't bothered to acknowledge a single complaint!!! When money is involved obviously to them customer service goes out the window. Pathetic!!!! Just going to delete it!!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
171,Christopher Franklin,"February 6, 2023","A-holes use sound and got me in trouble! I have silent in the game settings for a reason! Then this stupid ad starts blaring! And it wasn't one of the normal ads, it was a built in one to play some mini game of theirs.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
172,Julian Calañada Docog,"February 3, 2023",Three consecutive levels of hard level and the fourth one is a super hard level. Can you please put some intervals to the hard levels and super hard levels. Thank you for your kind consideration.,6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
173,Darryl Farmer,"February 20, 2023","Some of the game boosters don't work. Ring boost is one. After you watch the adds, you get nothing.i thought after a couple weeks they would fix it. It makes it very frustrating.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
174,Amanda Calabrese,"February 13, 2023","Took 12 gold from me when i purchased 1 life for 4 gold. If you do too well, it will literally work against you. On one level i was finally winning, it stopped giving me poppables- which i needed to finish. One one level, i continued after i lost and got 15 more moves, a few trys later and they only gave me 5.",0,1,candy_crush
175,Mary Haupt,"February 18, 2023",A game should be challenging without feeling impossible. This game causes more stress than it's worth. Where is the cherry on level 1278? I blew up the board multiple times and still no second cherry dropped. Really?,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
176,Richard Cruz,"February 14, 2023",It's definitely a fun game however when my old phones battery stopped charging I was on level 658 and I've been unable to transfer it all to my new phone! The game cheats BIG TIME ! Like not giving you earned rewards and constantly detonating every explosive candies right as you line them up to clear the board I'm getting soo angry at how bad it is I'm having thoughts of discontinuing to play Candy Crush King I'm feeling that giving it two stars is me being over generous ! Contact me for help,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
177,Heather Bee,"December 27, 2022","It does seem that you are lured in to spending money. Takes days sometimes to clear a level. The silly add-ons like win 10 games in a row are more or less unachievable, particularly if you're past level 2000. I still play it as it's relaxing and addictive! Make the in app purchases more appealing, ie cheaper please.",391 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
178,Sakucha,"February 14, 2023",Level 471 you're to drop three cherries to the bottom but you have to get them from a dispenser. I spent gold bars three times to get more moves and no fuxking cherries came out for me to even try and drop. Idk it just felt like the game was cheating I lost my win streak that was coming up on 200 wins in a row.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
179,Jessica Lynn Young,"January 30, 2023","This game is ridiculous. Idk why I've kept it all these years. I've been stuck on this one level for over two weeks because I refuse to buy gold to get more moves. But it's almost impossible to clear with so little moves. Especially when the fish you use hit any random candy, and not something that will actually help by being gone.",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
180,Tendi Sherpa,"February 10, 2023",Good game for offline&online both way. I am collecting some rewards by playing online. currently I want to give 3 stars because this apps has created only sell system.game is enjoyable but some hard .after incomplete level and end of live it make absolutely force to buy the lives by money.payment system is credit or debit card only not a comfortable for all. (from 🇳🇵),8 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
181,Edwardo Isn'tMyName,"January 28, 2023","I love the music. The algorithm is sometimes annoying. Once I needed a few cherries to pass a level and I assume the algorithm was supposed to make them a rare occurrence, I was unable to pass because in all 30 of my moves I hadn't received the cherries necessary to pass and that really pissed me off. Otherwise the game is a great time waster!",428 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
182,Kristi M,"February 16, 2023",For some reason now that it's changed it won't fit the screen of my tablet. So I guess you don't want me playing your game anymore. Because it's so narrow it doesn't even fill out my little tablet screen too small it sucks now . You know it's really sucks that it's so small on my tablet now realize that some people need a bigger screen I don't care if it curves around my screen I'm going to have to find a game where it'll fit my tablet.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
183,Tom O'Brien,"January 2, 2023",Used to be fun but now it's next to impossible to win levels. You can be stuck on the same level for a week. Used to be able to choose to watch an ad or two to add boosters or turns. That's no longer available so you are stuck unless you want to pay for boosters. Guess they have to pay for all those TV ads and in game ads just weren't generating the income so they went to this pay to play model.,390 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
184,Nina J,"December 20, 2022","Saving gold bars, just to lose everything on a 6hour or something ""purchase"" which i didn't choose... Didn't even use any of the time because my battery was drained. These ""keep playing"" screan just pop up under your fingertip while tapping to move on to a different screen. No indication to confirm that you want to use gold bars. Seriously annoying.",300 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
185,Sue Daniels,"February 8, 2023","Ridiculously small on my tablet. It used to be such a good game until someone had the awesome idea to make it so small you need binoculars to see it. Playing is less and less now, as its just too frustrating to see",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
186,La NeNa Betty Boop,"February 7, 2023","I love this game, it's stress relief when I play. I give it 5+ stars. I just have one problem with all of the games, after I earn my boosters from playing 4 a few hours, sometimes I have to stop playing because I have something to do like feed my kids or charge my phone. So b4 I shut the game off I have 30 minutes left of boosters and when I go back to play I have nothing, why can't it stop, the timer when I shut the game off for any reason, if that changes then I play alot more and be happier",9 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
187,Angela Marie,"February 15, 2023","I like to play this game to pass time but, there were plenty of times where i bought boosters and did not receive them. I even reached out to customer service but they were no help. They just kept emailing me the same rules over and over instead of just applying my boostere themselves or refunding me. Customer Service Sucks!!",0,2,candy_crush
188,Tabitha Ketchum,"February 13, 2023","Definitely has a couple challenges but all.together a wonderful game and keeps my lay around, bored mood busy. No ads at all there is in app purchases but you do not have to buy them if you do not want.",13 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
189,Terry Gobell,"February 12, 2023",Far too many ads and loves crashing every 2 minutes or so. Then it takes several minutes to reload. Very annoying. Plus everytime I make a purchase for more moves it asks me to make another payment. Talk about a cheap trick to make money.,0,2,candy_crush
190,V ruso,"February 14, 2023","Great game!! but SO MANY EVENTS. It's too much to click thru/out of after each level, would love an option to pay a one time $3-$5 for the game and be able to turn off all online access/events/messaging/friend requests etc...",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
191,Boltmann,"February 2, 2023",The WORST Candy crush update EVER! Crashes unnecessarily and makes me lose lives or just after watching an ad. It's like I'm being tricked to watch an ad without being rewarded. Levels are unforgiving unlike the previous version. THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST!,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
192,Lynne Singer,"February 6, 2023","Good game, although I have reinstalled it a few times when I get to a puzzle I can't solve without paying for help! It's actually good fun starting at the beginning again ☺️ Reinstalled again, spent about a week on one level which unless you are prepared to pay for, is I think impossible!",149 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
193,Kokila Prajapati,"February 18, 2023",Game is boring now..i used so many golds but levels are so difficult to clear..other participate clear levels very fast even we try our best and used gold but the levels not clears. I play game when I'm stressed but now when i play the game I'm feels more stress. New players have new look in game but old player don't have new look in game even after update.. Please look in this matter otherwise i uninstall the game..,586 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
194,Sander V,"November 30, 2022","There are people who are getting in game ads to get additional lives and turns after a game is lost. This helps them to finish that one hard level. Others do not have this feature and it's completely random, you can't enable it. It creates a disadvantage from one player to another and for me it ruined the challenge experience. On the king forums, they completely ignore the complaints about this. That alone deserves this bad rating, deleted the game and I will never play again.","1,340 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
195,Moitreyee Dey,"February 18, 2023","Frustrating just frustrating game . Like it's impossible to complete the level .... In the starting it says that "" reveal stress.."" my foot it's give extra anxiety and stress . I suggest not to play this game if one is stressed or frustrated.",0,1,candy_crush
196,Francesca Marquez,"February 2, 2023","It has gotten so annoying right when your leveling up it starts to cut off and doesn't let you continue with the moveing of some candy .it stops you from playing !n it won't move where you want it to move , but the game it self freezes once your beating it .it takes the fun out of it .it only lets you win if they doing the moving !! I'm deleting this app .😔😏",96 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
197,Michelle Downy,"February 4, 2023","All I can say is this game was a lot of fun. But I have retried it many times just trying to not get stuck on even said - normal levels. At this point I don't really care much abt this game. Now I just play to pass the time... Those levels are getting harder and harder. You get to a certain point, lk lvl 400 or somehow to lvl 1,050..after that, chances of beating lvls begin to decline..unless u spend real $$ it's just not as fun anymore 🙄","3,470 people found this review helpful",3,candy_crush
198,Atefor Hans Ngongeh,"January 31, 2023","I'll give the game 4 stars any day, its a great stress reliever, although there are times when I'll use days to pass 1 level but that's the whole point of any game right? Its Supposed to be challenging. Most people are here complaining about spending money to buy gold bars n all that...why? You're not forced, you could win gold bars after playing 15 levels (in the competition tho) . If the developers could make it possible for friends to share gold bars and threats, it'll be more interactive",32 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
199,Cody Davis,"January 31, 2023","This game is awesome! I just don't like how there's ads but I get you gotta make money some how. But I also don't like how you have to buy power ups/boosts for some levels and for me to get those boosts I need coins but they don't hand coins out very often so that's a little annoying. But other than that, adorable, relaxing game!",16 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
200,Jenna Marie,"January 30, 2023","This game is definitely addicting, but it's so rigged it's not even funny. I've spent so much money trying to beat levels(which is exactly what they want you to do) that I'm upset at myself at this point. Because something always happens to where even MORE money is required to continue along. Unless you feel like waiting days or more for your lives to refill in order to pass certain levels. I think I'm done with this game. It's not even enjoyable any more. It's just frustrating.",12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
201,Anna xxx,"January 28, 2023","Very fun, indeed THE BEST match three out there, would highly recommend, only thing is is that you might find it annoying to run out of 'lives' if you were unable to complete a level. However this can easily be resolved by adding friends and asking for lives.",28 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
202,colin branton,"January 29, 2023","There is clearly flaws to the game, colour bombs exploding for no reason when they drop and not fall in any colour combo, also the exploding candy bomb doesn't fire much out or scattered enough and the fact that you can have loads of candy wheels yet can only use on selective levels is wrong they should be available on every level like other stuff is. Only gave it a 1 as not able to go lower",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
203,Kollen Tembo,"January 29, 2023","User friendly. I went through about 3 rounds. It looks like it might be addictive if one statrts concentrating too much on it. But it's good for small kids to keep them away from drugs. I wouldn't mind recommending it to friends, family, and colleagues. I am not sure if we have a similar sort of games that Will suite aged people like me. I would love to get recommendations for additional games of the same nature. I would like to congradulate the developers for smooth performance of their system.",20 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
204,Kauser Jafari,"January 30, 2023","Supeer mind blowing puzzle game. I like it. The matrix of the game needs review and rationalised, some times a nightmerishly hard level is cleared in first attempt without any booster and the other time a simple level needs a lot of work to do.۔۔۔.. However it is still a great fun.",175 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
205,Kayla Hampton,"February 6, 2023","Decided to download and play again after a year and it's still the same b.s. Stuck on a level that I can't pass, even with boosters, can't pass it! I also saw advertisements for this game, stating, this is a fun and relaxing game! Can someone say false advertisement! Ain't relaxing at all! In fact all it does is stress you out! Someone should sue! If I could rate this zero stars I would! Don't waste your time downloading! It's a pay to win game!",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
206,Pleasure Rhulani Mazive,"January 29, 2023","Very addictive game. Just wish that every time you finish a level and still have moves left, instead of using them as boosters at end of the level, they should be saved for the next one.",25 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
207,FrankJustinEmilyNicole McbrideBall,"January 28, 2023","Good game, I would have game 5 stars but it's hard to get gold, adds to get boosters, and you have to pay for most of the stuff. I think you shouldn't have to pay real money to get gold or boosters. Not have to pay 5 dollars for boosters on the nightmare/really hard levels. That's all I have to say, please do something about this! 🤧",10 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
208,derrick emma,"February 16, 2023","I love this game, am on level 4800something., what i hate is the intense difficult, you pretend to take a way stress from us but you literally add us stress, me failing a level almost 100times messes with my mental health, make things a little more realistic atleast a person can fail to complete a level with just the lack on one 2 or 4 moves, but 15moves yest the game requires 25 is just not right, fix you're selves king otherwise you'll be left to play your hard game",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
209,Tim Sheets,"January 26, 2023","A lot of the levels you make so hard you have no choice but to spend gold to continue, and in turn if you don't have it you must buy it. Making Candy Crush a pay to play game. I have one gold piece left and when that is gone I'll be done playing this and move on to the next game.",16 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
210,Geneva Simpson-Pena,"January 28, 2023","Pretty fun but way too easy to get stuck on a level. Always comes down to luck. Spent 3 days stuck on a level. Was considering spending money until I won with 0 moves left. Gives you powerups daily and in game currency can be won by winning races, but again, designed to make you spend money.",9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
211,Stephanie Knightly,"January 29, 2023","There's numerous times when watching ads that one freezes so I have to close the game and miss out on beating a level. Also the amount of notifications between levels is annoying. Overall just an average, ok game.",11 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
212,Alicia Jones,"January 26, 2023","The ads are beyond ridiculous. You shouldn't have to exit out of 72 pop-ups everytime you're on the map. My games are closing out mid game and if I'm listening to music while playing, it kicks me out of my level and reboots. I've also had ads play and nothing happens... Screen goes black or says no rewards",56 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
213,Prerna,"February 2, 2023","I'm going to uninstall this game soon. When the ads are coming, there were chances to go to next level. But I'm stuck at a level from past 15 days and also it's losing my interest in this game. I don't know why they've removed the ads but I don't like this update. Also I won't suggest this game to anyone anymore because it's losing my interest so I'm going to uninstall it.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
214,Nisey Sikes,"January 29, 2023","Frustrated with how expensive gold bars are 20 for $2.99 sometimes they might go on sale 20 bars for $1.99 ; funny how the boosters cost 19 gold bars for 3 just 3 boosters, and if you want 10 lollipop boosters are 59 gold bars so that's $9.00 for lollipops that will be used in approx 10 minutes. The spaceship is a waste when you use one and they throw wrapped candies when you don't need them. You can purchase 1 of those for $3.00. Weekly race went from 55 to 45 gold bars you could win. Greedy!",33 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
215,Malal Jahan,"January 31, 2023","This game is very addictive! I've been playing it 4 long time! But the game will decide for you when you can win, and it pushes you to buy gold for extra moves and makes it extra more harder when using booster candys, I'm tired of this s***t, not going to pay a dime, and not going to play!",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
216,Arlene Oskowski 310ozzie,"January 29, 2023","Obsessive..! But fun. And I still have a hard time turning it off! I do like the new options to win rewards! Still obsessive, but more fun than most candy games.Still need more 0options to earn rewards that do not require real cash?",38 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
217,martha masitsa,"January 27, 2023","The latest version is screwed up. I can't even play online as I used to, wish I never updated it. Imagine being in the middle of playing a nightmarishly hard level and the the the game just exits and mind you I've used the boosters that I'm not gonna get back. So frustrating 😤",15 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
218,Latrice Williams,"January 1, 2023",The game has some amazing level that are easy to solve with gaming hints to help you in starting off with. It does become a bit more challenging as you move forward long in the level to get pass and move forward to next challenging level. Their are a few glitches and freeze moments when trying to switch the candy piece.,44 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
219,Toleen Alqousini,"February 19, 2023","I love this game and it was doing all fine but, since a few days ago it keeps telling me that there is a server error and it logged me out of my account!! Although I have an excellent internet connection. I hope this problem is solved ASAP.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
220,Melanie Behlen,"January 26, 2023","Game is fun and all but I don't appreciate you drawing people in so hardly to buy things. Then when they do, they don't receive what they bought. I purchased a pack for an hour of unlimited hearts and I didn't get a single second. Disgraceful, I don't have money to just throw around, I have only a few dollars I can spend each month to spoil myself. :(",24 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
221,Holly Lanctot,"January 28, 2023","This game was always one of my favorites but I'm done now. Twice now after getting a new phone all of my progress was lost when I logged back in. Sure, I was a still on the same level I left off on. But my 500 gold bars are gone, my 1000 candy bombs, plus all my other options I can use to help with the game I had 100+ now gone, all my all my fisbies, hands and lollipops gone. All of the lives I had saved up from friends, gone. This is the second time it's happened after switching phones.",12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
222,Dee,"January 7, 2023","Everytime I complete a level,I have to exit the game completely in order to continue playing. There's no option of going to the next level after you complete the one you're playing. No next no skip no exit, nothing. It's been going on for quite some time now and it's getting annoying.",14 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
223,C.,"February 6, 2023","ETA Crashes during play, no cinema rewards, boosters & extra moves (+UFOs) now, ChocBox rewards changed, ridiculous. Rigged. Freezes at time to collect a reward, during CandyRoyale, ""server error"" collecting ChocBox rewards. Bomb does not get all the candy colours it is supposed to. Fish are different now, peck at useless or already cleared candies. Fantastic 5 removed for Weekly Contest that can't be opted out of to avoid the pop-ups. ""Level Objective"" pop-up freezes at times. Ugly graphics.",35 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
224,S Allen,"January 30, 2023","No longer fun. Playing against bots. Levels too hard to pass without boosters. Boosters harder to obtain. Too many glitches with app. Used to be a fun game. Not anymore...plus too many disgusting, inappropriate or political ads. What a turn off!","2,445 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
225,Susan Toro,"February 12, 2023","We get given extra lives to play on with the numerous attempts to play on, but the levels are limiting moves each level, so difficult to complete. We cannot play on with the additional lives! As a player of many years I still hAppy to see the adverts to play on but boosters are dodgy as! They don't play their part correctly! I should be entitled to play when I want. I did not realise we needed parental control for adulting.",72 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
226,Tracy Dyster,"December 29, 2022","Total rubbish. Boring, repetitive and obviously fixed. Some levels are impossible to pass and, miraculously, you pass. It is Not based on skill or logic. And the music is awful. Had to turn that off. Also ads are repetitive and often crash you out of game.",48 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
227,Chloe Shipsides,"January 10, 2023","Absolutely awful game. I spent some of my Google play credit to buy some gold bars, and somehow, by doing that, it null and voids every ""special"" or opportunity to complete the levels. My family are able to complete the levels by watching 3 videos.. I don't even have the option.. Absolute JOKE! Uninstall.",82 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
228,Margaret Smith,"January 25, 2023",Love trying to outplay the other players. It is getting more difficult but often I get a surprise by winning. It is getting more difficult at some levels and when I accidently win I am so excited. I'm always disappointed when I run out of plays and I am closed out of the session until I can play again.,120 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
229,Mick,"February 3, 2023","What is the point of writing a game that gets so difficult and unplayable 🤷 There is no point, no enjoyment when being forced to play out the same level over and over. I'd rather pull my own toenails out. For that reason I've uninstalled it just like millions of others.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
230,Carrie Vaughn (Dreams),"December 30, 2022",Add Videos always freeze your phone and won't show its just a black screen so you have to force close it and start again. Only reason I have this game now it was on my new phone when I got it. I have loved it and played it a lot but with the videos crashing my phone every 3 minutes it's gotten impossible to actually play. I'm about to Uninstall it.,47 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
231,Tamara Williams,"January 5, 2023",I love the Events tab because it provides multiple chances to win different boosters. I also enjoy the new candies that are added at different levels. Some levels are very difficult but if you use boosters then you can win and progress to the next level. Plus there have great deals on the Shop tab if you want to buy more boosters and other items.,86 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
232,Emily Thompson,"January 2, 2023","Game itself is great. Had ad feature to earn extras that kept me playing. As soon as I finally paid some money, I lost the feature. Looked into this and countless others claim the same thing, but King claims ads are ""experimental"" still 🤨 and it's just random. Awful weird coincidence...Anyway fun game, just don't waste your money or you will be stuck paying for any extras...",40 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
233,Catoria S,"January 23, 2023",Gotta pay to enjoy your play! I thoroughly enjoy this game but it would be much better if your skill got you boosts and the levels had more reasonable move amounts. It gets frustrating to use the bars then magically pass the level a move or 2 later. I am going to have to stop playing so much because REAL MONEY is used to make the game enjoyable most of the time! To have the bars put into the piggy bank then have to pay to get them out is frustrating too! I understand profit but chaching!!,34 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
234,Darren Pynn,"January 3, 2023","The best part about this game was uninstalling it. It shouldn't take 100 or more tries to complete a level, which is what happens when you get further along. I have no issues with developers making money off the game, but this is a pay to play game as you can't pass certain levels without paying money for boosters or taking weeks to get the right tiles to drop. This game is not fun or relaxing, it's frustrating and a blatant pay to win scheme in my opinion.",65 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
235,arti kathuria,"January 3, 2023","The ads which give you free boosters are bogus. Even after watching the ads you don't get the boosters. When you click on the cross after the ad is finished the booster is not given. Thinking to uninstall the game. They need to clear the bug, has been a persistent problem since long.",42 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
236,Gwendolyn Robertson,"December 31, 2022","Used to like and play a lot. Stop when game freezes, start again when I think it's improved. Well, game froze once again trying to use bars to extend play. Had to get out and go back in, lost bars and play. Tired of the cheating. Won't be back.",20 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
237,SAS,"January 17, 2023","Hmmm.. I've come to a realisation the explosive types of candy's pop on there own without making a connection, I think it's strategy for the game developers to make money from you, in order for you to purchase. So I made a small 2.99 purchase and then I've lost the free rewards and benefits of playing this game but now I'm getting all these pop up offers for me to make purchases more not only that losing more lives as well. So I don't think you should buy any credits, it's a scam.",541 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
238,Zita Holló,"December 22, 2022","Love the game but i notied 2 bugs: when mixing power pops, before i could receive it, it gives server error with message that the server couldnt be contacted... Other bug: when finishing a level successfully, after all the summaries, the screen freezes with the girl and i cant click next, so i have to close the whole app to go to the next level... Could u check these? ❤️",105 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
239,Chintel Murphy,"December 22, 2022","I have always liked candy crush and this one is no exception! Fun stages and graphics, nice challenges and interactions with other players. I recommend playing for a fun experience! Im playing within the mode earn app that allows me to earn points for playing this game, & many others, for charging my phone, unlocking my phone, and listening to music for gift cards & more, so its really a win-win situation!",171 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
240,J T,"December 24, 2022","If you have no moves left and then you go for extra moves at the end of your level, the ad freezes up and then you have to back out or shut down app, you then lose progress in your game!! Happened at LEAST 10 times so far. VERRRRY ANNOYING!!!!!!!!!!",22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
241,Elizabeth Stewart,"January 6, 2023",Edit 1/26/23: you can now turn off hints. Much better. Old review: Not being able to turn off the hints is annoying. They come up too quickly after you play. Often times they are the best move available. Doesnt leave room for strategy.,73 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
242,Michele Chirikas-Miller,"January 2, 2023","Love the game but definitely issues. Like not one cherry dropping on level 1346 which requires you to drop 2 cherries. Lost all my perks and had to lose the level to get past the stupid level. Then checked on support and turns out, lots of people have the same issue on other levels as well! So ANNOYED!!",23 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
243,Kathy Misovetz,"January 15, 2023",I am on game 5076 however at around 5040 at the end of each game I cannot access any of the options for additional moves. No way to use gold bars or watch videos for extra moves. Only choice is to end game as contacting play store option justs keep spinning. Extremely difficult to win without extra moves and very frustrating when you only need one more move.,112 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
244,Pius Perry Ervin,"December 21, 2022","It's very nice 👍, but in some of the levels, there should be free boosters, as in Hard, Super Hard and Nightmarishly Hard levels. Also, in episode races, especially, the gold bars for each place should be much more than any annoying 1 or 5, where only the first place gets 40 and something. And in weekly races, gold bars, much gold bars, should be rewarded for the first to third place. Again, seriously speaking, level 305 is 'unbeatable' without magic and those in-app purchase with real money.",333 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
245,Luk Mayme,"December 24, 2022","I've been playing candy crush 9or 10years. I loved this game,but not anymore. It's suck. The levels are more difficult and only few moves and can't earn free gold bar anymore. I used more than 4k gold bar to finish the levels. I guess this game just telling me stop playing it. It's impossible to win one level.",37 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
246,Dorothy Gethers,"January 19, 2023","I'm totally disappointed and frustrated with this app. When I play this game and don't complete the level it doesn't give me the option to use my coins or receive boosters. The circle just goes around and around, buffing. Every time I play this game it repeatedly does the same thing, over and over again. Don't want to uninstall the app but I'm so discussed with this app.",25 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
247,-I s s y-,"January 25, 2023","I like this game but there are too many hard levels that take ages to finally crack mixed in with levels that I have no idea what I did but I blitzed it first go. I am not prepared to keep buying the ""easy out"" options so it a slow process to progress! I really like the game but it is not user friendly for those that don't want to keep buying sweets to be able to keep playing.",33 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
248,Ruth Marks,"January 14, 2023","I love this game, I got a new tablet & transferred it over, but I don't seem to get bonuses like other people. I know someone and they get options to watch videos to get lives, also options to watch videos to get extra moves, if you fail a level. I keep checking for updates.",9 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
249,Charlie Milsom,"January 17, 2023","Android , no Fab 5, no videos, not updated for over a month, no way to win extra moves, no episode race for awhile, can't complete more than 2 chocolate boxes, levels so hard with so few moves, no sweet surprise. What is the point in candy royale and season pass if you are stuck for weeks on one level It has just got worse.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
250,Lynnece Henry,"December 21, 2022",Yo this game is awesome. It helps me slip away from the hustle and bustle. It also gives me small victories. Four stars because the pay options always pops up. I wish after I exited out the first time that's it for the whole game. The ads of course are tiresome but sometime could be a great infomercial. Level 208 I gotta go finish a race. 20 golden bars! 🤣🤪😎,43 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
251,Nomusa Chibambo,"December 17, 2022","I've been playing Candy Crush for years but I no longer play it as much unless I'm extremely bored... Levels are ridiculously hard and can't be beat without either purchasing extra gold bars or boosters... I've been stuck on levels for literally weeks... And in cases where you're about to win, suddenly there's no matching candies that you need in the area to complete the task... This game is rigged and now a money making scheme 🙄",38 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
252,Koleoso Tunde,"December 18, 2022","I hope this gets to the developers though. Please give us simpler options to purchase moves after a failed level, such as, we shouldn't necessarily have to use 10 gold bars to buy 5 moves, why not include 3 gold bars for 1 move, 5 gold bars for 2 moves etc. Because some levels will require just one move to wrap it up but you must buy 5 moves with 10 gold bars when all you need is just 1 more move. Please see to this. Thanks in anticipation.",94 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
253,KAYIWA BENEDICTO,"January 5, 2023","The best game I've ever played. So challenging but interesting. I'm only dissatisfied by the latest update where you've limited the number of lives from friends I can accept per day. This decision is too harsh and unfair. Actually it makes the game so boring, look I can can get stuck on a level for about a week. Remember there's a limited number of lives every after 30 mins interval I get one life. Now the only possible way to get extra lives is to ask for help from friends.",49 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
254,Dominque Garland,"January 6, 2023","Terrible. All the way on level 1677, and I keep getting stuck on a level for a week then finally pass the level, go to the next level fine, then the level after that stuck for another week.........ridiculous and annoying. I understand it should be challenging because you're on higher levels but it doesn't mean make me stuck on a level for a week..well unless I pay money for boosters.",32 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
255,roro Tay,"January 12, 2023","Hello,. You are give me 20 bars and some giftI can't see it why? something wrong? I lose the level because I need one shoot to win no help. No one needs to play with lying. The most important thing is when you are given any opportunity to succeed, give it honestly, you play on the players you stop playing one at expense of another, and this is what!! I noticed, and this indicates that you will lose a lot.thanks for your support 😱😠",19 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
256,Sujit Bhowmik,"January 10, 2023",This is my favourite game for ever... New updated version is also very much better than first one.. One things that some levels are very much harder.. So if A person played a same level more then 100 times then you should change this level otherwise some people get angry and will delete this game 🎮.. Thanks a lot whole the management group.. only one request please tell me how much level are there in totality... I want to know it..,42 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
257,Amanda Tucker,"December 15, 2022","DO NOT spend money on this game. They have options to watch videos to get boosters and extra moves, but AS SOON as you spend money (including $0.99 from Google rewards) they take you off that list and it becomes nearly impossible to continue playing without spending more money. Absolutely ridiculous. After 3k levels, and now I am ready to walk away from the game because of this. They certainly won't be getting more cash, and now they won't be getting income from my video watches either.",28 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
258,Debra Grimm,"January 22, 2023","I absolutely love this game but have mixed feelings about the recent addition of optional ads in exchange for extra moves or other bonuses. It's nice to have the 2nd chance to complete a level, but the extra time expended can be problematic for those who of us who don't have good self-control about when to stop playing!",145 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
259,Sandra Wessman,"January 13, 2023","I still love this game! This is my go to game. I love the challenge! Update 02/06/2022 I'm still playing the game almost daily. I still find it challenging, the developers did a wonderful job creating these levels. Highly recommend if you just need to Pass time or if you want to do something quiet on your lunch. Because you can play it on your phone or the computer, this game is at your fingertips no matter where you are. I'm off to go crush the more candy😁 Oh and you can play offline also.",583 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
260,baby fan,"January 3, 2023","Not fun anymore! Since they have limited the game to 20 lives a day, it is just impossible to pass the higher up harder levels. Some of us can't play all day when the 5 lives are full. Then when you ""win"" a timed bonus or such its a waste if you jabe already played your 20 lives. Most of the higher levels (I'm at 12,565) takes days and way more than 20 lives to pass. I used to be a die hard fan since the day the game was released but I've found myself not playing as much anymore.",25 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
261,Dorothy Hazen,"January 13, 2023",I have been playing candy crush saga for 8 years and at first it was complicated but now I know from experience how to pass each level. At level 4000 it gets extremely hard but still know how to beat levels. This game is on my bucket list and I will complete it. I am on level 4501. Love this game so much although once you get to level 4000 plan on spending money through the rest of the game! I still love this game!,179 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
262,P C,"December 23, 2022","Pretty much garbage. Would be fine if it didn't strongarm you into purchasing/earning gold bars after which it occasionally erases all of the gold bars you've saved up over years. Not a complete waste of time and effort and sometimes money, but close to it.",32 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
263,M S,"December 28, 2022","I believe many people would appreciate the lowering of bars to continue playing or being able to purchase items. Also, the algorithms attempt to force you to purchase boosters to pass. You used to do a much better job when it wasn't like this to use it relax. Maybe it would be good to also make it easier for a post to be posted so it isn't an issue.""Code"": 403, ""Exception"": ""Invalid CSRF token. Please try again."", ""Class"": ""Gdn_UserException"" }",23 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
264,Elizabeth Sheets,"January 10, 2023",I've been stuck on level 240 for 2 weeks. I shouldn't have to spend more money on the app then I do to pass a level. Some of the videos I watch they start out with 20 moves but now on the game it's 15 moves. I really like the game but I almost want to not play it anymore bcuz I'm tired of being stuck on the same level,25 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
265,Janet Smith,"January 16, 2023","I bought a new phone saved my game to my memory card, played it with no problems then this morning get on to play says I have to agree to new terms. I agreeed. When it opened it started me from level 1. I was on level 3 thousand and something. Why didn't it save like it says it will? Not happy with starting over!!!!!!😡😡😡",8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
266,Kyle Young,"December 21, 2022","This game used to be a blast. Clearly they don't care about the old school players experience. They have turned this game into an ad generating machine. They get paid for this. If the only reason a level is ""super hard"" is because you give us 12 moves total, under we see right through you and your desperate ploys to earnt more cheddar. Thanks for ruining a once enjoyable game. I literally spend more time watching ads to stay alive than I do playing the actual game. Uninstall looking good 👍",22 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
267,sensei,"January 7, 2023","They do this thing now (that they didn't before) where they make the later levels so impossible that it's essentially them trying to force you to buy extras for real money. It's such an underhanded way for a company to make money. I'm fine with watching ads, and would've been ok with buying extras on my own accord. But this just ain't it. I want to win these levels through my own skill but forcing me into a corner isn't fun. If things don't change, I don't see myself playing this much longer.",19 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
268,Aladdin Aboul Hawa,"January 16, 2023","Almost Impossible to win unless you purchase stickers, or gold bars to buy extra moves or lives. After updating to The latest version the game begin to crash, stop and freeze. I'm thinking to uninstall it for good. It's becoming frustrating and addicting.",22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
269,ester li robet,"December 15, 2022","Been playing this game for few years now. I really love this games. Its a relaxing game ,and a great time killer.. but the latest music theme for this game is really disappointing and kinda boring.Dear developer,please return back the original music of Candy Crash. I miss the 'sugar crush' man sound,always lifted me up everytime i've pass each level.",24 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
270,Sam Cassidy,"December 26, 2022","Too many pop ups for challenges, and the challenges are all timed while the game is not, so casual players lose out on most chances to win prizes. But the worst is how little moves you get for each puzzle. It's like candy crush wants you to fail every level until you spend money on boosters. Trash model.",59 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
271,alysha kant,"December 25, 2022","Only good if playing on one device... Got a new phone and logged in as they tell you you should be able to log in and play on any device... all my prizes, candy bombs, gold bars... Everything gone. Got more again and the app wouldn't update so I uninstalled and reinstalled and everything is gone again.. I had 10 gold bars, ten of each power up, it sucks..",29 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
272,Sheila Koire,"December 28, 2022",Screw it!! I have been competing and winning the weekly contest but I haven't gotten any rewards for the past two weeks!! Can't just put my efforts into the contest every time and I don't get any rewards twice!!!! For crying out loud update the game or something to fix these faults😠,24 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
273,Maja Periša,"January 19, 2023","Been playing one level for a day straight, with all the boosts and everything and can't pass. Ridiculous. 'Swipe the stress away.' Yeah right. You get life or boosters for 30 minutes, but it lasts shorter. Some boosters don't do a thing, just explode. Don't recommend.",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
274,harrison1012,"January 4, 2023","Making some levels virtually impossible so you have to go through every single life, use all of your gold so it demands money for a refill that may or may not help, and curse out the fish for hitting everything but the actual target it should be hitting until the game decides to show mercy and actually let you pass it does not make for a fun time.",16 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
275,N Morris,"January 5, 2023","Less about skill, more about the size of your wallet! Starts off fun, but it gets to the point where levels can only be completed by one of three things: A Fluke, Multiple Advert Watching or Paying (or a combination of all three). Time to uninstall!",21 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
276,Corissa,"January 22, 2023","This game used to be fun to play, but since I have been in the higher levels, I often run out of levels. I have to wait for the developers to create more. When they do, they only offer a few moves and are very difficult to pass. Also, now the game is trying to FORCE me to play with a ""crew."" I hate that! I literally can not go further until I choose my crew! I like to play the game on my own. I don't want to be forced into teams or competitions! I refuse to play unless they make some changes",23 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
277,Veronica Thomas,"January 6, 2023",The game used to be fun but not anymore. Im even regret updating it 🙃. I shouldn't have done that lol. I've been stuck on the same level for 3 days... no ads to help me hint the level as it used to be. You gotta do something about it. I've been playing this game for 6 years now. But never experienced something like this. I'm even thinking about deleting it bcoz it's no longer swipe my stress away. But it stresses me a way more now 😫. I hate it,14 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
278,Raoul Turra (zeroco),"December 30, 2022",IT WAS A NICE APP SINCE YEARS. I could start from scratch after reaching level 350 to 650 with spending 1 or 2 $ . Really relaxing and a good game. Now the developers have changed the game significantly.. before reaching level 80 the game becomes difficult and won't let me finish the levels. Now I hate it .. 😒 .. it makes me nervous that the game has changed .. thank you developers.. good work and I don't want to play this game again .. it was just for fun for me but its stressful..,72 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
279,Dominique Carbaugh,"January 22, 2023","Have been playing for years and still not bored. Always new challenges, just wish there were some new combos to make. Also, reward boosters should not be combinations you can make yourself on a level. Overall though, really do enjoy this game.",35 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
280,Tracy C,"January 15, 2023","I do enjoy playing Candy Crush Saga though sometimes I feel the hard levels require you either play the same level a few days or buy boosters in order to win. I don't want all the levels to be super easy to win, but you have to have patience or $$ to pass some levels.",15 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
281,Dawn Marie,"January 2, 2023","I've been playing for YEARS! have put some $ into this game. I'm getting tired of the game cheating, not being able to clear levels unless you buy specials. I've redeemed a reward and never received it. Sent an email and received one back asking to clear cache and stuff. I did all that, sent an email back and no response,still haven't received my Sapphire reward and its been 4 days.",20 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
282,parminder brarkkp,"January 7, 2023",This game is not good anymore I've been playing this game for years but after level 9000 this game doesn't seem to send ingredients any more. I was on level 9012 and had only 1 ingredient left to bring down with 15 moves left. I used up all the moves but ingredient didn't show even I used 10 coins to get extra moves but still no ingredient. I had to give up and start again to clear the level. Same happened at level 9077. Looks this game wants me use up all the coins and pay to buy more. Scam,14 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
283,armand briers,"December 12, 2022","The game was so addictive and fun, but after some uodates the levels became impossible to beat. And also if you want to beat them you have to buy boosters or gold bars otherwise you will never pass a level.. That is why i will uninstall the game and not play anymore.",50 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
284,Catherine,"January 20, 2023",Once you hit level 500 you have to spend money to get to the next level. I am on level 850 it is impossible to move forward without money. You only have 1 opportunity to achieve gold bars and it to is slum pickens and if you get bars it is only 1. Not worth playing at high levels.,34 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
285,I'm bad at Drawing,"December 20, 2022","I noticed this when I watch an ads for free moves the game crash,lags,and freezes don't know why but it's making my phone on and off sometimes it shutdown and drain my battery to 0% I kinda surprised of this bug leaving my phone freezing for a minute but in the plus side the game game improve a lot I must say king really bring so much fun when it's comes to update/improving the game hope you keep the good job making more legendary games like ""CANDY CRUSH"".",48 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
286,Elanea Puzak,"January 15, 2023","Fun game. Sometimes when watching an ad to get booster to continue level, it will go to the app store even tho I never pressed it and I end up losing the level anyway. Some levels take days to win, overall good game but can be frustrating",8 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
287,Delia Jamison,"December 18, 2022","New edit: Forget everything I've previously said. This game is absolutely dreadful! For the last two days, I've lost so much progress and winning streaks that now I'm more than upset!!! I was on a winning streak of 125 straight wins when i was kicked out of the game buying gold bars. Lost my streak instantly. Now, it just happened again after a 12 game streak! I'm done!!!",56 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
288,piyush kher,"January 23, 2023","I used to love this game but now it has become a very worst game. You can cross any level whenever you want, otherwise you will stuck in single level for 5-6 days. In race othe player can clear 200 levels but you cant clear single level. More worst thing is they dont bother aboit your comment.",17 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
289,Lawrence Coffey,"January 6, 2023",I've played this game for years and now if I receive a reward the game just closes and I have to start the same level over again. Five times in a row within an hour. Much more aggravation and it won't be worth playing at all. Fix your last update !!!!!,11 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
290,L Diamondz,"January 21, 2023","Love the game. Hate the updates. I check 4 updates regularly, but never get the new version as stated in the description. It's supposed to have the Pot'o Gold challenge, right? I don't have it. I don't even have the Winter version of the game, yet. I only get 10% of all challenges, EVER. No way to get gold bars, like others do. It's not my device. I checked in King Community and did everything suggested. Why do you have these updates and challenges if everyone doesn't get them? It's not fair.",25 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
291,Liz Pfaunmiller-Weaver,"December 15, 2022","Fun and classic game. What's gotten really annoying, though, is the multiple, non-optional event popups!!! (Races, holiday events, etc.) It would be great if there was a way to just play the game itself and make the events optional",24 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
292,Christel Colville,"January 15, 2023","It was a fun match 3 game but I have gotten to an unbeatable level & now I just play my 5 lives within 5 minutes & I leave. However, I do like on the other Candy Crush game where you can watch an ad for more turns or watch an ad for more lives. This game/version doesn't have those features & that's sad. :( Uninstalling now.",70 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
293,Michelle Parsons,"December 28, 2022","I have just started p,aging the game again and now I know why I stop. When the app gives me problems to where I can't get to the store and I have did everything and still nothing. I have delete the app and reinstall it but the last time this had Tobe done I lost everything I had and start over. If I need to do this again than I will not reinstall since I lost my stuff again. Hope this can be fixed so no one has the same problem.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
294,Sarah flowers,"January 14, 2023",You definitely need to spend real money on this game! (money I don't have and money I'm not willing to spend on a game) Imagine spending real money on a game no thank you!! I already spend too much time stuck on the same level! If my time can't get me to progress you definitely not getting my money! EVER! Because of this it gets rather boring and frustrating! In a nutshell if you fine with repeating the same level over 20 times then I guess this is the game for you lolzzz!,7 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
295,Susan Baker,"January 23, 2023","While I really enjoy the game, however purchasing from it is extremely problematic. Been good while since making in app purchase and unfortunately things have not improved. Money taken off card, yet the game crashed and I've not got what I paid for. Can't get through to support, as Kings website doesn't open that page. Giving up. The amount was not large, just won't do that again. Think before you buy anything here.",41 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
296,Maria Simmons,"January 2, 2023","I'm really enjoying Candy Crush Saga. I love the colourful interface. Truly fabulous graphics. Game play is straight forward with a manageable addition of challenge to keep you hooked. Many moons ago I downloaded the 'Original' ""Candy Crush"" But to be honest I tend to lean towards 'Word Games' However, this game is fun, interactive, and well worth making the exception to the rule. So kudos to the development team. It's understandable why Candy Crush Saga has had such longevity. It's a Classic.",62 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
297,Tristan K,"December 16, 2022","Fun but the constant promos and clutter of the menus is frustrating, it's not fun to finish a level and then close down a myriad of windows just to play next level. Fun game, cluttered and overly busy menus. It imposes itself on you, just let me crush candy. Also cheap cash grabs galore.",17 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
298,malavika U S Gowda,"January 24, 2023","This is the worst game i ever played, am at 678 th level where i was in the race i had to complete this level to get the rewards of the race so I used almost 100 gold bars to get extra moves because I wasn't getting that berries 🍒 only one berry had to fall but I was very disappointed i lost all my gold bars also rewards and i don't even get to see ads",32 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
299,Ellen Bennett,"December 13, 2022","Was good until today when I discovered the landscape mode was removed,too hard to play now having a small play area on a tablet with bad eyesight, I was enjoying being back playing this game and didn't mind spending 20 dollars a fortnight , but now i5s impossible, I can play the game without it being landscape so I will move on and find another gamete replace it,10 maybe 12 years down the gurglar",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
300,Patrick Stahl,"December 18, 2022","Candy Crush Saga is a really popular game and I would love the game better if the original candy drop sound effects, Striped, Wrapped and Color bomb sound effects were back. These new ones are just boring (and saying that I am not from the UK, I'm American). Please add back the original sound effects. Thank You. To, King From, Patrick",20 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
301,Cluse Kids,"January 17, 2023","I love this game. The levels can get hard at times, but they are very fun to solve. Although, I just wish the sound track sounded more like how it used to sound. This sound track sounds, well... a little weaker. But overall it's it's very fun.",7 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
302,R,"January 13, 2023","I have downloaded this game several times at various intervals because it's the best game so far. Besides, it doesn't have ads that are cumbersome. Excellent game that presents a challenge as you cross each level.",34 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
303,Sandy Myers,"January 18, 2023","As much as I like Candy Crush Saga it has become overkill. Too much on one plate. I don't like the other Candy Crush games you have because they are very childish and its the same thing on every level. No real competition with them and that is boring. Also, I don't think you should be in charge of when we use our stuff and what we use on some levels. Some levels don't even allow us to choose any. Why is that?","1,297 people found this review helpful",4,candy_crush
304,Gary Woodford,"January 20, 2023",When a game cannot be won without purchasing boosters you frustrate gamers. Playing the same level dozens of time eliminates all enjoyment. I've now given up on Candy Crush Saga as the only way to advance is to buy boosters. I got drawn into it and spent far more than the game is worth. No more! I'll try my luck but will never pay again.,14 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
305,Shahzad Ahmed,"December 14, 2022",Game is just awesome. But one thing is that the new sounds are not that much good as of previous sounds. Previous sounds in male voice were simply awesome and enjoying. But the new one are not. I suggest the team to give the user an option to select the sounds he like while playing candy crush.,23 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
306,Brandon Barr,"January 17, 2023",Makes you stuck on a level for weeks. Very excessive and makes me not want to play as much. Fast forward a month later and I'm uninstalling this pathetic game. I'm not paying for stupid boosters on EVERY single level to be able to win. This game did not used to be like this. Ever since inflation this game has SUCKED. I'd rather have ads and be able to win levels than to have no ads and not win. This game SUCKS.,10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
307,Heather Vieira,"January 10, 2023","So much fun, and very addictive. Well, if you win that is. It's pretty frustrating when you don't get a good board and you don't win and you have no gold bars to keep going. There should be tasks or missions that give them out in the game. Not just you have to buy them. Still a very fun game though!",21 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
308,Rachel Loveless,"January 18, 2023","I'm having a difficult time signing in to my ""Royalty"" rewards. Have had trouble ever since it was added into the game. I have rewards waiting that I cannot collect. Seems unfair that I have made in app purchases, but now can't claim my rewards. Totally sucks that I spend money only to lose rewards.",4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
309,Pantelis Michael,"January 10, 2023","Very difficult levels sometimes with not a lot of boosters! I use to play for fun, but some levels are very difficult and don't let you continue. That makes the game very boring instead of fun and enjoyable!",21 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
310,Paul Mackley,"January 12, 2023","Screen control seems to be a bit vague, often reacting to one side of physical contact. Sensitivity often zero at grid edge adjacent candies, making items in play impossible to move. Having said that, this is a fun, stimulating and addictive game. Would advise playing in short stints as it can be quite frustrating and mentally fatiguing.",26 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
311,Theresa Rehder,"February 12, 2023",The bombs are terrible. Sometimes we have to use all of moves chasing them. The game is to help us relax. Sometimes you try to set yourself up for a great move and the game robs you of that move.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
312,Road to Library,"February 13, 2023",I really enjoy playing candy crush..but I would be very happy if you update it with the remaining moves used for later stages.. according to the stock in the app .. If I am left with some moves in a particular stage.. kindly make an update to use them whenever I need them in any other stage.. Thank you..,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
313,Genny Hodgman,"December 22, 2022","I would give it a 0 if I could. The game is not what used to be. You guys are setting the game up to fail to purchase boosts. Also, I have noticed more than once when a match is made after making the last move attempt, you don't count it. I'm done.",14 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
314,olabisi eniola,"February 15, 2023",Amazing😘... But the hard and super hard levels are more than the normal levels😡. Sometimes I spend a weeks and more to finish one super hard level which is not making sense.,0,4,candy_crush
315,Donna Lavender,"February 9, 2023","Can't get ahold of anyone to explain my problem. Last update was March 12, 2021. Need to speak with someone as all updates have been done. 2/9/23 still don't have my 10100 screens back and my password does not work any longer. Ready to call it quits. Got took !!!",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
316,Milena Orduna,"February 18, 2023",This game is no longer fun. Passing hard levels is impossible without boosters and those are available for a price. Deleting the game. King became greedy and ruined a good thing.,0,1,candy_crush
317,Nabeel Ahmed,"December 20, 2022","Game is fun, but it seems. They make it too hard so they can force user to subscribe or watch ads to get extra chance. It rediculas sometimes when three colors on pairs and the chance is end. Just to push user - stay on the levels till weeks. ;(",13 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
318,Ms Carol bullock,"February 13, 2023",Playing candy crush has been so good it's so relaxing & the rewards at worth it even without the rewards it's the most delightful game I have never had so much fun in playing a game over just a few weeks IV become more rewarded and I most definitely recommend this app to whoever loves to relax injoy the rewards and new adventures and even joining new friends 💯👍,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
319,Luke Anning,"February 4, 2023","The most relaxing game ever. Like the free stuff and the changes from time to time Addictive. Just gets better and better as you go along. Get it!!! New boosters too, changes every week.! Can't wait for more updates and new levels!! Have a go.!! Races are fun too!!",66 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
320,Donald Intemann,"January 29, 2023",When I got my new phone I don't know if I uploaded candy crush or it was already on it. But there were two. Thinking it was just two of the same I played on the one as I always did. One day I picked the other one and must have got an advance version. It did not play the same and I need to know far into the game was I. I tried to play the game a few times but couldn't figure it out. Sence then it has disappeared and I didn't get the level.,18 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
321,Judy Isenberg,"February 17, 2023",I'm exstreamly upset. I paid 10 bars to continue my game. I was on a winning streak. Had all the boosters and winning more. Then it didn't continue my winning streak. It wasn't excepting my gold bars. I lost my gold bars plus boosters. I am really upset. I have spent hundreds of dollars in the past on this game. It bothers me how I've been ripped off,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
322,Linda White,"December 28, 2022",Game runs choppy on some levels. Thank you for adding the ability to slide the pieces instead of clicking. I would give it a5 but you aren't giving me the 50 gold bars now. I'm done playing it - uninstalling it.,26 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
323,Aries Constantine,"February 15, 2023","I love this game & how addictive it is. I have been a fan since the original. But if there's 1 thing I really, truly hate is when you have a piggy bank full of gold bars but you can't use them. You're forced to spend money & buy something that you already won. That's bs & makes me wanna uninstall.",2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
324,Defiant McGyver,"January 20, 2023","Yeah I'd give this rigged garbage a 0 star rating if I could. Clearly OVERLY monetized. Sure first hundred levels are fine, but says this is only worth playing for a few months. If that. ""Time to Relax""? Naw. Time get get fkd over is more like it. When even ""easy"" levels are designed to win by boost if your lucky, really? I got better chances at casinos.",324 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
325,David Smallwood,"January 21, 2023","I am on level 12883 now but I think I have had enough. I got to this level without spending any money and without watching any adverts I could not tell you what they are, but I am absolutely fed up with these long adverts (20/30 Seconds) . No longer an enjoyable game. A 5 second advert is sufficient if people are interested they will open the ad.",19 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
326,Victoria Ann Norris,"December 30, 2022","Easy but challenging fun colorful levels The only thing is when I completed a quest im not rewarded the perks, rather I have to buy them!? :( that's BOGUS OFFER at least 1/2 the awards or a blind pick one card AFTER COMPLETING the Challenge contest or quest! VERY DISSAPOINTING on that point. PLEASE FIX THIS. Ty for your time n consideration to the Team n its writers and/ or developers.",15 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
327,Olivia,"January 12, 2023",It's gotten to a point where its not fun or relaxing anymore. Theres 2 easy levels and then a hard one that you have to try 20+ times to beat. This is of course done to get people to pay money.,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
328,Sangeeta Slawson,"January 14, 2023","I give this 3 -4 stars. It's good for relaxing. You go through episodes to pass levels. Lots of free lives, candies and gold bars can be won for free. There are adverts to watch to earn extra moves or candies. But, I can't turn the ads sound off. And, very recently the new ads have been inappropriate. Im seeing ads for puzzles, showing images of poor kids with sound effects of crying, adults in pain. And Ads that are simply gambling games to earn cash. Please Take these ads down.",12 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
329,Naylea Nyxhlios,"January 30, 2023","Relaxing game my a$$. Game sucks, challenges 👎🏼 They'll just keep offering you to buy boosters package and gold as you keep increasing lvl. Had to buy some boosters offered to me just to pass some lvl. When there's no lives to play or retry, It made me feel the 'need' to buy for gold just to pass the lvl. As far as I keep playing, I must say that this thing isn't keeping me chill. The more I play, the more retarded I become. Nah uh. Not worth for every single cents I'd spent.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
330,Patrick Zeczycki,"December 20, 2022","The algorithm still makes things so difficult to win, that you feel more of a desire to purchase items. Of course they encourage you to purchase stuff, at every chance they get, and make it as easy as possible to purchase. Why wouldn't you? Good job!",27 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
331,Cecilia Coetzer,"January 8, 2023",I wish I could give less than one star. It's quite enjoyable at first but the further you go in the game the more money you have to spend on boosters. It's frustrating and some levels are just impossible to pass if you don't spend money. I'm deleting this game as it's not at all relaxing anymore. Not recommended if you don't have a lot of money to spend.,11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
332,Aleksandra Atanacković,"February 13, 2023","When you com on 350+ level, you are stuck there for week. No way to pass out without money. For extra boost you must seen ad non stop. I have never seen free life from friends. 2 stars only because the game is super relaxed on the beginning.",0,2,candy_crush
333,Wikked Lo,"January 24, 2023",I've watched ads to continue the game the 3 to get the extra moves and the blasting thing and it kicks me back to the phone screen and loses my progress I'm done with this game I guess I'll Play something else that won't keep losing my win streak it's sad because I love this game unfortunately I'm not going to keep losing everything after watching 3 ads not worth the download or even playing,56 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
334,Oluwasemilore Alabi,"February 13, 2023",The game is fun and interesting and there are lots of events and challenges which makes it more fun but the reason I'm giving four stars is because I think friends should be able to share gold bars the way we are able to share lives.,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
335,Adam Perez,"February 7, 2023",The game is good but it isn't relaxing it's stressful. They say swipe away the stress but it's stressful. They minipulate the moves deciding when you win the game with the candy that is droped. Taking away your chance of wining so u can spend money on gold. ITS ROBERY!!!,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
336,John Jenkins,"October 17, 2022","I have reached level 3880 of this mostly enjoyable game. For the last week however, it has become extremely frustrating. On the Candy Royale challenge where you have to win 7 levels in a row at the first attempt, and if you do you share a whole load of gold bars, after each level when you tap to continue, the screen freezes for ages. I have to switch off for about half an hour then go back. This keeps happening on every single level. Please try to get this fixed.","4,380 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
337,Christopher Paffrath,"November 21, 2022","Ad not available... It's getting old watching a 30 second video and then at the end it tells you ""Ad not available "" and no reward. I've been on the same level for awhile, I'll probably just uninstall and move on. Ok, this game is great, they do help you pass levels without paying. Problem now is, I've been playing a hard level and it took a while to pass. I finally passed, won the level. Now I'm stuck playing the level again. I don't want to deal with it again.","6,234 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
338,Heidi Hull,"October 17, 2022","Overall a fun game. But once you get into more of the ""nightmarishly hard levels,"" they become almost impossible to beat. You have limited moves and need extra boosters to win, and even then that's not a sure win. After EVERY level, an ad comes up to get more boosters, but for real money. You have to refresh the app to bypass the ad. Essentially you have to buy your way into winning the harder levels, which defeats the point of a free game.","4,357 people found this review helpful",3,candy_crush
339,C J,"November 17, 2022","Just okay...This game can be fun at times, but sometimes levels are quite challenging and difficult to pass, without boosters. However, the most recent annoyance is the weird vibration 📳 during game play. Hopefully you'll add a feature to disable it, because I find it more distracting than anything and takes away the focus that's often needed to master a level.","2,393 people found this review helpful",3,candy_crush
340,Stefanie Peach,"November 22, 2022","I originally started playing Candy Crush Saga in 2012. It was fun and engaging. I played it off and on for several yrs then lost interest. I decided to download it again about a month ago. It's just not the same. You use to be able to beat levels with strategy, now it's all about the money. It's boring and uninteresting when you have to make purchases to beat certain levels. Also, have had several issues with moves being taken away when when using boosters. Not near as fun anymore. Disappointed","3,497 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
341,Natalie P,"October 21, 2022","This game just isn't good. The biggest issue is how often you're given an offer to purchase something. Every time you finish a level or navigate through any part of the game, you get a pop up. There is a ""race"" system where you play against other people to finish 10 levels the fastest. The only problem is you always get stuck on the hardest (10th level). If anything this game is good for passing time considering you'll be stuck on a level for a week. The lives system sucks too, let me play.","3,392 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
342,Scott Taylor,"November 10, 2022","One of your recent ads continually glitches the game. It goes straight to a black screen and nothing happens. The only way to get the game to work is to completely shut it down and restart, therefore losing your progress on that level, or if the ad comes on prior to starting a level it causes the waste of a life without the ability to play the level.","1,385 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
343,Laura Ball,"November 10, 2022","I used to love this game, but like so many are saying, it's changed for the worse. The levels are almost impossible to beat at times (even with boosters). And it never used to have so many hard levels in a row. I just had three super hard levels following a nightmarishly hard level. What gives? Please change it back to when it was challenging, but not impossible.","2,646 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
344,Chidera Osih,"October 23, 2022","Totally love Candy Crush!, could literally play it all day... I get lost in the game! EDIT: I gave this game a 5 star back in 2020 but after the recent update I don't think it deserves that. The game currently lags and the screen freezes after each level. You lose time on extra boosters and the fun fades away. I thought the point of an “upgrade” is to debug and enhance the game. Please King, deal with the lagging issue and the game freeze issue too. Thanks.","2,223 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
345,Kay Schatzie (Kaittzie),"November 22, 2022","I reinstalled this for the nostalgia, but it's too hard to be any fun anymore. Every fifth level, if not less, is ""nightmarishly hard"" and 100% designed to make you pay to win. You don't get lucky, three of your moves are locked behind advertisements, and even the win streak bonus isn't enough for a win. I had to look one level up online just to see if it was possible, and you'd never believe it. The browser version of candy crush gets more moves per level. Uninstalled after a week.","1,268 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
346,C,"October 18, 2022","It can be fun. However, it stops working after every game now, forcing me to close & reopen, which is really frustrating. It's like it can't handle all the pop-ups. There are so many, like 8 pop-ups between each game (challenges, gold scrolls, stars, etc., etc.). Half the time it doesn't save my progress either.","1,822 people found this review helpful",3,candy_crush
347,Angelique Lee,"January 15, 2023","entertaining, some levels are impossible to complete unless you spend money, other times multiple levels are impossible in a row to complete without spending money, However when you get on a string of hard but possible levels its really fun.",11 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
348,AK K,"October 26, 2022","Fun game but does anyone have an issue where you can't exit out of the screen that wants you to pay $2.99 for an upgrade? I've literally had to quit the game 7-8 times because I couldn't get out of that screen. The funny thing is.... despite not being able to hit the x on the top right, best believe it will allow you to hit the $2.99 button and charge you. It's a little messed up actually. Please fix this bug...","1,149 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
349,Terry,"January 29, 2023",Not a game for anyone with a limited income can't progress unless one buy lives and resources. too bad for alot of us it is a fun game and if you can make a purchase seems the games are impossible the easy levels are nightmare levels,4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
350,Marian Woods,"January 7, 2023",Gets increasingly boring and irritating as you get to higher levels because there's no way to progress except to buy bundles of extras. Earlier levels had excessive advertising but at least that often gave bonus moves or piece.,4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
351,Rosalie Maybroda-Quiroz,"December 29, 2022","I like the King games. I have a lot of playing them. Only 1 thing I would change. I would make it a bit simpler to understand where I rank and, how I change the Settings. I'm having a lot of difficulty understanding the big picture of everything. I know I am not a moron because I do very well in the game. But I simply can't change or understand certain things. Thank you (PS what is a 4X per the below question?)",37 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
352,Basca Aurelian,"February 15, 2023","Great game! I would have preferred the gameplay experience was less conditioned by the eventual purchases, but it is nice to see how this game still evolves over the years.",6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
353,Denise Kirtley,"January 20, 2023","No!!! U guys couldn't fix my problem. I was on level 2970 and after the game froze, I was back to level 1. I have spent a lot of money buying from the king's store. I won't spend another penny. WHAT A COMPLETE WASTE!! IM A SOO DISAPPOINTED......😢😢😢",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
354,Mona Johnson,"January 14, 2023","Exciting and fun, challenging keeps your mind sharp! Still having FUN! Getting harder but still fun. Wish there was an easier way to get rid of that frog!!!getting harder but still stimulating. Helps older people keep mind sharp. Having lots of fun. Keeps your mind sharp as you get older. Having fun!!",71 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
355,Amaryllis Williams,"January 18, 2023","I have played this game for years. Now they have created levels that are impossible to beat without using boosters or buying more turns. Which wouldn't be bad , but it is almost every three or four rounds.",14 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
356,Sabrina Morgan,"January 4, 2023",Loved this game but so little moves and impossible to win most games takes forever on one level. My husbands game on his phone he gets options for videos to earn extra help or floating balloons with rewards. So I've been playing his instead. Please fix this and make my game fun again too.,13 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
357,Rachel Gilgien,"February 8, 2023",The worst update I've ever made... I went from just playing candy crush to saga... there's a reason I never downloaded candy crush soda saga or whatever it was... the unneeded graphics when using special candies and now it takes me so much extra time just to be able to play a game instead of being able to jump on and play,4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
358,Zona Rasnick,"January 9, 2023","I'm on the 38th puzzle and having an absolute blast playing this game. I finally understand why my mom, aunt and their friends, and all their kids, love playing this game. I haven't found anything they could work on other than making gold bars easier to obtain. Maybe if someone gets like 5 or 10 puzzles completed on the 1st try they should earn a gold bar.",29 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
359,Richard Bowes Cavanagh,"February 17, 2023","Good game to pass the time with, but unfortunately they just want you to keep spending money all the time to get past the difficult levels & it does add up.",0,1,candy_crush
360,Day Anderson,"December 23, 2022","Everything we've come to expect from a King game. Aggressively pay to win, buggy with janky animations and to top it off in this one poor English text translation. Another quick, simple casual game to pass time when needed, nothing new here.",17 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
361,Chelsea Manning,"October 17, 2022","Fun game, but after I got a couple hundred levels in there started to be a ""prepare yourself"" pop-up after failed levels that offers a few boosts for $2.99. the problem is, the ""x"" to close this pop-up doesn't work, and the game has to be fully closed an relaunched to continue to play. A lot of the later levels take many tries so this is a very tedious process and makes the game not worth it.","1,006 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
362,Tamra Harrison,"December 30, 2022","Super glitchy lately. I no longer have the option to watch ads for lives, boosters, extra moves, etc. Tried redownloading, but lost the race feature as well as side quests. Totally addictive usually but just super frustrating lately.",8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
363,Karen Bushey,"January 29, 2023","I have enjoyed Candy Crush Saga for a few years. Today, they changed the format from landscape to portrait. I do not like playing in portrait mode, therefore, I am uninstalling this game. I will miss it, it is a fun and relaxing game.",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
364,Lillian Halena,"November 30, 2022","Not as fun as it used to be, at all. Also, they've made the levels way too hard in turn forcing you to purchase items to win the levels. Too money hungry. Can't beat half of them without power ups, I've played some over and over and it gets boring after a while. There's way better games out there just like this that give you power ups without touching your bank.",378 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
365,Cynthia Campbell,"January 15, 2023","I'm new to the game and still learning. Some of the instructions are not clear. When I complete some of the ""quests"", I don't receive the rewards. For example, after reaching a win streak of 25, nothing happened. I've completed the win streak twice now and am currently at #28. So, please be mindful of the rewards you're supposed to receive, especially if you spend money on the game. Which, I do.",24 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
366,Luke Ramdharry,"February 6, 2023","Should be renamed ""Watch lots of long adverts to progress"". Really boring... I have stopped watching the endless 30 second adverts and guess what - I've not progressed 1 level for 2 weeks! Why would anyone play this?",60 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
367,Nicola Lumbers,"February 13, 2023","Hey, I recently swapped phones, I used smart switch which moved all accounts across to my new phone, however when I used my login & password to Candy Crush, all my inventorys had gone. I have had to recently pay again to get some back. However, please can you look at my past history & reinstate all my inventory? I had lots, over 100 for just the candy wheel alone.. yet now since swapping my phone I have under 10. surely my account should stay with my logins, thank you....!",684 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
368,RickiLee,"February 7, 2023",Not fun once you hit higher levels. Takes DAYS to pass a level even with boosters. Always minute ads and the latest ad was almost xrated. Time to uninstall and find a FUN game.,2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
369,Tricia Harris,"February 3, 2023","I hate you KING GAMES! Thanks to you, I have another addiction! And, that really sucks, because addiction is no joke! You are breaking my bank account, I know.... That's perfect for you! Sooo not good for me!!! It's only the first and I have to worry about eating this month! I wish this game would just up and disappear!",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
370,Ahmad Firdhaus,"January 29, 2023",This game is so satisfying when you manage to finish the hard level without using any powerup. Deduct 1 star because sometimes i feels like the developer purposely make the level hard to make player bought the microtransaction for the powerup.,8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
371,Slim Daddy,"December 22, 2022","I was enjoying this game from the beginning but now its seems trash to me. Without data service you won't enjoy the game, some normal level are even herder than nightmarishly hard level 🙄after getting to 2500 level my game stated hanging, and the worst part of it is that once it hang the level you are playing will exit and you will loose and start afresh. And the 30 minutes color bomb I bought with striped and wrapped will automatically vanish,, what nonsense 🙄",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
372,Dec. gyrrl,"January 10, 2023","I have been on level 205, the last 5 or 7days. There are not enuff moves to complete this level. And when I get all the jellies & those black things, it says that I still have chocolates. But they're not on the board! Not only that, u want me to pay for boosters, in order to advance! U call this a stress relieving game?!! I played this damn game yrs ago. And I uninstalled it, for the same reason that I'm commenting abt, right here. This getting very annoying & frustrating.",9 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
373,Lisa Williams,"January 16, 2023","I love this game so much...most of the levels are very hard for me but that's the fun part of the game. The reason i am giving the game only 4 stars is because of the piggy bank issue...it doesn't make sense to me,i mean saving up so much gold and at the end you have to pay actual money jusy to open it.",5 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
374,Robert Willoughby,"February 7, 2023","It is great! Only reason I haven't given the full five is that it wins for you, and you don't know why. You have a winning move planned, and.... It gets taken out of your hands and it wins without you. This is confusing and a bit of a downer. But it is otherwise great!",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
375,Thanh-Truc Le,"January 13, 2023","The game was fun, but the higher the levels, the more impossible to pass unless at least one of the boosters needed to be used; too few moves given, and too many challenges and blockages to be removed.",6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
376,Michael Farrell,"December 31, 2022","I'm starting to agree with a lot of the other reviews. As you get to the higher levels, the nightmarishly super hard levels come more and more frequently along with other very difficult levels back to back. And they are almost impossible to win ... even with using 3 boosters plus the watch a video ad booster. And I am adamant too that I'll never be paying to play any game.",321 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
377,Darren Say,"January 7, 2023","I've had enough. After reaching level 3640, using up all my boosters on it and being stuck on it for days and not even coming anywhere close to finishing it along with King offering a deal for £4.49 to help pass it I'm uninstalling this money grabbing (FREE) game for good. They have totally ruined what was a good game.",440 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
378,Lauri Lacey,"January 20, 2023",I played this game years ago when at first came out and took it off my phone I don't know when I upgraded and all my friends are playing it again so I decided to start over I must admit it's a lot more fun than I remember and it's a relaxing game however the prices have gone up but With patients you can make it without half into purchase anything the only thing I would save in purchases may be the piggy bank because if not it gets annoying and bugs you tell you pay for it.,27 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
379,Nicholas “NickHayes808” Hayes,"January 4, 2023","Best game that I have ever played! I love the races and all the other events or tournaments that I compete in. I cannot wait to see what else this game has for me in store! Again, one of the most greatest games in the world!!!!! Wanna give a huge shouout to the people that have made this game possible... thank you so much!!!!",118 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
380,Jaquelyn Putnam,"December 17, 2022",I love this game. Been playing for years! Still playing for 7 yrs. Love the races! I don't even know how long l have been playing this game. Lot's of new ways to win gold and prizes. Still playing year after year Love the new levels. Wonderful game. Glad to get that gold for races. I have been playing for yrs now.,235 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
381,Teresa Stauter,"January 13, 2023","I don't understand how you can receive the chocolate candy ball and immediately run out of moves before you get the chance to use it, I like the game, but I'm not gonna pour my money into it just to keep playing because, I'm seeing a pattern of losing the game when I legit know I had another move to make.",5 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
382,Melissa Wake,"February 10, 2023",Like game don't like the new changes to the chocolate boxes though. Hard enough to save boosters for levels when we need them. I hope they go back to the way it was before...,8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
383,Angel Perez,"January 31, 2023",Dont make any purchases. As soon as you do the games glitches and cheats players. Some of the candies you try and made won't be made and the moves you use to combine candies do not work sometimes. I feel like I been ripped off for paying for candies lives etc only for the game to purposely glitch and lose a round. On top of that it gave me no possible combinations for like the first 10 moves and I was not able to complete a round because the first 10 moves had barely any possible options. SCAM,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
384,Dave Sherman,"December 16, 2022","Got to level 1700 with 1100 gold bars and a massive winning streak. Decided to save my progress. When I resumed, my bars were all gone and the streak ended. I recommend you don't play games where the owners can delete your boosters.",39 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
385,Sherī Lynn,"December 14, 2022","I used to think it was just a silly kids game, but I was bored one day on Facebook, so I have it a try, and now I'm absolutely hooked!!! It also helps with anxiety when I need to distract my brain. It's very addictive and so much fun!!! I highly recommend this game for anyone who wants to escape the mundane, take a break from work, or just have some fun.",104 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
386,Jayshree Nandola,"December 27, 2022","I didnt get gold bars for the fastest to finish.the levels are so hard that even with 35 extra moves you won't win a level. Thrice ,I didn't get gold bars and it seems once again 4th time , I won't get. Game playing is getting worst . Loosing interest.",17 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
387,Lisa W.,"February 13, 2023","The games are fun, when you can win. However, I feel like if I use the hints from the game exclusively, it will cause me to lose the level & then prompt me to buy stuff! Jokes on you Game makers, I will never buy stuff in games!",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
388,Mhmd Ma! RaZiB,"January 31, 2023",Sometimes it’s very rubbish game because in every hard or super hard lavel there are no alternative option on the last moment & only needed one move or one task remaining but there are no ads or other option to pass any difficult levels... So that i recognise this game sometimes it’s very 3rd class game than others... 😡😡👎👎👎,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
389,Amy Yothers,"December 23, 2022",I'm so addicted to this game and the other Candy Crush games. Candy Crush with Friends is probably my favorite out of all of them. I'm really upset that I can't play them on my mobile device anymore since my Facebook account was hacked and I have contacted support but they didn't help me get it back to my level even after I had sent them the new account and the old account that was hacked 🤦🏼‍♀️. Other than that I love it and this one and the others take up any free time or killing time.,27 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
390,PA Close,"February 17, 2023","Too many Temu ads! Way too many and they're lengthy. They're irritating. I don't know how much advertisers pay to have an ad up, but good lord! Can you at least change the ads to something that doesn't make me want to throw my phone out the window? (I still love Candy Crush)",0,2,candy_crush
391,Thomas Reed,"January 21, 2023","I really like puzzle games of any kind besides other game genres. This game is easy to play by match the same candies, but some levels are harder then others when going further on the games level path.",7 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
392,Jo FUBES,"January 1, 2023","Have loved this game for a few years, I decided to buy some gold bars and ever since I no longer get adverts for rewards. Ended up spending money I don't have. Have decided to uninstall this and keep my money. Perhaps info on gambling should be added to the ap. Buyer beware!",14 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
393,Rahul Kumar,"February 13, 2023","Dear, Developer I like this game too much but few days ago(like 15-20 days) ads are not coming so I can't pass levels ,Because ads is very supporting for me,so I request plzzz. Help .why ads is not coming for me. plz do something ,otherwise i shall uninstall the game . So developers help ...thnx",0,3,candy_crush
394,Faith McGregor,"December 31, 2022","I don't have videos anymore and the developer hasn't fixed that, so that really sucks. Each person I communicated with gave me a different reason why. This game would be so much better if they sorted this out. Players have been emailing the developer for YEARS about this and nothing has been done.",6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
395,L B,"December 31, 2022",My main complaint is the design of the algorithm that makes passing levels impossible to pass until you've played it 300 times I just spent a week on a single level before buying more moves and instantly won. Pay to play,17 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
396,Fateemah Zubair,"January 13, 2023","I just keeps restarting over and over again, sometimes I would have used gold bars to win a level and it would take me back to the beginning of the game, deducting lives and gold bar. It is so frustrating 😞",14 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
397,SaRaH B.,"February 5, 2023","Several times my gold bars have vanished. After chking on the site I logged out and in, reinstalled the app but no avail. Ctc support which advised bogus about boosters and lives. My boosters were still there and fine. It's about my gold bars, your currency. Get that fixed and give me my bars back. Oh, and don't advise to ctc your useless support again.",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
398,Ahmed Al Wohaibi,"December 18, 2022","Update: I'm happy to see more ads from this company, it means nobody plays like before,I hope the income of this company reducing as much as they reduce the moves from each level :) 😃. It was the best but now it's pay to play, they reduce the moves of easy levels to become harder, but when you check YouTube you'll see the levels is 5-8 moves more than your current level.",42 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
399,Beverly,"January 17, 2023","I keep coming back because I enjoy Candy Crush, thinking someday King will listen to the customers but I'm proved wrong every time. I had zero lives and used one from a friend but my lives stayed at zero. When you win a level you're not getting everything it says you're supposed to get. It's their way to get you to spend money for the extras. One booster used to explode where it would help you the most, not anymore. King is all about the $, not customer. If I could give zero stars I would.","1,542 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
400,Nina Martin,"January 22, 2023",Tired of this game been playing for years. First you take away the free spin then you added these stupid candy cane bars that don't break plus all the extra money you spend and now if you have enough moves and all the jelly squares are gone but one and you keep getting the jelly fish to eat the square but they don't and when your down to your last move you lose the game. I'm over this game. You keep changing things that we don't ask for just to get more money. Uninstalling Good bye.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
401,Christopher Snape,"February 19, 2023",The earlier levels are ridiculously hard and too many of them!! You feel forced to buy the boosters to complete a the game.. You should be able to use any of the boosters that you have accrued and not the one's you are forced to use.. Unfortunately I feel it's becoming a gambling app! Candy crush sadly has gone down hill ☹️,747 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
402,Ghazal Starship,"December 30, 2022","My gold bars suddenly drop from 50,90,... To 1. This is so unfair because i put a lot of time to get the bars and then suddenly it all disappears. These bars are so helpful, yet the game has this bug to make it all disappear in just a minute",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
403,Awotunde Abiola,"January 26, 2023","Hard levels are now much more than normal levels (hard, super hard, nightmarishly hard levels to break) and it's getting so annoying. Also, please bring back the original sound, this new sound is wack.",13 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
404,B “Beautiful soul” S,"January 27, 2023","I've been playing candy crush for years. Im on level 3346. I have accumulated many lives. How all of a sudden I am limited in the number of lives I can use daily. Like why!!!! I have to wait now, that sucks big time. People are going to start playing less if this issue isn't fixed. I guess I'll go back to playing spades.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
405,Diego Leonardo Fichera,"December 28, 2022","Deliberately Too much difficult to make progress without the purchase of boosts. Worse than that, there are constant in-game pop up notification to invite people and children to make purchases. Maybe I'm too ""retro"" but this seems too near to the gamble mania. Maybe it was too much honest selling games in a one-off payment and there are no agencies who defend people versus such business logic.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
406,Jenn T,"January 31, 2023","Hands down, the most boring matching game I've played. The characters are annoying and the gameplay is lackluster. Do yourself a favor and try literally any other similar game instead.",4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
407,david gordon,"January 9, 2023","The game is moving away from skill to ""luck"". The game seemingly causing you to burn thru lives until it ready to let pass specific levels. It becoming less fun n more wasting time rather than killing time..... Too many levels you to pay to pass...",99 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
408,Lynne Robinson,"January 26, 2023","Totally addictive, frustrating at times but really enjoyable. Great free in game boosters, don't despair, if you get stuck on a level you will get there in the end.",250 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
409,Barb Finch,"January 25, 2023",I find the more I play Candy Crush the more frustrating it is. Challenges don't bother me. But games set up so the only way you can win is to buy more and more boosters. I still delete the game and start over because Candy Crush is still my favorite game. Thank you.,12 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
410,Ramona Lall,"December 31, 2022","This app keeps saying I am not connected to internet when I am and now I can't save my progress or get anything! And I have internet connection, literally I can use any other app that needs internet connection... This makes me very upset, I downloaded the game for my iPad and it works fine but on my phone it's not working and I can't log out or all my updated progress will be gone 😔","3,641 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
411,Doug Spear,"December 13, 2022","What's supposed to be a calm fun game is actually just timed wins, like a slot machine. This game no longer requires skill, just boosters, ads, and repeated attempts. The game has forced win and loss streaks. If you fail on a level enough times it will just let you win. Also, if you're close to beating a hard level too quickly the candy will fall or use special candy to your disadvantage to prevent you from beating the level.","2,980 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
412,osho olamilekan,"December 15, 2022","Gave this 5 stars before but I just had to come back and change it to 2 stars. Hard levels are much more plenty than normal levels. And the time for health regeneration is too much. Lessen it. If you did, then I'll come back to increase to 5 stars",16 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
413,Kirsty Macklin,"February 16, 2023","Quite enjoyable and easily addictive. Great way to pass time when you need to! I enjoy all the bonuses you get too, which helps when passing the more difficult levels.",33 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
414,Heather Stevens,"January 30, 2023",Since around August of last year nothing but crashes. I get all the streaks to have all the boosters and it crashes. In the last 15 min I have crashed 8 different times losing my streak boosters. Wth.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
415,Kodes1,"December 27, 2022","There is no option to report glitches and bugs in game. Stuck on Level 40, two swappable pieces are greyed out (Non-interactable) and thus that move can't be made. Glitch on level 40, no option to report bugs / glitches in game without writing mail. Poor system design.",6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
416,Mary R,"January 10, 2023","So I'm updating my rating to a 5. This time when I reinstalled I'm currently at level 2,526. I don't know what you guys did but I appreciate not having all hard levels. And I appreciate the new features where I can win gold bars to buy boosters. Thank you I can go back to enjoying Candy crush again. It's just my favorite for crushing my stress away. 😙",48 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
417,Earl B,"January 6, 2023","Fun, but technical issues. I don't pay for the assists. So, when glitches occur and then ended up wasted, it's annoying. Also.... way too many 30 second ads.",6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
418,Lily Avazpour,"January 2, 2023",I like the thrill of swiping left and right but it's not tinder lol. I wish there was a free chest to store my gold but I guess everyone likes to charge to make money. So I get gold bars but I can't store them or use them bc I don't have a chest (I need to pay real money 💰 not so much like 2 or 3 bucks) but I don't feel comfortable doing it yet.,16 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
419,Misty,"January 14, 2023","My #1 go-to game that never gets old! I stopped playing for a long time after my little brother died because he was beating me, level wise...when I reached the last level he made that's when I stopped playing. He will always be the champ and I know he's with me now when I play...I play for him! I love you little brother and miss you everyday! It's time to start playing again because I now know that's what he would of wanted!",21 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
420,Meredith Kuny,"October 18, 2022","Having the same issue mentioned by drpepper. I play one round and when I don't pass the level, I get a pop up that can't be cleared away unless I completely close the app and start again. I tried reinstalling (and lost my gifted lives and power ups). It worked better for a few hours but now is doing the same thing as before. I've been playing for years, but am currently really frustrated that I can only play one round at a time. Please help!",854 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
421,R Giv,"February 3, 2023","They had a bug in Android for the last few months, and it is still not fixed. Their bypass: shutdown the phone for 10 seconds and restart 😡",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
422,Angelica Ortega,"January 10, 2023","Please please please change the music. If possible put it back to what it was. This music drives me insane.....Its not the same when playing, it feels like I'm in the wizard of oz. Just not the same. At least give us options to listen to the old and new music.",8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
423,Jennifer A*******,"December 28, 2022",I am just ticked by the Way this is designed to fail. I'm on 1499. So far these boards run so you will NOT be able to get all the items before your turns are up. Therefore a set up to buy items or extra moves. It's all just to make a dang dime. You've been using my wallet for Way to long I'm fed up.,6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
424,James Dean,"January 18, 2023","Games good but the ads, and the offered jammed in your face every level! There are more presses on the screen to get rid of all the suggested offers and ads, than you would need to finish some levels!",8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
425,Samkele Mapasa (Twice),"December 14, 2022","Best stress reliever but it pisses me off when weeks pass by losing one level but eventually you pass that level if you're not a quitter 🤘🏾👀 The App taught me you can fail the same thing but failure shouldn't stop anyone from trying again till they overcome that task, challenge, test or problem🤔 😕 THERE'S A SOLUTION FOR EVERY PROBLEM 🤞🏾 Quiting will never be a solution. Candy Crush Saga is a Life time partner only death will separate the App and I 😅❤❤",31 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
426,Tamara Kumwenda,"February 15, 2023",It's an interesting game expect the fact that the moves are less you have 128 cubes to unlock but you only have 22 moves.... The rewards are less at times when you need extra moves rewards aren't given.,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
427,Amanda Campbell,"January 16, 2023",Love playing Candy Crush! One of the best matching games out there! The one thing I would change is the amount of lives. You can only have 5 lives at a time and nothing carries over. Would be able to play longer if you could accumulate and keep the lives earned! I recommend this game! Very Entertaining 😄,13 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
428,Mimsky Mim,"September 7, 2022","Excellent game format but the prices are ridiculous expensive , no one needs to pay that much for additional boosts . While there are some free ones to be had they are insufficient for the higher levels , you can end up getting stuck on the same level for days . Overall a fun and addictive casual game but you *will* need to make the most of the things you can get for free and have patience if you don't want to be spending silly money to progress.","3,267 people found this review helpful",3,candy_crush
429,Claudia Neira,"February 16, 2023","After last update, it can only be played in portrait mode, which is useless in a tablet. Will give it a couple of weeks and uninstall if not fixed.",0,1,candy_crush
430,Tiffany Best,"January 5, 2023","Candy crush use to be fun, and away to pass time away. But now the level are harder, sometimes a rip off. They give few moves to clear boards. And when you buy extra boosters it still do not help clear the level.",7 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
431,H. Singleton,"February 8, 2023","I still have had some problems but some things have greatly improved. I really enjoy this game and Candy Crush Soda, Do you accept Google Play Points???💙I really want to give these games 5 star's but once again the game gets me. It either takes my boosters or grab a few moves I've got left. 💯",3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
432,Facta non verba,"February 5, 2023",The developers have changed the game into a money grab. Many levels have had the amount of moves drastically cut by less than half or a third of the moves that were needed to pass when the game was developed. What this means is that many l,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
433,Dan Acker,"December 22, 2022",what can I really say it's candy crush love the game but I have to give it 4 maybe 3 stars because of getting to points in the game where you basically have to spend money. I understand the developer needs to get his money but its to many situations where you have to buy and buy n buy. 4 stars,12 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
434,Darlita Hill,"February 7, 2023",I just paid for items that I did not receive. Usually I don't have any problems but that a total rip off when you pay for things and don't get them. Have the receipt through Google email.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
435,Catalina,"December 29, 2022","Pay to win This game makes tou lose levels on purpose just to force you to pat for more moves and special candy. It was fun at first, but then it became obvious I want ment to be able to play, they make you constantly lose so you'll pay, and with the limited 5 lives you get, you won't get to play much during the day. Just a waste of time",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
436,Do ha,"February 5, 2023",i seriously came to loathe this game after it was my favorite i DO NOT WANT TO PARTICIPATE IN RACES why the hell isn't there an option to opt out of it?????? ALL that there is now is races that you forcefully have to take part in OH and the normal regular levels they used to have ALL turned into the difficult ones for the race btch gtfoh the game that used to relieve stress now causes ×10 the already existing stress. bunch a bs,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
437,Aglaia Caurentus,"February 10, 2023","it is fun, the only thing that's irritating is when you freaking watch an add to regain or obtain life, the app would restart and it would freaking loose the current game and the watching of ads were off to waste. lol.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
438,neilt390,"November 26, 2022","Don't bother downloading this game. Multiple algorithms set up to pressure you to spend real money, ie constantly leaves just one more move to complete a level for one example. They pick and choose who gets access to bonuses. Advertising regularly bites into time. Used to be a very enjoyable game until the developers got way too greedy.","2,652 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
439,Laurie Fuentes,"January 16, 2023",Started having issues with the game freezing and taking paid for points after reaching out I was told to check my cache. Points not replaced or even offered a refund. Time to delete app. Just letting people know what I experienced with customer service. DON'T MAKE PURCHASES ON THIS APP!,7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
440,Laura Holmes,"September 15, 2022","Fun game, but essentially pay to play. After you get past the initial levels, you can get stuck on one level for several days unless you use ""gold bars"" for power ups and extra moves (which are hard to get without spending money, especially if you can't process any levels). If I don't get past my current level within a week, I'm uninstalling.","2,784 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
441,Amie Bonds,"February 15, 2023",Some levels are just not possible to beat without buying extra moves over and over again. They're impossible. I'm on a level with 120 jelly to clear and I have 13 moves to clear that.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
442,Mayowa Akinniyi Ademola,"January 15, 2023","My favorite game is now my an all time worst. I mean candy crush was one game I can literally play all day before it started crashing when watching videos thereby making me lose all my win streaks without even losing a level. I mean, it's so unfair to hijack players progress in such manner it's getting tiring🙄🙄",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
443,Steph and Corey Lawson,"January 10, 2023",Always a fun game its one of those ones you get sucked in by it. Its also one of those games you always come back to. I've been playing it for Years now and never have grown bord with it. Its just a fun little game that I think almost anyone thats played it ends up loving it. If you haven't tried it which is highly unlikely because of how big it is nowadays than I recommend doing so and I promise you'll end up being sucked in by it too...,16 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
444,Joshua,"February 6, 2023","PAY TO WIN. Edited to remove 1 star because of the pattern: deliberately dont give enough moves, to trick you into spending money. Similar to all these other negative reviews, the problem is the shortsighted and poorly thought out difficulty curve.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
445,Mark Cockroft,"December 5, 2022","Uninstalled Dec 2022...the number of completely irrelevant and annoying clicks that needed to be pressed after one level before going to the next did for me. Nothing to do with third-party ads, but worse. No I don't want to play mini-challenges outside the main game, no I don't care about finding Candy King's missing keys, no I didn't ask for friend requests, and so on. So thanks for the easy option to turn these off...oh, sorry there isn't one. Too bad, I took the next easiest option. Goodbye",405 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
446,Nancy Long,"January 14, 2023",Absolutely an addicting game. I wish there was more moves in some levels and less ads. Its impossible to win with 14 moves. I'm glad its only for fun and to release my stress.,4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
447,Gallow Black,"January 28, 2023",This is the most annoying game I've ever played. Nonstop garbage popping up wanting me to buy stuff or play junk I have no interest in. Just stop. I even watch the occasional ad to get extra time or whatever and then I get blasted with tictok trash and I don't get the reward for watching.,0,1,candy_crush
448,Heather Feather,"January 31, 2023",My go to addiction game. Can still play enough without having to buy anything. Some good strategic thinking helps for the harder games :) Not long and involved so good for the commute or during telly ads - and didn't wear your thumbs out!,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
449,a.jameela 50,"January 18, 2023",Your update version is so disgusting. Each level is very hard and you need to buy a gold bar to pass a level. It is very annoying to me and why the hell there were limited lives to accept. I want to delete this game.,7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
450,Thesaya,"February 17, 2023","I have played for years, but this latest update forces you to play with your phone upright. If your phone is larger, this is severely uncomfortable in the long run, and I might actually uninstall the game because of this.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
451,Phil Jones,"February 3, 2023",Since the start of 2023 King have removed the ability to watch ads to get free boosters and extra moves at the end of levels meaning I'm stuck on levels for weeks at a time. Obviously to many people are buying moves so that king don't need to earn revenue from adverts.,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
452,Lucretia Stockman,"November 21, 2022","I finally made a purchase to finish a hard level, I'm an over 5000 level player. Because of the purchase, I no longer receive free spins or the option to watch ads to get extra tries at the end of a puzzle. I don't recommend ever buying anything because you will have to continue buying to win levels. Big disappointment. No coincidence the last 5 star rating was in July!",261 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
453,Summer Richardson,"December 30, 2022","Even though its a game for wives with failing marriages, or older people, it's really good to pass time and I don't have a complaint about ads. I definitely recommend if you have time to kill, or a roadtrip! (If you aren't driving of course.)",36 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
454,MY Jaffar,"January 27, 2023","Really good game, I have passed 4000+ levels. But there is an issue thatif I want to play the previous levels, I have to scroll down a lot and I cant get to the level directly. Please add an ipdate to reach the desired level directly.",6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
455,Tayur Nagendra Kumar,"January 24, 2023","This being a very popular game once is slowly losing out . A stage comes when it is made unplayable .To continue - First , one has to exhaust all the powers earned , the Gold bars and then see advertisements to earn powers OR keep on paying Money ! And , it's quite costly . It is left to the Player !",4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
456,Infa Red,"January 14, 2023",Updated and absolutely Hate it! Not getting any lives from friends anymore! And now there's a Limit! What?! Why would you make this game Less enjoyable? Making it so we can't play? I've played Candy Crush for years and years but it looks like I'll delete now. Too money hungry and ruining the games for everyone. Will move onto something else.,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
457,A Google user,"February 4, 2023","From making some levels very difficult/impossible to pass to removing the ability to earn boosters on lower levels, King has taken the fun out of this game. I'm going to look for a different game now.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
458,lulu molebale,"January 14, 2023","Well, staying on 1 hard level for more than a week is such a terrible upgrade, and where are the ads? Don't buy any of the ""tools"" they offer, if you buy them once they make the game so difficult trying to force you to keep buying the tools. Terrible honestly.",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
459,Joe Burgess,"December 28, 2022","A HORRIBLE GAME! A COMPLETE SCAM! ALL OF THE NEWER REVIEWS WITH 5 STARS ARE FROM PEOPLE THAT MAY HAVE PLAYED A FEW LEVELS. Do not for any reason buy boosters for this game.. King has put a setting in where boosters explode before you can use them making you spend the money to buy new ones which will explode also. As soon as you try and set up a combo your boosters will explode before you can use them on nearly every level... If I could leave zero stars, I would. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
460,sudharani bodabodala,"February 15, 2023",By passing levels it getting very hard to pass level by level. Moves are not enough. I am getting very bored by last three days because I am not able done with hard level. So i am getting quit my game and uninstalling this app. So boring game😞😞😞😞,0,1,candy_crush
461,Kate Eyo,"February 19, 2023","The app mistakenly got deleted and I download it again but can't retrieve my progress even after putting my email and password and I'm at 3000 level, I can't start again, it's discouraging.",0,1,candy_crush
462,abdulwahab ganiyu,"February 13, 2023","Fantastic game,I love it but I like it to have some cash rewards for the players, because of the time it was used in playing the game, There's no disturbing ad on the game app,applus for the creator. thanks",0,5,candy_crush
463,Janice L. Nelson,"February 16, 2023",I am so UNHAPPY with candy crush you changed the format to portrait mode only. .!!!! It makes it smaller and makes it harder to see i uninstalled it.! Very bad move!,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
464,James Russel Ceballos (CEBKUN),"January 3, 2023","LESS ENJOYABLE THAN BEFORE I used to play this when I was in highschool. My account was reset since I was using a deleted facebook account before. I noticed the huge reduction of moves for users to watch ads. As a UI/Ux specialist, the amount of ads and the time consumed in proportion to the reward, it's not fair. ads are very time consuming and you get only 2, 1, ufo these devs sees your importance of your time in a degrading manner. I know you need profits, U forgot to make it enjoyable",6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
465,Cheryl Pizarro,"January 11, 2023","I could play all day. Its perfect to pass the time with, I play every day Very addictive. I'm still enjoying this game every day. Still playing, I like the different season contests they have. I wish they would add more colors.",12 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
466,Brenda Riesenberg,"January 8, 2023",Just bought an $49.99 item from the store and used it once. Had to stop for a half hour and when I came back it was all gone. This is ridiculous!!! I had only spent 10 coins to buy 5 extra moves. Now that I need to use it again......there's nothing there and I'm not buying again!!!!!!,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
467,Denise Healey,"January 25, 2023",Update 3 months later the same problem no access to any free bonuses since I did spend some money. Game is about making money as I have been stuck on a level where no boosters available yet I can buy them even though I have plenty of boosters yet no access to them. What was a fun game is now boring. Time to remove for good as no updates available,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
468,Vicki Ho,"February 17, 2023",Why have you changed the game only to portrait mode. I've been playing it for years in landscape mode. You should give us the option for both modes back.,0,5,candy_crush
469,terri39367,"December 30, 2022","This app blacks out everytime I try to get boosters to continue a game. I have to restart the app to continue playing, then I end up losing a level that I could've won if the app hadn't blacked out!",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
470,Marie Lincoln,"October 22, 2022","I have really enjoyed this game until lately. Obviously levels get tougher, but you almost have to have power ups to get past a level which is annoying and I'm not going to purchase power ups. The thing that really has me ready to uninstall this game, is it keeps freezing on me. I play a few rounds and then it just freezes and the only thing I can do is totally close it down. If that continues to happen, I'll definitely be uninstalling.",369 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
471,Leigh Sandt,"January 21, 2023",Love the smoothness of the game. Nice grafics and interesting events. The fishes at times leaves me frustrated when it seems that they just doesn't go where I'd hoped. And can't use candies to create fishes.,8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
472,Marthin Gunardhy,"January 26, 2023","I love playing candy crush until you make the screen have to be a potrait, no more landsacpe.... good bye now, until you give the landscape mode on again, i never play this game anymore, as i play it on table, hard to play on potrait mode.... hope your decision give you more player y]than the one who leave because you simply delete landscape mode",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
473,pintu ali,"January 11, 2023","it is very disappointing when you loss 500+ busters. when i log in to my candy account after reset my phone they only gave me back my passed levels and gold bar. and my 500+ buster was stolen by candy team. after contact them they say that, ""Items such as boosters and lives are saved directly on your device's memory and are not saved to our servers. This is very poor system. Candy team would've to work on it. I'm gonna uninstall candy crush",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
474,Tina Roberts,"January 8, 2023","It's fun, But don't buy boosters or hope for your rewards. My game has been glitching for a year now. I write them, send back response 4 screen shots, then you never hear a word or see boosters gold bars, nothing!!! Def not a cent back. But I record mine too show what I say is true.N still nothing. I'd be happy to show y'all my emails, they pretend they don't get your messages, but I'm ironically going back to conversations we are having. Don't go through King either, it's no better!",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
475,Alena Zimmermann,"January 4, 2023","At the end of every passed level, the game freezes and you have to close the app completely and reboot. It's extremely annoying. Please fix it asap",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
476,Eze Nwakaego Ogochukwu,"January 28, 2023","I won the race for first position, and I got forty gold bars. I came back to the app today and saw a notification that I had lost the race and would have to start from twenty gold bars again. Please fix this, or I may stop playing.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
477,Scott Ulmann,"January 28, 2023",Bring back layout. It's way too big on a tablet in portrait mode. All King apps should have the option to choose our own preferences.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
478,Tania Prothro,"February 22, 2023","Love it til it stops!! Keeps me very content. I have mental health issues, this keeps me occupied, my mind on the game. Love it better than before because I don't always have money to buy specials. Thank uou. After playing a while, they make it where you cant pass a level keep you stuck on it! Then they cheat you on how many trys on a game! Ive explain on a fixed income , get broke towards end of month. They want to buy, buy, buy!!!!",6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
479,Bonnie DeVries,"January 23, 2023","Level by level seems to bring new challenges. Even it gets tough don't give up, you can do it if you try!! Items hard but just keep trying, that's what I do.",10 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
480,Cristina Rodriguez,"December 31, 2022","I have been playing Candy Crush Saga for over 10 years and other associated games, but sadly I write that lately I noticed how I've been paying too much money that I don't have to play games. Now, I'm retired and can't afford to pay. I promised myself that one of my New Year Resolutions would be to stop playing Candy Crush Saga and the associated games because it has changed. You get to a certain point then it's time to pay. Many happy times I had especially when I am depressed. Good-bye",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
481,مها أبو اليزيد,"February 19, 2023","This game was my favorite until I found out that it's been unfair with me I made a comparison between mine and my mom's and I noticed that she had way more moves than I had she had commercial than me, it's just feel like a different game and that's not fair at all that's why I changed my rate from 5 stars to 2 stars, so disappointing 😔",0,2,candy_crush
482,Susanna Canesso,"February 10, 2023","Experience is good,but I preferred the old sound. Recently you have changed the sound, and I don't like it. Please return to the old nice songs😭",0,3,candy_crush
483,Kenai Cruz,"February 18, 2023",This game won't let me download it and I deleted so many games just to see that it says to install it when I already installed it and there's a piggy bank to collect my gold and when it's full it won't give you your gold and you have to buy a new look and it won't let me get gold no more,0,1,candy_crush
484,Christine Noel,"February 4, 2023","I don't Love this game like i used to. It's addicting and gets to be expensive. Unused chances need to carry over when they are not used instead of just disappearing, gone, kaput. Really Candy Crush give us a break.",2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
485,Charlie Williams,"January 28, 2023",Man I got a new phone that had candy crush already installed. I quit playing due to the fact they push you to purchase. But I figured I'd give it a go and it's worse than before. Greedy greedy company. Uninstalled and download royal match. Much better and more fun!,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
486,TEACHER TEH,"December 24, 2022",Is better to group only similar levels of players together. Is really no fun playing with newbies...why always with newbies 😤 Stop limiting lives acceptance for players in playing the game. And don't make it a game to make profit to you only. Please at least award 1 or 2 gold bars for passing each level. Make it a game for fun and leisure,17 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
487,swapan acharjee,"February 2, 2023","Too many ads !when ever I play a game and I start the level and boom ! An ad from candy crush . Worst game ever. Even after I downloaded it,it was still giving ads.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
488,Paula Morgan,"December 19, 2022",Want to Make yourself angry and frustrated in 5 minutes play candy crush !!! If you don't pass a level first time you'll be stuck on it for a week until you either buy something or it lets you pass it. If you do pass it won't give you anything for it so then soon as you're stuck again you're back to square 1 .I liked playing this game at first but you make the levels impossible to pass .if you don't have loads of boosters or a big bank balance you've got no chance of getting anywhere !!,27 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
489,Arinze Charles (charlie_orion),"January 18, 2023","As much as I hate to admit, I like the fact that most of the games are hard. It makes it more engaging mentally. You have to really pIan and strategies to win. I love the new songs too. Also, you guys should reply your dissatisfied customers and fix the problems they are complaining about.",6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
490,Malcolm Perryman,"February 14, 2023","What more can I say having loads of fun, gets the brain alert for us oldies.i wish those fish would knock out more coloured candy and just ones that are not needed. It gets to hard to early into the game....plus its always wants the player to part with some money which I haven't got.its even worse these days. I hope this is OK t say.thanks",102 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
491,Thomas Koropa,"February 9, 2023",I have being playing this game myself for quite some time when my children started joining me. We all find much exciting. I find much relaxing after day's busy at work. At times it sounds silly and clumsy when an adult playing such unprecedented game of no value. I remember my Chief Excecutive Officer asked me how I need to relax after long busy day. Such game helps restore full energy of an adult so always play such games. Need to add few more moves to break all the blocks for easy win. Cheers,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
492,Carol Hutchinson,"February 1, 2023",fantastic game there are a lot of challenges but it's an incredible game i just love candy crush i reach level 3000 and lost my game progress because it was not saved but with a positive mind set i hope to reach to that level again and with the boosters you get the little push .,8 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
493,Lynn Tate,"January 4, 2023","Love the puzzles and bright colors. Dont know how they made 4,000 plus with all different designs. Some of the hard or nightmare levels take days if you don't purchase anything, thats my only frustration with the game",7 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
494,Robbin Bauer,"February 2, 2023","Pay to pass game. This game used to be fun. I have been playing for almost a decade. Recently they have made changes that make it impossible to pass unless you pay. I have been stuck on a level for three weeks. I will be deleting. If you are looking for a fun and relaxing game, this is not it. It is now just a money grab.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
495,Laura Ford,"January 26, 2023",Was fun until you get to a level that every game requires boosters that you can conveniently purchase. Can't pass a level with out paying or watching several ads. Delete,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
496,John Agyapong,"January 14, 2023","This game is sometimes very annoying 😒, some of the levels are cheated. I have been playing it for the past 6 years .level 8200+ the stress on some of the harder levels is too much.",17 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
497,esther precious,"January 3, 2023","As much as i enjoy playing candy crush,it's very annoying how the app always zone out if my data is on I'm in level 2754 and i still cant enjoy my game in peace because it can't work with my data..i have updated and updated but nothing seems to be working. I gave you guys 5 stars before when i just started but now i have given your app what it deserve until you do something about it.",6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
498,Bharat Dhungana,"January 2, 2023","I have been playing this game continuously for the past seven years. I have passed more than 7500 levels. But now I'm losing interest in the Candy Crush Saga. My interest is waning due to excessive advertisement and difficult level. We have to spend money and time to buy gold bars. What does the company give us for that? Nothing gives. If we have to pay money to buy gold, why can't we earn money by selling it even if we earn gold bars ??? Please answer this. Thank You.",11 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
499,Tammy Driver,"January 4, 2023",No longer available for computers. Only available to be played on phones. Not ideal for those of us with vision and hand coordination problems.,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
500,Les Brown,"February 8, 2023","I play this game (of thrones) to win, my competitiveness keeps me from getting frustrated with the impossible challenges. To all the cry babies crying over Candy Crush don't do this or give me that...Stop crying...and enjoy the sweetness of going the next level...I never get stuck on a board....",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
501,Charmaine Mahendere,"December 30, 2022","It's an awesome game... I enjoy it very much. Although, I do not particularly enjoy the fact that some levels are tricky in a way that can be avoided by the makers but all in all, it does 'Swioe The Stress Away'",38 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
502,Naseem Pinnock,"February 9, 2023","I say it's at least easier than how it was back then when it just came out right now its a good game to de-stress at work, it not giving more work to figure out how get a big move and wipe the board clean. It's a lot better now.",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
503,David H,"February 3, 2023",Would give it 5 stars but there's a major glitch. Cannot get past 230. Cant use anything from inventory and the level only allows 22 moves but videos online show 30. Please see to this as it sorts my moments of boredom into stress free bliss,0,2,candy_crush
504,Zee K.,"October 17, 2022",Not fun..the game used to be fun until you get to a certain level then it's almost impossible to win the level and it's one after another! It also freezes on ads and almost forces you to buy bars or other crash bars so you can pass! The free gifts or lives after you watched the video never come..I had to reinstall the game just to get rid of freezing ads and lost all my candy powers!!!! Horrible,280 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
505,drpepper01889,"October 15, 2022",Not happy with recent update. Trying to be forced to purchase a 99 cent offer. Ad pops after losing a level and i cannot close the ad. I try and click the x to close the window and nothing happens. I can click the buy button and it goes to the 1 tap buy screen. I cancel that and I still cannot close the ad. Only option is to completely shut down game and restart it. Not happy.,781 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
506,Tonica Jack,"January 11, 2023",I am really starting to hate this game.. why it has soooooo many hard levels that you can't pass unless you have gold bars or extra moves..all of a sudden I can't get the free moves and is always when you on a hard level..I am disappointed to now have to delete this game...🤬🤬🤬,8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
507,iitard,"February 2, 2023","Decent game, great for killing time. But so shameless of trying to get you into micro transactions. Many levels are almost impossible without using pay to win strategies or waiting days to get one free and hoping rng is on your side.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
508,Katie Partin,"January 28, 2023","I loved this game for years but now I hate it. I miss the old music sounds and graphics, they were absolutely mesmerizing. It's not fun anymore. Too much was changed and it ruined it.",0,1,candy_crush
509,Marion Neary,"January 19, 2023",It has been a while since I played this Game and I can see how much it Change during the Year's! It is very addictive to Play with and you can make New Friend's to help you out if you need any Life's and do the same for them! If you need Life's you can also watch videos as well!,6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
510,Linda York Demchuk,"December 24, 2022","I remember playing this game just after it came out. It use to drive me crazy , I'd get so worked up ,I could have pulled my hair out.it was an awesome game then .I can't waite to see what they've done to improve it .After what I read , I'm in for an exciting time . Can't wait.might not have any hair by the time I'm in the middle of the newer end of it. Going to give it a good try.",10 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
511,Dolly Hall,"December 19, 2022","This was much more fun when you could play against friends with how many levels you can get from Sunday to Sunday. I don't know why you would have removed that? Now, I have to many friends, people I don't even know, they are not on my friends list. I only want my friend's who are on my Facebook page. Also, having Player, Enzo, who have 63, on Sunday night when it starts over how can anyone get to first, second or third place? And now all the ads on the King games freeze up, you have to start ove",70 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
512,Moley Mole,"October 19, 2022","This last update has created a new issue with the game, when failing a level and it offering you a try again offer, you can't clear it to move onto retry the level. Clicking the cross doesn't do anything, I even tried buying the offer in the hopes that it wouldn't offer it to me again, but it still doesn't clear. You have to force quit the game and restart it, every single time you fail that level. King please fix this issue!!",695 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
513,Debbie Buza,"October 22, 2022",It can be very addictive. This is the second time I downloaded the game but both the first time and the second time I downloaded it it froze at a certain level. I don't like that when you fill piggy bank or you earn rewards that you have to pay to get them. A free game should not have to cost you money no matter how much. I feel they try to tempt you promising you rewards that when earned end out costing you money to get them. This time the game froze twice. One more chance to fix it.,239 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
514,Sharolyn Davis,"December 19, 2022","I have been enjoying this game. I am intrigued. I am often confused as I am uncertain if the game offers a ""clue"" because it seems I do better with my own intuition... My finger is swollen and the game doesn't recognize the move I wanted so that is SOMETHING I HAVE TO WORK ON... Would I recommend? YES! YES! YES!",4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
515,Julie Davis,"October 19, 2022","Im that person that absolutely refuses to spend money on apps that insist they're free to play. I highly recommend saving your progress and clearing the cache. Maybe even completely removing the app altogether from your devices periodically to progress with difficult levels. I constantly find myself stuck on even the so-called ""easy"" levels for weeks at a time, all the while in game pop up promos suggest I make purchase. It's definitely a rigged program. But stay patient. Don't buy anything!",207 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
516,Neyshera Warren,"November 26, 2022","I've downloaded this game again since the pandemic. & the game picked up where I left off at from. It was all good. Recently I had to uninstall to re-install because the game was freezing & I couldn't do anything. I LOST ALL OF MY BOOSTERS. This is very annoying because although I would sometimes spend 1.99 to buy some, I refuse to spend more than that to get me back to where I was. I will more than likely stop playing & encourage others to not even play. You don't even get extra moves anymore!",571 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
517,Omotayo Oyawale,"February 5, 2023",It's a nice brain teaser. Although they should upgrade the number of things you can do with your friends e.g play multiplayer. It also really tries to force you to spend money on it.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
518,Adiam,"January 25, 2023",I just want to play Candy Crush. I'm waiting for the game that comes up that won't let me play anymore until you want me to spend my money. I'm not spending money I am just playing the game. I have deleted this game and the past. I will do it again when I get to that one game that you give me only 15 moves to get an impossible amount of things or the puzzle is just set up that it is just impossible to wins,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
519,Alisha NoKeys,"November 28, 2022",Very Addictive game. Currently on level 8027. I've spent a lot or money on this app. I do not like the reduction in the current changes. I am sober now and will be removing the app from all devices. Thank you for this wake up call. Wonderful game but you reduce the amount of gold bars after a race and the amount of additional moves you can purchase. Thank you for waking me up. The amount of money I spent on this app is embarrassing. I stayed too long apparently to see the distasteful change.,95 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
520,Keshy Chege,"January 17, 2023",Enjoyable and best game to keep you busy...but please reward your players more especially those who've been playing diligently...it gets frustrating when you are on 10000+ games and you are stuck on a level for days on end coz the moves are few and you need to buy boosters just to complete the game...,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
521,Noke Dwi A. S.,"December 1, 2022","Good but there are some levels that really want you to lose. The last level that I just played made me decide to uninstall the game. First of all, I was literaly about to win the game (the mission is to drop 6 cherries, but we need to drop 1 by 1 in order to make each cherry appears). However, I already DROPPED 5 of them but the last one WONT APPEAR! I had to extend 3 times (using ads, and twice using gold) and it DIDNT APPEAR?! WTV?!",342 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
522,Flora Senia,"January 13, 2023","Ridiculous game. I've been install & uninstall as it went up from one level to another level. To get next level, the chance they give only 14 to 15 times only. If you want more chances, buy it. Again & again. 😑 Wasting money.🙄",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
523,Jessica Jaramillo (Jessicakes),"October 18, 2022","I like to play while I'm relaxing on my leisure time. Now, after a round of failing a level a window will pop up to buy boosters. No problem. However, when I try to exit out the window, the button is unresponsive. I restart the app and play and after failing another level the same window pops up to buy boosters. Again, couldn't exit out the window. CONVENIENTLY, the button to BUY boosters works perfectly fine. I don't mind buying gold when I WANT to but, feeling like its forced doesn't sit well",349 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
524,Shepherd Madzivadondo,"January 22, 2023","Most boring game ever , I'm thinking of leaving the game its stressing several weeks on the same level and i play it more than 6 times a day thinking that maybe i can pass this level but you will stuck for weeks on the same level.",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
525,AL MO,"January 15, 2023","Update,,more tweaks to the game only to benefits investors ,owners and probably techs... If you think you want to play...beware ,it's been tweaked daily to suck u in. . Now boring playing the same level for hours,,,prepare to spend major bucks or watch hundreds of ads daily in order to move forward..there is no payoff...apparently the techs can't even fix minor issues much less answer questions.",8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
526,Paula,"February 2, 2023","It's a decent game. But so help me, I loathe the CC ads that open the game up when you try and close the ads, and since it just happened again 1 star. Maybe be a little less pushy",0,1,candy_crush
527,Lynette Lutes,"January 13, 2023","Over hyped. Zero motivation to complete levels and continue gameplay. Game does not reward with coins, gems, power ups, or even gold bars which are the in game currency. No decorating or storyline. There is literally no reason to play this",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
528,Gabriella Hodges,"January 30, 2023","Addictive. But annoying. Make one swipe and it can finish the whole level for you. Cool at first, but frustrating after a while. Too many pop ups.",23 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
529,Mandy Sharp,"October 22, 2022","I am also getting ads that I can't close out of without closing entire game. The recent updates with the microphones and extra graphics on pages are making it really hard to see what's going on in the game. I can't see the goal or how close I am in the top right corner, there's something that looks like a % sign covering it. Also the microphones look like keyes. Stop making all the crazy graphics or allow a setting for less graphics on screen for players with sensitive eyes.",231 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
530,Manguneshane,"December 18, 2022","You are among thee most unironically evil developers on this platform. The game near constantly pushes microtransaction on you. The lives system is designed to be endlessly frustrating, and many of the levels are designed to be nearly impossible to complete within it turn limit without buying more turns. You people should be ashamed in yourselves for making a game that literal Satan would laugh at.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
531,Ayoub Niyaz,"October 23, 2022","The game itself is addictive but perhaps too much focus on silly storylines and just a number of clicks between games (not ads, just results menus and transitions). But all in all, good game. Never thought it would be quite as much fun Edit:- I'm having to reinstall the app as it freezes when I open it when it has been running in the background. i.e. If I've previously played and let the app and later want to play but haven't fully discarded it from the background apps (effectively minimize) 😖",685 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
532,CONNIE LIGHT,"December 22, 2022",Great challenging game app but would definitely be more fun if I didn't have to buy everything to get to continue to play it. Suggestion would definitely be better if your game app developers allow players to cash out the coins inside of the pig instead of charging players ridiculous amounts to get coins that they have active won by playing your game app in the first place.,3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
533,A Google user,"January 28, 2023",The new sound effects are terrible. Anti-climactic. The candy crush experience for me just ended. I can't stand the new pop sounds as you clear the board.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
534,Amy Amazon,"January 11, 2023","Fun game but after resent update, it's so annoying,the vibrating stuff,the freezing,hard to pass a level and starting afresh in order to get to the next level,I regret updating the game 🥺😭. please look into this.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
535,MUHAMMAD TAHIR,"January 2, 2023",It is a good game but after new update it take alot of time to launch which is not good. Secondly if I am playing 500 gold bar competition after 2 or 3 levels game automatically quit which destroy my winning streak. Plz fix it,9 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
536,I am Great,"January 29, 2023","As much as I love candy crush, I am backing out from playing it from now on. So annoying😡😡 how you will need to progress so far to meet up with task and suddenly the game will just back out while watching ads making me to lose my win streak. I subscribed to keep up my progress and here the app is wasting my data and showing me SHEGE😠",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
537,Maryjane Bradshaw,"January 25, 2023",Do NOT buy boosters. I am on Level 13345 and never bought a booster until a couple of days ago. I bought gold to continue my streak to win more gold than I bought. Now the Sweet Cinema has been removed and I no longer get extra moves. Candy Crush thinks I will be buying more boosters. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING ELSE. They have completely RUINED this game for me.,221 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
538,Catherine Shewchuk,"October 29, 2022","When will you fix the frozen pop-up screen? It's extremely frustrating to have to close the app and open it again after every play. This pop-up appears when I open the app anyway, so why does it have to pop AGAIN up after I attempt a level? Why not just take that 2nd pop-up out until you can figure out the problem? Are you really going to lose that much revenue? WE JUST WANT TO PLAY!!",123 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
539,William Michael Voss,"January 10, 2023",I think in this game is all about trying to make some money because i can't pass my level I have spent almost 200 lives on one level and i still cant pass this level Ive been playing for 2 years and never had a problem passing a level like this Candy Crush u better address this FAST or your going to have a MASS exitsof your game.Promise it not just me talking about it ITS ALL OVER THE INTERNET. You're going to ruin all the GOOD hard work you've done to get it popular Get IT TOGETHER CandyCrush,6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
540,crystal williams,"December 11, 2022","I love the random gifts & rewards lately. Don't mind purchasing gold bars & other such things to help progress in the game...However I hate after every level I can't just move on to another level because of the back to back pop upS to make a purchase at a discount price, especially when I purchase a power up that only last 30 mins. Overall great game though!!",110 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
541,Hattie Morant,"October 10, 2022","This game is fun at times. Much of time it's finicky and doesn't work, like right now. If I lose a game, it goes to a screen that asks me to choose, but the screen is stuck. So I have to go out of this game and start a new game. Next, the spinning wheel just spins and spins and never stops on any booster, so again, I have to go out of this game and start again. I did the UPDATE. I gave it 2 stars because I like the game, but the problems make it frustrating. I've reached the maximum words.","5,963 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
542,Carolyn Miller,"December 22, 2022",I enjoy playing Candy Crush Saga. The only one thing how you get that little frog off the board to win the game. When I get there I'm stuck and have to uninstall my game and reinstall just to continue playing Candy Crush because I can not do all the levels.,7 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
543,yams che,"January 28, 2023",You win if you get lucky. This is not about making the best move. Its about it (the game) letting you pass the level. You're gonna waste your time hoping it lets you win. Better play other real puzzles or strategy games.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
544,nathan jones,"October 26, 2022","Video ads don't give you extra moves more times than they do. Will watch the video and after watching it will say video not available and not give you extra moves. On latest update I lost the back button, have to swipe up to find it. Seems like the zoom is off. Get stuck on screens between levels and have to exit and close game, sometimes even force stop.",174 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
545,Andrew McFadden,"February 5, 2023","Game deliberately switches the move your going to make to clear the level, so for example you will be making a move to create a stripe candy but will make out you switched something else. Con of a game.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
546,Italo Barbiero,"November 17, 2022","They changed the classic sounds for new ones that honestly suck. They suck so much that I'm going to unistall the game because of them. One of the most satisfying things of this game was the sounds and effects it has when combining different candies, and they decided to get rid of that. The game hasn't been entertaining for a long time now, incredibly hard to pass any level without paying for more moves or gold. And now this? I guess they made too much money and they couldn't care less about us",581 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
547,Vera Driver,"January 19, 2023","I love this game But ur damn Ads r waay too long!!!😠😠. After every move I make, a 30 second ad comes on! They r just annoying becuz they're too bloody long!!!😠😠 AGAIN, YOUR ADS ARE TOO BLOODY LONG!!! NOT WORTH PLAYING!!! 😠😠😠😠 I've decided to uninstall this game, because of the ads And because the level I am on is just too difficult. Not worth it!!",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
548,Uddipjyoti Nath,"December 16, 2022","The game is exceptionally fun and addictive. Although the game has thousands of levels, with more than 600 episodes...but the game has only about 10 different episodes, i mean the names.. The sequence starts from Lollipop meadow to Sunny swamp....then it gets repeated over and over again....So I request the developers to add more different names to episodes for a much magical experience...",16 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
549,Beverline Adhiambo,"January 14, 2023","I just live this game. For the longest time I have played it but the problem comes when its time to change my phone, you may think you have saved your progress in gmail but once you try to get it back you just cant so I alway have to start all over again.",3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
550,george nell,"December 20, 2022","I love this game, but after the last update it gets stuck after you complete a stage. Have to close the app and restart to be able to play the next stage, very very very annoying. I'll wait until the next update fix before I play again. I hope it happens soon 🤔",3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
551,Gina Leach,"December 21, 2022",The more I play this game the more frustrated and angry . There is no way to get booster's before the game or while game is in play ! I hope you can fix it. Cute game except for that major problem. Ē,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
552,miriam bulten,"December 14, 2022","What kind of fraudulent is going on. I had lots if live, from friends but wasnt able to use it i was on my 20 lives limit. The next day all my lives where gone. Also i was watching a add to get a nee live when i received, after the add that there was no add available do i lost the game. Absolute rubbish. No more candy crush for me.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
553,Rijwan Ansari,"February 2, 2023",It's my favourite game ever. When I always bored thise is my partner in good and bad time. It is challenging game ever. Any one who play this game they know how it thoughtfulness and hard some time. My friends also help me to beat levels in ccs.,124 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
554,Ma. Luz Pallan,"December 13, 2022",expriencing a very difficult level to pass im playing at the present..but still trying over and over again until i can passed it .sometimes feeling sad ang bored because almost 12 moves only can i play the level ..but cant choose to uninstall the game for i sometimes enjoy the racing with my friends in candy crush saga,3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
555,Mina Msf,"February 1, 2023","When I started playing this game, I didn't even have a smart phone! I use to play it on Facebook and I loved it, the music was particularly my favorite thing about this game. Now they've changed the music and it's lost all its meaning to me. I can't believe I have to say goodbye to Candy Crush 😔",2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
556,Sabrina Breyette,"January 13, 2023",Too many adds in order to get free items because they want you to buy. And I always ask for more lives and don't get them. I shouldn't have to link my game to my personal friends and family in order to receive anything special. That goes against my constitutional rights and privacy. The only reason why I keep playing is because I get bored sometimes.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
557,kaitlyn Corey,"January 12, 2023",This game is SO addictive and wildly fun. It's a game within several games;all suited to challenge and help your brain. I highly recommend this game!!!! And it has races and teams as well as several opportunities to get help along the way..So download Candy Crush today!,35 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
558,damilola toyosi,"October 11, 2022","After each updates the game become so annoying, it suddenly hang and you will end up losing the level, sometimes unable to play at all. If there must be updates make sure it's good and it won't just hang or affect accessing the game. Candy Crush is getting worse because it can't be enjoyed offline too, so I have to stay online to really enjoy it. It's because I'm close to level 4,000 is why I still keep trying to play, I hope I don't get too annoyed to uninstall your game. Right now it hanging.","1,086 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
559,Zi Song Phuah,"January 31, 2023","I was at level 1346 where I have to collect two ingredients, but the two ingredients didn't drop until I went out of move. I've already cleared all the chocolates as well. How am I supposed to pass this level when the ingredients are not given???",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
560,Denise Moralez,"February 1, 2023","Diff. Phone, having to start over, I didn't backup the game. I do enjoy the challenges this game gives you. It can be fun a frustrating at the same time.","1,701 people found this review helpful",4,candy_crush
561,Lori Vandercook,"December 25, 2022",It's fun but can get expensive. If you don't purchase boosters it takes longer to pass harder levels. It's not impossible to pass the harder levels it just takes longer.,4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
562,felicia jones,"January 7, 2023",I'll edit my review later as this is my first time playing I think I'm on level 37 I kind of know what I'm doing but it is relaxing okay I'm editing it now I'm on level 47 and it is froze on me twice when you claim a reward good concept but they need to fix the bugs. And I see that they try to get you to spend money you don't have to you could keep retrying or start over. This is something I doing for the first time but I can't give it five stars,3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
563,Pat Gupton,"January 18, 2023","I love this game, and would rate it higher than I have. I don't like some things like having to wait for new lives. I like the game to relax, but I am not spending my money for boosters to be able to win. It is not about winning for me it would be much better if we did not have to wait for new life in order to play. I am an elder lady, & games are my entertainment.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
564,NeoNiix,"December 12, 2022",One star. I recently discovered it is possible to lose a level in one move (the only possible move in this specific level) because you run out of possible matches to make and instead of the game treating this like it's the game's fault and not taking your lives it takes a life and ruins your streak because the level wasn't set up correctly. It at least shouldn't take a life if you still have moves left,120 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
565,Ddot Nejtleo,"October 27, 2022","I have always enjoyed playing the Candy Crush games. However, I have had occasions where the game has not given the rewards owed to me. The level of difficulty it takes to reach an admin let's me know that they want me to jump hurdles to get situations resolved. I am past the 2000 game mark and the levels, I believe, are designed for pay to win. I don't know how much longer I will find it "" relaxing "" to play",993 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
566,Christopher Jennings,"December 20, 2022",Not the classic game. What it is now is another match game that almost immediately starts selling booster packs at you. Those might be needed as there is now a very steep increase in difficulty not long after starting.,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
567,A Google user,"December 23, 2022","Great game! Easy to learn, fun to play! I have a tiny problem, the yellow candies only start appearing after I use all my turns! So I don't actually get to use them, which is to bad. Other from that, great game! 💗",7 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
568,Victor May,"January 8, 2023",Happy/ except I have lost my ads to gain boosters to claim after watching. I even tried to un-install and add again from play store still no ads. I have added cookies but that should not be it. I never added cookies before to get adds. I purchased one time a few boosters for .99 after that is when my ads disappeared. Pleased help,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
569,Tilanderson,"September 18, 2022",I enjoy this game however I'm still learning all the various combo's. I don't like the way the candy shakes to highlight which options to select. A few times I've had 1 last obstacle to get through to win the game & the shaking items are no where near the last item to win. 8/17/22 Gaming update: I've continued playing the game intermittently. Lot's of fun. My biggest issue is when a new game starts & across the screen a hint/game suggestions appear. They disappear too quickly.,743 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
570,Thabisile Motha,"January 27, 2023","Not only does it force stop, it glitches and erases my progress. I love candy crush but I'm starting to slowly hate it because of all these issues. I update it all the time but I don't see the point because its not getting better",0,2,candy_crush
571,Christy Goode,"December 29, 2022","Enjoyed this game until it wanted to update yesterday. Absolutely ruined it with all the changes. I will be deleting the app momentarily. Never fails, get something you like and the creators screw it up with too many changes and parts of the app that don't work consistently.",0,2,candy_crush
572,Jeffrey Page,"February 17, 2023","It's fun, until you realize some levels are purposely near impossible in order to force the wallets open. Wouldn't recommend.",0,2,candy_crush
573,Kaamil khan,"December 23, 2022","This is no more an anxiety buster game, levels have become so hard that they give you anxiety... Now here is no fun left in playing this game, it takes weeks to clear one level... I never imagined in my life that I'll be uninstalling candy crush, first they made the levels too difficult to clear then they removed ads which used to give some help in clearing those difficult levels... Really disappointed with team candy crush",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
574,John Porter,"January 11, 2023",The updated version is terrible on by Android. So I removed it and can't restore the original that came with my phone. Lost all my levels so I will be removing the new version again.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
575,Tammy Fischer,"November 12, 2022","THE ISSUE JUST CONTINUES!!!! On the verge of uninstalling 😡😡 Updated review..... FIX THE BLACK SCREEN FOR WATCH AD MOVES!!!!!! RIDICULOUS!! PLEASE fix the issue of when you watch ads to claim moves, a lot of the time the ad will just be a black screen and stay that way, you will then have to completely close out of the game!!!! It is so frustrating as this has wasted so many lives and moves knowing you could have finished a level if not for the black screen!!","1,194 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
576,Jonathan Watts,"October 15, 2022","Game is fun for the most part, but my biggest complaint is lvl 40. It is just bad lvl design. The way it is set up to be played, it basically plays it self. If the striped fish fire in the right direction you have to try really hard to lose but when they randomly fire in the wrong direction, you lose before it is possible to make a single decision for yourself. Also the threshold for the sugar stars makes me feel like I'm playing slots and hitting the jackpot is as likely as winning the RL lotto",442 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
577,Nicole Hunnewell,"December 30, 2022","Fun game to play when have downtime but the levels are harder & harder to pass. Not in a fun challenging way, They are designed more & more so that you can not pass these levels without spending money for the extras",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
578,Nash Zanana Kapela,"December 26, 2022","Some levels are unbearably hard, making it boring. And when I want to finish a level it just clears off my screen, when I go back I have to start afresh, doesn't it have memory so that I start from where I left of from?",2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
579,Shopno Poka,"December 29, 2022",The timing rules in the game are a bit too boring because it has a boring effect on our brain. It is requested to change this rule and introduce the unlimited rule without delay,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
580,Leza Turnbull,"January 9, 2023","I love candy crush but the higher you go the more glitchy it gets. For me it's not getting the bonuses when completing the chocolate box, quite often. I've spent some $$ on this too so it's really annoying.",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
581,Tonya J,"December 16, 2022","Unauthorized purchases and no help. I recently discovered this game has been being played by someone other than myself, a minor and someone possibly that has my old device. I've reached out to the developer only to be pointed in the direction I started w, my bank and Google. I did a fraud claim through my bank and Google has reimbursed me but they can only go back so far. Please have someone reach out to me and take the time to go over these charges and issue a refund because this wasn't me.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
582,May,"December 21, 2022",The game get stuck everytime i proceed to the next level. I can't click the next button. I need to restart the app everytime i want to go to the next level please fix this issue,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
583,sara khlifi,"January 21, 2023",I've just started playing and I wish ther was a way to turn off the option for hints.. there's no time to think to the point is getting distracting and it takes away all the fun,0,2,candy_crush
584,Ivoh Victoria,"December 16, 2022","I gave this game a five star last year, I updated it today and found out the game freezes after each level. I have to re-open it for me to move to the next level. Please fix this!!",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
585,Labralia Allen,"December 31, 2022","Love it hate the ads ,to much time trying to get back to the games,do really mind if the ads were shorter. Love the games.",6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
586,Mikky ojeah,"January 13, 2023",Lately the game has become uninteresting. You can't watch adds to get extra boosters. It's boring. I've been stuck on a level for 3 weeks. Time to delete the game.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
587,البراءFM ALbraa,"January 23, 2023","Can you imagine, play the game for more than 2 years everyday with out stopping,and you want to check in your account to save you progress then suddenly all your progress disappear and return from the first, will that's me because of the son of bit... Game. Don't download it This is my advice",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
588,Pammy Rackley,"October 23, 2022","Up until the latest update, I would have given a 5 star. Love this game and everything about it. But now the boosters won't show. its just blank circles and the game freezes in between levels, having to close the app and reopen in order to play. I have done everything that Google and King has offered suggestions on to fix this but no luck. Please help!!! I want to play Candy Crush!!!",183 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
589,prince afo,"February 7, 2023","My experience with this game is simply exciting, have been playing candy crush consistently for 2 years plus, this is the only game that i have the patience to keep playing a hard level until i breakout, unlike other games i would delete if it proves too difficult. I suggest you develop a Candy token so that we can be rewarded for the time we've spent playing it. Delve into crypto token please.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
590,Anne Dignam,"February 18, 2023",Enjoyable game been a long time player of this game only downfall is they have changed their settings from landscape to portrait only wish they would change it back to landscape option apart from that good game,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
591,Miranda Mmatena,"February 17, 2023","This game is so therapeutic and the same time it also frustrates you so you can do better. I love, I even downloaded it on my husband's phone so that when it gets difficult on mine, I know where to run to😂❤️.",0,4,candy_crush
592,sneha,"February 10, 2023",It is very enjoyable and relaxing game. I played this game whenever I feel tired. You are never gonna feel bored while playing this game it has so many interesting levels and also it helps you to sharpen your thinking skills.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
593,A Google user,"February 8, 2023","If your looking for a game to kill time with, or were sent here by a promotional to earn currency in another game, this is not a bad game for it. Just play smart and carefully. Its not bad and for me, cute and bearable.",0,5,candy_crush
594,Timothy Strother,"February 6, 2023",I'd like the game much more if it wasn't set up to finish for you. Waste the time and genius to set up valuable moves only to have a freak rumbling take it all at less than half value. But what would one expect from a developer who stole another's Design. Bad people.,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
595,Hayden Long,"February 4, 2023",Love the game. Always have. My only issue is the app on iPhone you can watch one as before and three ads after to gets bonuses but can't on the Android? Not very fair,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
596,Innocent Goddy,"February 13, 2023","Best game so far, I have been playing this game for years now. No boring moment. It something tough and very challenging you need patient and plans to become the master of the game. Love the game so much",0,5,candy_crush
597,Megan Miller,"February 11, 2023",Helps my adhd calm down. Great way to focus on one thing and keep my mind clear of all the things I need to do in a day. I never used to pay this and was never intrested but all of a sudden I thought I would try it.,0,5,candy_crush
598,Faith Mutile,"February 13, 2023","Your rewards for the chocolate box are getting worse and worse. How am I playing to complete all the challenges only to get a timed bomb?? Also, you limited the lives I can get from friends daily... 1 star, these changes suck!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
599,Sandreah N,"February 10, 2023","Haven't played in a long time. Picked it back up again and glad I did. Ive enjoyed it since the break. It's more enjoyable now. Back then the some of the levels took forever to pass. This time, it seems a lot better. So I gave it 5 stars.",0,5,candy_crush
600,Cindy Jenks,"February 19, 2023",Love this game I may need Rehab because im so hooked on it!!!!! It keeps my mind active. It keeps me from being stressed. It keeps my mind active and i love it for coordination training. It keeps me engaged and helps me through times i have to sit still.,0,5,candy_crush
601,Shey Gaelle,"February 20, 2023",This is my best game. I keep downloading it each time I get a new phone just wish progress could be saved so I don't start all over when I download. But everything being equal I can't do without candy crush🥰,0,4,candy_crush
602,Sheryl Harris,"February 5, 2023",Fun to play. Would have given 5 stars but some of the levels are so hard you have to use up all your boosters to pass. Think this in intentional to get you to purchase.,0,4,candy_crush
603,kari brooker,"February 5, 2023","A lot of fun to spend time with to ease your mind and take some stress away .Having trouble with the video's taking a long time to get the rewards, but now can not get rewards at all sometimes.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
604,A Google user,"February 14, 2023","Candy Crush Saga is a really Fun,Match-3 or more game🍭🍬😀.An original,with great graphics and music!Now you can earn boosters(by Watching ads,if you run out)The lives regenerate and as in all games,you can buy Bundle booster packs..Join the Candy Saga Characters on a magical journey.Recommended..Easy for novices and challenging for pros.Gonna give King -5/5Stars once again and Saying ""Thanks so much for Candy Crush Saga!"" Keep the Happiness and Candy-Crushin' Alive😀👍🏻🍭🍬",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
605,Shipra Gulati,"February 4, 2023",I am always stuck at levels for a number of days ...................... It seems impossible with the given number of moves to make it on level 13420............. It is frustrating to play the same level for days. Why do you not give me Candy Royale when it is already available to other players since months .,895 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
606,Rose Tyler,"February 19, 2023",Great and entertaining game. You don't have to use microtransactions to progress and they always have fun events going on. Would recommend!,0,5,candy_crush
607,eugene carroll,"February 5, 2023","Still a great game, if your in the right mood for it. Very addictive, and hits all the right dopamine triggers. New music too, sometimes really vibey.",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
608,wraithlover,"February 4, 2023",What is the point? You don't play the game and when you can it keeps throwing words in the way or blindingly flashes so you can't see. I like games that I PLAY NOT the stupid game. When I get my points from playspot I'm deleting.,0,1,candy_crush
609,Ayodelemaria Olaide,"February 7, 2023",The hard levels are quite to much and the numbers of life for playing it less. Try and give more fruity bonus after completely finding all the scrolls instead of buying the fruity bonus with money,0,3,candy_crush
610,Stephanie Osborne-Graham,"February 13, 2023",The game keeps going black so this means you are stuck on a hard level. Please fix soon. Can't enjoy the game if you can not complete the game no fun! This is candy crush saga!,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
611,Doreen Young,"February 15, 2023","Relaxing But Idk why some ads just do nothing and I have to hide ad to continue. Also the last week or so the game has not been fulfilling awards, app has daily been not responsive and the non reward tickets, passes and such are worthless time snatchers.",0,4,candy_crush
612,Debbie Kent,"February 18, 2023","The ""nightmare"" sets are very hard to navigate. Need more trys and bonuses. Would like to see ""left over"" tries to be used for our convenience.",0,5,candy_crush
613,Nasir Jamrat,"February 20, 2023","I used to play it for many years, but it logged me out, now no way to login. Only this text is coming. 😢 (There was a connection error, try again in a bit) my level is 4950",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
614,Nessaki Mually,"February 12, 2023","Ingaging game play with new challenging elements added at a good pace. Very good at reducing stress, or just wasting time:)",0,5,candy_crush
615,RAN MAN,"February 10, 2023","Fun at times, but also quite frustrating. Some levels are created to fail, so you'll buy more lives.",0,3,candy_crush
616,Waleed Abid,"February 20, 2023",I really absolutely loved that Candy crush Saga for the game I loved it so much for my entire life since away for the past few years ago at tooting it makes me so Sad for the last year since we are coming in the end of 2022 for that I loved that game since I haven't played at COVID before well I don't think so over the past year is has been great since I haven't cared for myself at Tooting well I am thinking about that,0,5,candy_crush
617,Jasen Smith,"February 19, 2023",You guys changed the screen to portrait view only. I like playing it on my tablet landscape view. Is there a way you guys can change it back.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
618,prashanth m39,"February 10, 2023",Careful this will cause addiction play for few levels and stop. Unnecessary levels are complicated. If you have to clear you have daily boosters and try 15-20 times.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
619,Kiley Ford,"February 19, 2023",It is fun bit the reason why I did not give it a five start is because I lost my progess after being on a high level but overall it is fun when you are bores or needing to pass time. 😊 also have a good day,0,5,candy_crush
620,Joy Webster,"February 17, 2023",Looks great but instructions not clear so while in have no idea what I'm doing . It's fun Update. Getting used to things now and feeling competitive ha ha think I'm hooked ! Loving it fun colourful .,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
621,Randall Evans,"February 18, 2023",Still a fun game to play the reason for 2 stars I am so tired of some people breeze through 60 and 70 levels and watching everytime I make a color bomb booster get taken away or any other booster for that matter so you will have to make more purchases not a happy customer.,326 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
622,Jane Johnson,"February 13, 2023",Some levels take days to pass. Should be more options to win boosters and gold bars without spending money. About to uninstall.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
623,Caleb L.C,"February 6, 2023","Unbelievable.... I won the climb event not long ago and it didn't even acknowledge it or give me my items... hard to believe all these events are just fake. Spent hours gaining points all day and it just vanishes and ""couldn't contact server"" .. absolutely disgusting.",0,1,candy_crush
624,novannoir927462,"February 19, 2023",Fun game that constantly evolves with new difficulties the higher you go on the game map. Keeps things new and exciting.,0,5,candy_crush
625,Nansam Eric,"February 8, 2023",Don't download this game. It's irritating to see developers compelling us to purchase some stupid items. They're already making money out of advertisements. It's so annoying. You won't get any penny from me. If you like make it severely difficult. I will never buy those stupid items,0,2,candy_crush
626,Cynthia Reese,"February 7, 2023","When the games are so difficult that it take days - weeks to pass a single level, it doesn't entice people to continue playing! I will be uninstalling.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
627,Paula Jenkins,"February 11, 2023",It's a good game . I dont like the fact the when I update I loose everything I had it starts me over. Even when I put in my password. I've lost alot of prizes because of wifi.,0,2,candy_crush
628,Patrica Davis,"February 19, 2023",as of the 8th of this month have not been able to use my gold bars because it says it loading so i end up losing game. please check this out do i can play this game. love it but not at this time. is lots better now. great game,90 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
629,Jennifer Stafford,"February 18, 2023","It's a highly addictive game, sometimes the levels are hard to get through which is a drag, but other than that it's a fun game visually exciting🤩🤩🤩",17 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
630,Daniela Coetzee,"February 8, 2023",Love the game but there aren't any ads anymore. I'm struggling to get through a level now for over 2 weeks and I know I would get through it with help from the ads,0,5,candy_crush
631,Claudia Forman,"February 4, 2023","As long as you're patient, you can play without making outside purchases. Being a little less competitive helps.",0,4,candy_crush
632,J Brown,"February 5, 2023",It's fun and challenging at times it is like chess in that you have to think ahead a few moves. That seems the case in higher levels.,0,5,candy_crush
633,Natasha Buffington,"February 12, 2023",It keeps glitching when I rank up? Every single time I rank up. Just goes to a blank screen and freezes.,0,4,candy_crush
634,Devon Wh,"February 14, 2023",Great awesome smooth gameplay no ads so far !!!!! I play it also for the mistplay app where I earn credits for playing the games then I can get giftie card . An itz actually legit .,0,5,candy_crush
635,ADETOLA ADEWUMI,"February 11, 2023","Please candy crush team!!!! I can no longer play this game because you guys have disable rotating mode, please bring back the rotation. Because my screen phone has a problem, I can't play it unless I bend my phone to rotate",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
636,OssifiedTrout75 player,"February 18, 2023",This game is fantasticand i think everyone enjoy alot while playing thanks to group for creating such an wonderfull game.just fantastic.needs to add more boosters and increase the compitations rewards. increase moves for very hard levels. place more rewards . just make the game more fantastic.did not recieved the 50 gold bounes yet.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
637,Pennye Roberts,"February 7, 2023",thank you so much for letting us play even if we can't afford spending money on games! I have been enjoying the updates and the challenges against other players are very fun! thanks!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
638,Bianca Suffield,"February 5, 2023",Excellent game to play to pass the time. And so many easy and extremely hard levels. Making me think sometimes this game is rigged lol,0,5,candy_crush
639,Ibtisam Saif,"February 17, 2023",No more landscape orientation! Why would they make such a huge change? That was the best part about candy crush. I could play in landscape mode,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
640,Phillip Lorenzo,"February 5, 2023","Super fun, addictive, keeps my mind occupied,does relieves stress, i play everyday, it's awesome, haven't played in a long time, just started playing again still enjoyable. Takes my worries away.",19 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
641,Pradeesh Rajendren,"February 18, 2023","Offline, it seems that your intention is keen to making user watch adds Not let them play the game I'm a big fan, but sadly, I have to Uninstal the app as I'm not interested in watching adds. Thanks team",0,1,candy_crush
642,Leah,"February 7, 2023","Relaxing, intelligent, mind planning for the next decision of the brain and deciding what is the best next move .. it just relaxing with a little I'm going to out smart the competition with an attitude! 🤣",0,5,candy_crush
643,Avril Van Wyk,"February 19, 2023","Game is not the same. Can't pass levels, looks like you must spend money to pass. Not enjoyable as it use to be. Annoying.",4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
644,Radu Iliescu,"February 7, 2023","Not enjoyable anymore, some levels are impossible to pass without paying money. I played the game for more than 1800 levels and this is where I say stop.",0,1,candy_crush
645,Stephanie Begeman,"February 20, 2023",Beautiful game!! Very addictive and many creative levels to keep you wanting to play daily this is my 26th day in a row and I'm still loving it!! Well done!,0,4,candy_crush
646,Valentine Vazquez,"February 11, 2023",Game has been upgraded by the trump-fish symbol by entering the much earlier than before. Game board has been simpled. Can stump you if you think it's the old version of the this game.,0,5,candy_crush
647,Juliea Storovich,"February 18, 2023",I LOVE THIS GAME! The Developers of Candy Crush are always upgrading and integrating new twists. This game never gets old. I always come back to the original Candy Crush. Try to Stop Playing Candy Crush!!,4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
648,Julie Sexton,"February 5, 2023",Other than way too many very pushy ads this game is really enjoyable!! I would have given 5 stars but the ads are a real bother more so than others.,0,4,candy_crush
649,ErrorCode,"February 12, 2023","Unsure what is going on, but I did not get the Amazon Prime gaming stuff added after completing the tutorial! So deleted the bloatware if ya gonna scam us like that, waited hrs an still nothing!",0,1,candy_crush
650,Maria,"February 20, 2023",Fun to play! I enjoy playing this game because it makes me focus and pay attention so I don't miss anything! I also like that you can watch an ad or two to get more lives and play longer!,0,5,candy_crush
651,Cripatic Egovin,"February 14, 2023",It's nice and challenging but it's slow you can shorten the ads. Please improve the pace.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
652,L B,"February 10, 2023",Game keeps glitching on level 5640 and when I have won the level the game freezes and I have to start the level all over again!,0,1,candy_crush
653,Becki Giovinazzo,"February 5, 2023","Overall great. But, when you receive 5 lives as a prize, even if you're lives are full, you should be able to use those at some point, even if for a limited amount of time",0,4,candy_crush
654,brad workman,"February 11, 2023",Done with this game.... it didn't use to be like this. Now you get stuck on levels with a huge amount of task to complete in an impossible amount of moves. Deleted 🤷‍♂️🖕,0,1,candy_crush
655,Bangtan YTV,"February 18, 2023",Best game when you feel depressed or tensed just play this the music and the crushing sounds will calm your mind don't take the game so seriously just play with as you wanted it's okay to lose at least the music and sound will calm your aniety!,0,5,candy_crush
656,A Google user,"February 13, 2023","I am having so much trouble with the boosters. For some reason I haven't had a booster in 2 whole days. So I'm very behind in my levels, and very disappointed 😞!",0,3,candy_crush
657,Sonya Yungeberg,"February 19, 2023",Apparently as of tonight candy crush is portrait mode only. I have been enjoying this game on my iPad for years and am now going to have to find something else to play. Why would they do this? I would leave 0 stars if it let me.,0,1,candy_crush
658,brofist _army123,"February 3, 2023","Game could be fun at times, just the monetization is very heavily present, maybe tone it down a notch. Otherwise a pretty great game",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
659,Le Ena,"February 19, 2023","I just don't like it since its have been updated like some level are like extremely hard no matter how many times you play it will take 3,4 days to solve and sometimes week its doesnt let you win i m gonna uninstall it😡😡🙄🙄🙄",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
660,Simon Howes,"February 12, 2023",Why have you removed screen rotation? This makes it umplayable on any tablet on a stand as most are in landscape mode. Deleting existing features will never garnish anything but anger from users.,0,1,candy_crush
661,Hailey How,"February 9, 2023",This game is pretty fun but a downside to this is when you merge three together and more candies fall down and they merge together you cant manually merge unless the automatic merges stop so if u could fix this problem I'd give it a five star rating,0,4,candy_crush
662,Moeketsi Rampupi,"February 7, 2023","Quite fun to play. Quite challenging. If you really wanna pass time and have fun or de-stress, this a great game for all that.",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
663,Ginger Vandal,"February 13, 2023","I love playing this game just to pass an hour or two. I always end up playing longer because I can't put it down. I love puzzle type games, strategy games.",0,4,candy_crush
664,rohan jadhav,"February 12, 2023",I am deleting this game because its become hectic because some level have big target and have less moves. Eg level 260 have only 15 moves we have to break 100+ white block plus it is double and 50+ mix blox i.e. it get increased in shades. 😡,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
665,Sara Cova,"February 19, 2023","I would love if it would be a bit lighter and if it would function under slow internet, from the rest it is perfect.",5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
666,189sigma,"February 8, 2023",Great game but too many hard levels. 5 times to play and then wait. Not everything should be about money.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
667,Linetta,"February 18, 2023","I love candy crush it definitely helps me relax from a stressful day ,just hates it took me this long to play it's extremely addictive in such a fun way and definitely a stress reliever I get lost for hours playing it 🙃",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
668,April Callahan,"February 19, 2023",Its amazing i have been playing since i was a little girl its very challenging and feel that its the best game ever but i wish i had more lifes but i love them/it!!!!!!!!!!!!,0,5,candy_crush
669,Nieta Sham,"February 6, 2023",The game is great however sometimes it is really impossible to pass the level.. so much assistance needed.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
670,RosaLinda Rodriguez,"February 10, 2023",I'm a slow starter keeps me on my toes Sometimes i want to give up but there i go. I concentrate which helps. I'm a senior just trying not to get old too fast.,0,4,candy_crush
671,Vickie Reedy,"February 10, 2023","I am pleased to hear the return of the old ""Winner"" song's tune. The newer music was very boring and dull. Thank you.",0,4,candy_crush
672,Adrian,"February 10, 2023",Getting tired of this. Loosing Gold every week lately due to the game issues. It's a 10 years game and you couldn't manage to make it stable?,0,1,candy_crush
673,Christopher Greene,"February 13, 2023",It's OK but haven't had reward videos in days been stuck on the same level for days. Alot of pop ups and inconsistencies,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
674,Grace,"February 7, 2023",Fun and addictive. I like this game also because it gets you thinking of how to work out the puzzle/patterns in the game.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
675,Vicki Knizat,"February 9, 2023","Have to guess and take chances, learning process. Easy to see how it is popular and addictive. Y0U have made challenging changes . What's up ahead ...... Miss Vicki",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
676,OFFICIAL KID,"February 5, 2023",Game is rigged. Developers deliberately prevent you from advancing to trick you into believing you've done something great when a level is cleared.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
677,Kye Crisp,"February 12, 2023","Just uninstalled, which is a shame because it was a fun game in the beginning, but once you reach a certain level, it's impossible to pass without paying.",0,2,candy_crush
678,Rose Sutton,"February 6, 2023",I like this game. Its not too difficult but its constantly trying to sell me something and my bank is full but I refuse to pay to increase its size.,0,4,candy_crush
679,Tracy Dimaio,"February 18, 2023",Only play if your willing to pay money to advance levels. It's fixed to keep you stuck for days on the same level,0,5,candy_crush
680,Nyiko Khosa,"February 8, 2023",Very addictive and fun. I enjoy myself when I'm playing. The visuals and sound are top teir. Best game I've played ever. I see why it's a favorite for many. Loving it!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
681,Nitsa Gonzalez,"February 8, 2023",Love the action and different levels. Love all the levels and being able to collect rewards.,4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
682,deborah sturdivant,"February 8, 2023",Great job on new levels and bonuses! Loving the new upgrades!! The races are fun too. Love extra gold bars. New race and tile board adds to the fun! Nice new perks.much more fun.,101 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
683,Hussein Abdallah,"February 5, 2023",Honestly I'm still disappointed with this game..now some of the boosters received from daily basis are not added..they only shown on the inventory...but during playing nothing shown..Until they disappeared forever without using it..,0,1,candy_crush
684,Addison English,"February 11, 2023","It's still fun but please please please bring back the old map, I miss all the different locations there were and now it's just the same thing repeated over and over again.",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
685,Qurat Ul Ain Yasir,"February 11, 2023","I get less moves than others , and it is impossible to complete a level. I'm on level 13300 and quitting this game because I don't want to waste my money on unjust level",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
686,Flora Muyelele,"February 6, 2023","I have been playing this game for years now but I have never known how to redeem the gold bars, can someone kindly help me. Coz they are full!!",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
687,Rosanny Martinez,"February 8, 2023",Is this an amazing game but sometimes it has too many notifications from events. Sometimes you finish a level and you have 5 things popping up,0,4,candy_crush
688,Omowunmi Show,"February 6, 2023","I really love this game. But the new updating is bad. Please I really hate the vibration added to it, is there a way I can stop it from vibrating, it's really annoying",0,3,candy_crush
689,Chloe Lim,"February 3, 2023",no longer offers watch an ad for free life or extra moves after i did an in-app purchase. hope u can bring back this watch an ad for free lives and extra moves... etc.,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
690,M-Sis & P-Bro,"February 10, 2023",I love candy crush! I love the fact that when you move a candy it sometimes explodes! Its a very soothing game for me and i am so glad that you guys keep making updates because i always feel so excited for whats comming up next!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
691,Maria Matrix,"February 17, 2023",I am simply good at this game and i love it. Been playing for years now. The fact you get extra lives and stuff for watching ads makes watching them bearable.,0,5,candy_crush
692,Rusty Mullins,"February 7, 2023",Makes the higher levels impossible without using extra help or watching ads. Changes things they offer after doing tasks and cheats you out of your rewards you just earned.,0,1,candy_crush
693,Alex,"February 5, 2023","Game is fine, heavily pushing for IAP and the ads are super shady. I've never heard of watch an ad for a chance to maybe get a reward, unethical.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
694,A Google user,"February 9, 2023",So challenging yet so much fun! Playing this game entertains me with many smiles !!! Still playing after many years -a definite stress reliever for sure.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
695,Penelope Mintrim,"February 18, 2023","Really enjoying it, even all the ads don't seem so bad when you get rewards. I'm glad I downloaded it and I'm hooked at the moment!",0,5,candy_crush
696,Dileep Narayanan,"February 11, 2023","Hi, I did purchase the Saturday special offer of Rs.29 today. Did 3 times. Money debited from account all 3 times but application said unsuccessful. I couldn't get the bought items as well.",0,4,candy_crush
697,T R Finley,"February 4, 2023","Enjoy the challenge, but as with most games it is pay to play if you want to be competitive in the competitions. Some people are not able to do that.",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
698,Tshepang Bosilong,"February 4, 2023",It has happened multiple times where the level didn't release the required number of fruits and I lost the level.,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
699,Giorgi Tsomaia,"February 12, 2023",Anything but relaxing at this point. Not giving any ads to earn boosters anymore. Probably trying to make me spend money. Never thought I'd be asking for ads lol. Not cool man.,0,1,candy_crush
700,ks tham,"February 17, 2023","Warning. Do not purchase online for extra moves or boosters. If you do purchase, you lose all ads videos which come with extra moves and boosters.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
701,Mary David,"February 12, 2023",Been playing all candy crush games for years now. I really love playing. Just wish they had better options than having to purchase lives and gold bars,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
702,Bhawna chadha,"February 9, 2023","Playing on a new handset ,but game sucks ,sweet cinema has disappeared , unable to play game without all the goodies team candy should look into it.My game has been totally spoiled .No not having fun, my game has been spoiled ,not getting sweet cinema .No sweet cinema no fun ,I can't buy goodies they are very expensive .No Fun without Sweet cinema , they have purposely stopped it in my game .Even after completing a level on top no gold bars are given ,they want the players to buy goodies .No fun",626 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
703,Michael King,"February 12, 2023","This game is starting the be boring. Hard levels up and down, nd I believe the reason for that hard levels is for one to spend..... matchewww",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
704,Pilates Body,"December 14, 2022","Decided to update my review since improvements have been made which is great. Been playing candy crush for 10 years,I can't believe it has been that long. Time is flying. One thing I've noticed I will not give up on a level until I've completed it like I will not put the phone down unless I've passed. I've spent over a week on a particular level but felt great victory once I completed it. Is there a way we can see how long it takes us to personally pass a level we're on?",813 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
705,AJ Shaikh,"December 28, 2022","I made a purchase of 269 inr golden ticket at 724am ist with all the boosters and the payment went through at both ends. I didn't get the boosters of golden ticket as promised on the purchase. I wrote an email to the candy crush customer care and they asked me to share the proof of payment of gpay and screenshot was shared by me. However, Allen the maggot at customer care is not helpful and I've been cheated on the purchase for 269 inr. I've reported the same but no use.",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
706,Larry Fenn,"January 12, 2023","Lost all the color bombs and candy that I had earned. Been two days and they still haven't been returned. Grrr! And once again! Lost all the color bombs and candy I earned and noticed that both times, it has also taken away all the hands to move candies, the hammers and basically everything I have earned. All Gone!",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
707,Stine Laursen,"December 24, 2022",Don't pay! If you purchase anything once it will remove ads so you'll no longer get extra moves etc by watching an ad. This is BS way to get people to pay to play. I've just stopped playing.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
708,E A,"February 13, 2023",Been playing for ten years. Lately they levels take weeks without purchasing boosters. Making it not fun anymore isn't a great way to keep players,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
709,Sherry Johnson,"December 28, 2022",Was fun til update now I have to exit game everytime I lose a board because it just keeps wanting what a joke. my money for boosters. Another reason why it's not fun anymore is they took away the bonus videos so much for that .If it doesn't work soon I will delete game and forget about it .On some boards you have 125 jellies to destroy with 13 moves total . Oh by the way you need to take a ideal from best fiends they give daily gifts not stingy with gold or free lives also gives you a free gift,14 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
710,Marta Saenz,"February 10, 2023",This game is so much fun it's my favorite pass time really enjoy this game! I can't put my phone down! Love this game. Lots of levels to keep me busy my favorite game ever 10 years and still fun loving this game more levels more fun,6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
711,Brian Mendenhall,"December 13, 2022","This game has the potential to actually really be fun, but I find it difficult to enjoy when it doesn't follow the rules it sets... A candy being matched when there are no candies of the same near it and no reason for it to trigger. Having 3 turns available and when I make a move, somehow it goes from 3 available to none in a single turn. Not enjoyable when the game does that.",79 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
712,Kayce Mccament,"January 30, 2023","It's a really fun stress relieving game!!! With hundreds of levels!!!😎 the only thing I don't like is that you have to pay to claim your gold piggy bank ??As well as pay for more lives , and more boosters etc..👍☺️ So good luck",10 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
713,Blu River,"January 4, 2023",Absolute garbage now!! Hard levels impossible to pass no booster give outs and money ads left right and centre. I'm literally about to uninstall not fun just frustrating now!! Now they have click bait ads that dont play unless u press play icon which automatically brings u to OLG website and doesn't even play ad to give u it booster. I literally have to close the game because it hangs 😡😡😡,10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
714,Jeff Aldridge,"January 25, 2023","game involves little if any skill. most of the boards rely on luck. no surprise: it's designed to entice you to buy boosters. boosters will often ""randomly"" be placed where they don't really help: ergo wasting them. ""random"" in this game is misleading... there's a ""random"" chance assigned by the game at the start of each board. about 1 in 10 of whether you will win that round. if it predecides first that you will not beat the level, nothing you do including boosters will work",323 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
715,gunplay junior,"February 7, 2023",I love this game but and i like the challenge aspect as well but it should have a place where you can search for a friend you know rather than a strangers you dont know,0,2,candy_crush
716,Caelan Sayler,"December 23, 2022","Fun game, but quickly gets impossible to progress without spending lots of real money. Do not play unless you have lots of money to burn or you enjoy being stuck on each new level for weeks.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
717,rin N,"February 19, 2023",Once you beat the level it's very satisfying to hear the sounds it makes when it auto plays!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
718,Bar Bara,"February 20, 2023",We need a new way to get the colour bomb without paying. Like give us more ads to watch for boosters! I posted this last year and I saw a difference. I'm happy,21 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
719,craig simpson,"January 21, 2023",Your customer service sucks you send a auto response and ask if it covers problem i said no and i get a email asking how was the customer service you recently provided. 1 only cause i cant put 0 or a negative. Not to mention things blowing up that dont get hit by nothing like the color bomb and it happens to stop people from levelin up to quickly but it still cheating us as players and reason i quit years ago!! Why do things blow up and not hit by anything. Still nothing weeks later your idiots,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
720,Nancy Culver,"February 18, 2023","Not happy with the newest upgrade to the portrait size game. I play on my laptop.....if I wanted small, I would play on my phone.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
721,Daniela Gutierrex,"February 19, 2023","Love candy crush saga! It's very fun and i feel like it's making me smart from the harder levels,i think it's a very entertaining game and recommend getting this game!",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
722,lisa c,"February 16, 2023",Really sucks when you get a new Android phone none of the boosters and lives don't carry over!!! Even the makers of Royal Match were able to get it right and have everything carry over!!! Should take lessons from them.,0,2,candy_crush
723,Maulia Agustini,"February 4, 2023","Amazing ! I had fun playing classic arcade games, good thing I still keep Facebook account linked with my candy crush progress, I won't have time to restart from beginning.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
724,Deborah Divine,"February 16, 2023","Really fun game!! Has some really nice changes. Thank You! Extremely fun😊😊😃Very nice to play! Quite addicting! 😬frustrating at times, but keep on!👋👋Try it , you'll like it!👋😃😉Liking the new basketballs!! 🐱😊😁🐸🐥🌞👋🐱So fun! Still playing!! Still fun to play after talking a break😀🤣a must play! Very nice to play! No disappointment here! Just lots of fun and action!",158 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
725,Robert Thompson,"February 8, 2023","I played this game sometime ago on a different device. I enjoyed it then, playing each and every day. Now a friend got me playing it again and I rarely play the other games I were playing in my spare time. This is definitely a classic in my book.",0,5,candy_crush
726,Polkinx,"February 16, 2023","Very bad game. Offers rewards to play it through other games, and then makes up excuses on why they can't give you the rewards. Will never touch anything in the Candy crush saga series again.",0,1,candy_crush
727,Neil,"February 21, 2023","At this time at 5:40 am, the game cheated, by changing a piece to a blue 🔵 piece when I exchanged a red piece in order to get two of the chocolate candies with sprinkles on them next to each other so a power move could be made. So when I exchanged the red piece a place, the game inserted a blue 🔵 piece. The two power pieces would not be next to one another to create a power play, I would have won the board as the two power pieces would have cleared the board. I was cheated!",0,1,candy_crush
728,Eleanor Duffett,"February 15, 2023","Love the game, finding it addictive. The levels do get harder but you find ways through each try to win them.",0,5,candy_crush
729,Charol Smith,"February 15, 2023",New stuff having fun thanks still enjoying the game very much.Continuing the rest fun game.had to start new series. Had problem solving in other series so came to this one. Having fun again . Yeah! Sunny funny day. Good Fun!another pretty day. Hooray.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
730,Madda Filokraut,"February 17, 2023","Addictive but too many ads and can't play for long because after 5 lives, you have to wait again until you can play...unless you pay.",0,2,candy_crush
731,Benny Panella,"February 15, 2023","Candy crush is just your classic reliable time waster. Solid game, it's fun, it's challenging. You can't ask for much more out of a mobile game",0,5,candy_crush
732,Marjorie Baronner,"February 16, 2023","This game stinks. I don't like the rotation of the game and King pitted me against someone i will never be able to beat unless she dies. Then you took all my rewards I had saved. Thanks, just thanks.",0,1,candy_crush
733,Mohammad Elawady,"February 1, 2023","I just don't get it, no matter if my bank is full or empty, I can't earn gold. I met other player, that have thousands of gold, without the need of buying bigger bank. This is totally unfair and so bothering.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
734,ArbAaz UmAr,"February 15, 2023","It's so frustrating that you guys have stopped giving rewards on consecutive level winnings 😡 The game was smooth than ever, but you made it a useless game 😡 you don't even deserve a single star 🤬😠😤",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
735,JINSI,"February 17, 2023",I like this game very much.. But the latest update is very bore... Network is unavailable in this game for a few days and cannot send life to friends... Please fix this problem,0,3,candy_crush
736,Marcy Guess,"February 15, 2023",Love the game. Hate the ploys to make me only do well if I spend money. I will just wait when I can no longer succeed without wasting money on unnecessary things.,0,4,candy_crush
737,Julie Mycock,"February 15, 2023","As of today Feb 15th you can only now play in Portrait mode and this is unacceptable. They did this before, you should have the choice, I hate Portrait mode.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
738,Roy Smith,"February 15, 2023","Been playing for years and suddenly they withdraw landscape mode from the game. That's me finished with it, I'll use up all my lives and uninstall it. Idiots.",0,1,candy_crush
739,Vivian Cox,"February 14, 2023",Swedish fish will hit target and not take it out. Tried to contact for feedback but it has no way to enter Candy Crush and sent feedback from Farm Heroes. I uninstalled it for months and I will do it again,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
740,Diksha Bhardwaj,"February 15, 2023",It's satisfying at all I loved it ya some levels are hard but it improves our ability to think and it makes my mind sharp 💎 best game!!!! 👌 it is the only way to make our mind sharp,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
741,Wanda Rodriguez,"February 15, 2023",I have ADHD and when I get brain fog 🌫️ I beat the hell out of this game! It actually helps me remain calculating and a straight way to focus on one thing! It doesn't disappoint. 110323 still best medicine!i love this game!,28 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
742,Ta Poo,"February 16, 2023","Behaves like cartels. Absolute money grab. There's no randomness in the game, everything is optimized to deceived you. Ridiculous time restrictions, so long...",0,1,candy_crush
743,Adele Richardson,"February 15, 2023",Needs to be consistent across all devices.why do you not get the same bonuses etc on all devices.this is frustrating.or the same in game special themes/levels getting harder seriously this becoming a rip off u just want people to spend more and more and more money why have I lost sweet cinema. it's expensive and becoming a joke .the cost to get of levels is scandalous 😤🙄🤔😡ripped off considerably😗😑,383 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
744,Akua,"February 15, 2023",Fairly relaxing and decent. Can be extremely challenging. I recommend brakes when trying the high levels,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
745,Tobie Quay,"February 17, 2023",I do not like the change from landscape mode to portrait mode. I am finding that I don't want to play the game as much now. It would be nice if you gave us a choice.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
746,Sarah Talukder,"February 15, 2023",Not fun anymore. Limited moves on the hardest levels so you end up having to make multiple purchases.,0,1,candy_crush
747,Allure events,"February 17, 2023",I have played this long back .that time it's was much better..this time all the options are not working properly. Lot of bugs..,0,4,candy_crush
748,Beth Nozaki,"January 14, 2023","Play our game but don't play our game without spending money. They want you to play as your daily treat machine will penalize you 5 days of playing for every single day you put your device down and do other things. They don't want you to play as your friends can send you up to 200 lives, but you can only refill 4 times using them. So who cares if you have 200 in storage you can only use 20 a day. More than that and you must wait for them to refill over time. Honestly not sure why I still play.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
749,Akwesi Essien,"January 27, 2023","Really nice game and it can be played off and online , not slow when playing but some levels seem too hard mostly when offline with out no extra chances to continue (when offline) it seems boring to play.",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
750,Chinenye adanma,"February 8, 2023","Now a very boring game, uninstalling asap, since we now play just one level for a week, it's useless and no longer fun, you better fix ur app or u keep loosing customer cause obviously you just lost one which is me",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
751,Kaimie Yusoff,"February 8, 2023",Really good games. Can i get like Candy Crush Saga 2?? haha. When i was stress i play this game so much and i really enjoy it can you give secret pack plss i swear if you guys support me and i will support so much. Ty for this game. I enjoy so much,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
752,Alka Raste,"January 12, 2023",I m playing this games since 4 -5 years. All was good. I was getting boosters & additional moves by watching promotional video ads.... But recently in a v v hard game i made purchase of Gold bars and they completely stopped giving this privilege of watching ads. Not only they stopped it in all other candy games like candy soda ect. also. I m at 12940...and games are tood hard with limited moves and now it seems impossible to move further and will hv to stop playing this game & uninstall,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
753,Mathew Alfaro,"February 6, 2023","I have very bad experience this app, my internet is very good but your app is so bad the worse is my boosters all gone and the sweet events are also gone too i don't know what happen this app Pls fix your app, pls fix my problem",8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
754,Martin Muriuki,"February 3, 2023",Very enjoyable game with a very easy and user friendly module. It guides the user too,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
755,Nikhil Siwach,"January 13, 2023",Best game . I really like this game 😊😊😍😍 In this game we find so many challenges and I love challenges. So many levels and rewards also . Chance for daily spin to get rewards. Adds available for rewards. We can play this game with net and without net also. We have five lives in the game. Some levels are very easy but some levels are very difficult and it's hard to solve them but if we keep trying we can solve them. For me this game is fantastic game...,201 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
756,Renee Moorer,"February 16, 2023","Glich in system login yesterday to receive my rewards oh, did not receive my rewards yesterday. Smh this happens often, then what is with having Inventory if you can't access it at lease once or twice a week when you want or need it?",2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
757,Sam Ali,"February 15, 2023","Candy Crush Game Reviews. sana ali Candy crush saga game reviews shorts line? ""Sweet and addictive, Candy Crush Saga is a must-play for puzzle game lovers."" ""Be prepared for a sugar rush! Candy Crush Saga is the ultimate candy-swapping adventure."" ""Fun, colorful, and challenging - Candy Crush Saga will keep you coming back for more."" ""With hundreds of levels and new challenges added regularly, Candy Crush Saga never gets old.""",0,4,candy_crush
758,Gloria Conklin,"February 5, 2023",More fun than 4 yrs ago when I played. Perfect way to relax and unwind. A way to momentarily forget about all the negative brought into life,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
759,Ro Wallace,"December 20, 2022",I really love this game I have been playing this for over 2 years now its been amazing so relaxing stress removal. Unending levels awesome work this is very recommended to any one who might go through some difficult time . This game will take your mind of your troubles .💓💓💓,31 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
760,Antonia Koutsogianni,"September 17, 2022","Hey there, what is going on with the game? The f 5 all of a sudden , gone, when I finish the race there are no gold bars as an award, the sweet cinema gives boosters rarely, I'm stuck on 12532 with no boosters, no golden bars and only 20 moves. It's not fun any more. If you don't fix it in the following days, I'm about to delete it after 10 years playing!!! Disgusting!",502 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
761,Melissa McCormick,"February 19, 2023","Please for the love of all that is good, stop all the pop ups. I have to close 8 pop ups every time I don't want to immediately retry a level.",8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
762,No Ra,"December 31, 2022","Can't connecty account to the game, it disconnected all by ITSELF and I can't connect anymore, I don't even know which level I am at on the cloud, so I can't delete. But Ironically, the game can connect to the shop just fine! Greedy bastards",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
763,Becky Lewis,"January 3, 2023",Thought I'd give the game another try but it's just as bad as before...only way past some levels is to play them over and over and over BORING Especially if you don't buy into their money ploy pay $$$ for extra chance to win NO FN THANKS!! I'LL be uninstalling the pos again!!,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
764,Sarah Leal,"November 11, 2022","I've noticed the game play to be much more challenging. Then I've noticed that the level I am on, 1969 was 20 moves earlier this year. Now it is 16. Making the game harder so we will buy your boosters? A quick Google and others have noticed too. I don't mind paying to have a more fun experience, I'm an adult and can spend my money however I want. But to not be able to enjoy a game without constant paying to pass troublesome levels? I can choose how to spend my time too.",557 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
765,Just Joe,"January 3, 2023","You reach a high enough level and you'll find yourself trapped in extremely complex maps with 20 moves or fewer and utterly garbage matches. You'll be stuck with stuff way at the top and waste half your moves, burning through your measly 5 lives in a few minutes and welp that's it. Want a fighting chance? Give them your money. Swipe the stress away my %$$.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
766,Jamie Ross,"December 23, 2022","Too many incredibly hard levels, not enough boosters so impossible to really progress unless you spend money which I refuse to do. Shame, as it used to be fun.",5 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
767,Bronacha Taft,"February 19, 2023",The last update is terrible. I can't play it on my chromebook because it is in portrait view too small. Is this going to be fixed ?,0,1,candy_crush
768,Robyn B,"January 23, 2023",Made a purchase and never got my gold. I sent in a support ticket and they said this happens when switching devices. I never did switch devices Had literally just bought it and got no credit. I sent in proof and was ignored. They stole my money and I can't get any further. I won't buy anything again.,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
769,Anastasiia Kazakova,"February 7, 2023","So uninstalling and reinstalling the game deletes all my bosters? Well thank christ at least they let me keep my gold. I had a lot of those, and had I known they would do that, I would not have reinstalled the game at all.",0,1,candy_crush
770,Chris Bagwell,"February 11, 2023","It's a good time killer, but some of the levels a hard as heck lol. So get ready for your brain to hurt. 😆",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
771,Puspendu Ghorai,"January 30, 2023","Best time pass game 😂...... It will not be boring, it will be fun, it will be interesting 😅....... Hope you like it 🥰..... Can be played both online and offline 🙂 ... No ad breaks....... Free and Purchase can be played in both ways ...... Download now if you want to play ...... thank you ........🙏💙",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
772,Kuture Peace,"February 4, 2023",Good game but can you update the software so that email registered users can be friends with Facebook registered users..I'm failing to be friends with a friend of mine who uses Facebook whilst I use email,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
773,Sue,"February 16, 2023",Used to be fun. But levels that take days or weeks to pass is completely ridiculous. Nothing fun about it anymore.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
774,Akeya Marnelli Cesa,"February 6, 2023",This game is stress relieving. I play this when I'm also bored. This really entertains me. Every level is exciting. Love this ever since.,0,5,candy_crush
775,Aparajita Dubey,"January 15, 2023","This game is not stress buster, it will increase your stress every third level is so tough that you will feel like breaking your phone playing same level for a week and then immediately it will solve the level on its own!!! They will force you to buy help and gold and pay them money. But i am not fool to give you money. Im playing this game since 12 years on and off... But im irriated now.",0,1,candy_crush
776,Wendy Lord,"January 12, 2023","I love the game, but I am unwilling to spend, so it limits my progress, my experience, and my ability to enjoy all the game offers. Sooner or later I will delete, because it will frustrate me.",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
777,Fiona Good,"January 27, 2023","I have played candy crush off and on for years. Today I am uninstalling. Why? Your ads in other games popping open Google chrome and play. Interactive ads that take over my tablet. So since you've decided to be invasive, your game gets removed from my life. Good job",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
778,Rosemary Pithatho,"December 8, 2022","The game is amazing 💥 But the super hard levels which are almost impossible to complete without spending money are what makes the game boring at times. Especially that now it seems the ads ain't showing up to help us complete levels or even reward us with some boosters. It's just a headache, instead of relieving stress, it adds to it.",96 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
779,Tina Craft,"October 20, 2022","Still a battery drain (and the phone is new). BUT, the bigger issue is that the game freezes after I pass a level. Kind of annoying, especially if I'm racing to the end and lose my lead because I have to close and reopen the game after every other level 🙄. This has been happening with other King games as well",173 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
780,Gary Nicolay,"February 13, 2023",I have had a conversation with customer care for over 1 1/2 months...they keep I have I I have had conversations with the customer care for 1 1/2 months...NO SERVICES rendered...I have several emails on the same computer but have different versions of the game...after winning the rewards disappear. I quit...,0,2,candy_crush
781,Catherine Windsor,"November 22, 2022",The levels are sometimes almost impossible to beat and I do not want to have to spend money on this game and after a recent update that will not let me play the level again without spending money I have to get out of the game and come back later after it's cleared very annoying!! This game is getting more and more annoying they don't care about the people only getting money!! Even with boosters I can't win the level and I'm about ready to delete it!!!,129 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
782,Corinne Villeneuve,"January 14, 2023",Level 6021 I have been on this level fir 2 months. I have spent money like buying lives and many other items. I am done spending money on this and still haven't conquer this level. This Candy crush is becoming stressful and stupid after being on a level for a couple months. Too candy crush just to let you k ow I will not spend anymore money on this level as Iam losing interest in the game.,223 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
783,ANGEL MARIYA A J,"January 31, 2023","Its really a relaxing game.The highlight of this game is that without internet you can play,so the network issue wont bother you,anytime anywhere you can access this game,personally,I really enjoy this game during my leisure time. Thanking you for providing such interesting and simple game.Thanks a lot",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
784,Debra Millwood,"December 2, 2022","I have had this game 3 times. Because the developers decided to go after more money, the levels have way less moves and some are almost Impossible to do without a purchase. Way too much money at 1.99 each time you play on. Cmon! It used to be fun, now it's just depressing! Good luck keeping players around at $2.00 a level.",97 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
785,Mrs. Abduhl Bedford,"December 30, 2022",The reason why I give 2 stars. I love the game but I was on over 700 stages done and had to start over. I would have been ok with it had it happened because I switched phones but it didn't. So I'm working on Candy Crush from 1. I still love the game ***** stars.,4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
786,saumya dhanda,"February 1, 2023","They want us to pay and hv removed the option for getting additional lives, also no ""frnds"" donate any lives anyway aftr this update. It's better y'all fix this cause this game is getting stressful which is quite the opposite of what it's supposed to do. Or else it's your loss, me and PPL like me will stop playing this game.",0,1,candy_crush
787,MailaTalie,"October 24, 2022","It's fun, but there are WAY too many pop up notifications. If I want to check my chocolate box after one singular level, I have to X out of 5 different in-game messages. Sometimes I have to exit twice from the next level start pop up. As of recently, I have to completely exit the game to get rid of the helper owl pop-up on level 540 when I want to retry. The X button doesn't work.",159 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
788,Jannetta Williams,"January 12, 2023","It's ok at times , but Literally hard to get off of Levels , And I don't think it's fair to make a game so hard, when all the time it's supposed to be for the Fun of the Game okay ,,,!!!!! But they are exercising our brain for the Hard of it.🤔🤷",2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
789,Bronia Lovell,"February 7, 2023","Another addictive game which never fails to evoke my competitive spirit. And 4 years on, I've restarted the Saga from the beginning!",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
790,Kelly Lyons,"October 26, 2022","I love playing its fun and it passes time but what I don't like is even the easy levels get super hard sometime as hard as the super hard levels. I'm passed level 6000 and it's no longer about strategy but I believe an algorithm controls when you win or lose, I think this is done on purpose so you buy boosters and extra lives to keep playing. Another thing I hate is you finally get 15 minutes of a booster and there are so many pop ups that you really are not getting a full 15 minutes.",634 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
791,Mary P,"January 23, 2023","Over level 2000 it's not fun. 15 moves are not enough unless you buy. Even if you have boosters, the game will still end up the same. Not paying to play. You'd think they've got to be millionaires with all the ads and players who are willing to pay.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
792,Christy Smith,"November 28, 2022","The levels are no longer winnable with the number of moves allotted. The version changes as well so, for example, level 12838 was easier when someone else posted about how to pass it but is now impossible to pass without acquiring extra moves. It's no longer fun, which is good because it's no longer addictive.",102 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
793,Fiona Cheung,"February 9, 2023","Game is great. Really colorful and fun!! They also reintroduced the feature to turn off hints, I am very happy!",0,5,candy_crush
794,Stuart K,"January 10, 2023",Ads for Candy Crush are ridiculous! Meaning ads for this game when playing others. Way too many. Way too many clicks to dismiss the ad. And eats too much time.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
795,sherry biggar,"January 8, 2023",Just completed level 179. I reached all of my goals and the game said I didnt. There were no more chocolate squares to clear yet the game said I missed two which I clearly didnt. This has happened a few times prior. That's the reason for 1 ☆,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
796,Joyce Thompson,"February 18, 2023",Relaxing game. I like playng competitively. I really like earning boosters. I like the opportunity to earn moves and boosters by watching advertisements.,0,5,candy_crush
797,NOLOYISO FANISIWE LYDIA MJWAHA,"January 30, 2023","It's a very vibey game, keeps time going. Though some levels are quite challenging but to a certain extent they're a repetition series",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
798,Anthony Odom Jr,"February 3, 2023",Adventures and Fun and funny and exciting. Can't stop playing this game it's so addictive. Play all night long. Just love spending money,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
799,Sky Joy castle,"February 14, 2023",From past few days i have been in issue where i watch ads but can't recieve rewards as soon as ads ends i pop up into my home screen i don't what's the problem is ???,0,3,candy_crush
800,S v r murthy,"January 8, 2023","7th January 2023 is black day & worst experience for me as regards to playing CANDY CRUSH SAGA. I had successfully completed level No. 4683 to 4694 in my very first attempt consecutively after choosing Candy Royale to get extra rewards. I had been given only 15 + 20 ( consolation prize) in toto 35 Golden Bars instead of my share of JACKPOT 500 GOLDEN BARS only. My point of view is that when I completed ten levels in less than fourty- five minutes, there was no compititers against me. Absurd.",37 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
801,MOSES EKEMODE,"January 30, 2023",Initially it was a wonderful and beautiful game i.e all kings game but all of a sudden they start malfunctioning the moment you play with your internet ON it will pop up and the phone will go back to menu I thought it was my phone but other APPS and GAMES WERE NOT LIKE THAT I thought it was to be updated I have updated times without number anyways we are beginning to hate the GAMES so no problems,0,1,candy_crush
802,Nadye Mushota,"January 5, 2023",The puzzles get hard to solve as you progress further into the game past levels 2000. Winning starts to depend more on an Algorithm rather than strategy. Which turned out to be frustraining for me becausr ive been stack at levels 6100 for about a month now. So i just ended up deleting the game.,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
803,A Google user,"January 19, 2023","I've been playing candy crush saga for years and enjoyed every minute of it, but i uninstalled it at lvl 7050 a few years ago, it was too hard to finish without buying boosters but i started playing it again and lvl 7050 has beaten me again so sadly I will have to uninstall again,,got bored with it , tried again but after trying for another 2 weeks of frustration i've uninstalled this annoying game again bye bye byeeèe😣😣😣😣",5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
804,Seeta Kasturirangan,"December 25, 2022","Some kind of malfunction. I just finished a game and it won't move on. I closed and reopened, but had to pay the same game again. Yet, at the end of the game it did the same thing, kept flashing, and not moving to the next stage.",30 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
805,Crystal Lee,"February 19, 2023","I find the game to be ok, but it could be funnier. The rewards are not the greatest nor interesting. Need to work on the game to be more exciting. Sorry.",0,3,candy_crush
806,ꉼꍏꂚᗫꂅꋪ,"February 4, 2023",DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS GAME!!!!The worst game ever. These updates are the worst. I've been playing this game before. Reached lvl 1800+ when I took a break. I came back to it because I missed it but bruh... I've been stuck at level 230 for over a week now. ONE FULL WEEK???? . there's no way you can move to the next level unless you use buffs non stop. I will not pay you a penny !!!! . If you read this. Trust me . DO NOT PAY FOR THIS . THEIR PLAN IS TO BUY MORE AND MORE,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
807,Elliott,"January 12, 2023",Not enough options for players who want to play without putting money into the game you should be able to earn a in game currency for completing levels which you can then spend in the shop for more lives gold bars power ups etc.,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
808,Kiri Balor,"February 24, 2023",Improved since I played years ago. I didn't install it came with android update. Still too many pay to win levels. Dropping 2 stars because lives that are sent keep disappearing from mailbox. Can't add if lives are full and if you check the message it just deletes the message w/ out granting the life. Don't bother trying to go beyond level 300; every few levels is an impossible pay to win one.,0,2,candy_crush
809,PUBALI GHOSH,"February 15, 2023","Sweet Cinema videos are not coming, party boosters are not received after completion of 1000 levels beyond 10000 level. It is very bad.I quit the game.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
810,Roberta Cole,"January 29, 2023",Paying to continue levels is stupid. It should be free for all levels as they're played! The attempts are used not by player choice. The game uses the players chances. That's why I won't purchase moved. Its rigged.,0,1,candy_crush
811,Nenny,"January 27, 2023","Lol the game has gotten harder,it isn't fun to play anymore,they are literally the ones that decides if you fail or win,once you lose a level more that 5 times then they'll make it very easy for you to win by matching the candies for you to get stripped candies so you can win easier 😂",0,2,candy_crush
812,Pastor Nicholas “Peter” Smith,"January 18, 2023","Fun, one of the best games for my whole family on my android. Even if I switch devices, I make sure it's download on all my compatible devices, and log in anytime anywhere with my Google account.",8 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
813,Sunil Dutt,"December 31, 2022","this is great 👍 I like it it has no any ad and no any misbehavous thing when we reach out to high level the game wana be more interesting I like it but I do not no that it is endless or no but this i for all type. of people like toolder children teenager. and young ones . my advice is that all play this is played in free time. this game say that relay ur stress . ,, see you soon bye - Manya",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
814,Diann Batchan,"January 1, 2023",I have loved Candy Crush Saga for years. Some of the challenges have a sufficient enough level of degree of difficulty to be costly to the pocket when skill and Luck fail you. Lots of fun!!!,6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
815,Jennifer Stouffer,"November 22, 2022","I used to love this game but having to buy boosters every time I hit a new level is ridiculous. Also, I have gold bars, but can't use them because it never ""connects"" to the ""store"". I have been playing for years. But recently quit because it's not fun and had WAAAYYY too many pop ups between lives or levels. I don't want to race people for gold bars I can't use anyways. I don't want to buy boosters. I do t care who played the most levels this week... etc. Just let.me play levels and relax!",368 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
816,Sheema Sultana,"February 16, 2023",Good going game really enjoying it has improved a lot with more free boosters. But in weekly prizes should be divided and given for all 3 competators. Look into it all boosters are given only for 1st position.,177 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
817,Amit singh Kushwaha,"January 9, 2023","Thank you ;candy developer for providing us such type of interesting game.I like it. But the main suggestions on this game is That recently, you have added a new background music. This is not suitable for this. But old (previous)music is more convenient and suitable for this game .please add old music and remove currently music. Thankyou .",179 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
818,Deborah Clark,"December 31, 2022","After winning some hard levels, it's impossible to win the nightmarishly hard levels. You have to buy things with real money and it's supposed to be a free game.",8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
819,Jolee Hang,"February 10, 2023","I don't like the amount of time it takes to get a life, but you can ask friends to give you lives and it doesn't cost them anytime and now you can sometimes watch ads for them.",0,4,candy_crush
820,Isa Maria,"January 18, 2023","Fun game, but going from 5 stars to 3, because you can't listen to any music or podcasts while on this app. Most games allow outside music (spotify,itunes,pandora, sound cloud,etc).",4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
821,Charlottine Williams,"February 19, 2023",Still continues to have fun it's a great game. It really holds my attention love the excitement all the challenges and rewards.,0,5,candy_crush
822,Jimi Guenther,"January 14, 2023",Soooo many adds and to try to pass a level and play another you have to close out the buy this or buy that adds. Enough already makes you not want to play cause you watch more adds then play.,0,1,candy_crush
823,Sam Felice,"December 25, 2022","If you want to play this game, you either need the patience of a saint, or a huge bank account. I don't mind paying a bit for a ""freemium"" game, but this is ridiculous. I'm uninstalling because I don't want to have to sell a kidney just to pass one level. I'll give it 2 stars just because the gameplay is fun for a few days.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
824,Mankirat Singh,"January 12, 2023","This is the world's worst game... They don't gave much turns to complete the level... And gave lots of stones.. They also gave bombs and chocolates... They gave maximum 25 turns and 500 bombs, stones, chocolates.. This is very hardest game and they gave very less life to play... If we want to take more turns then they take gold for 1 life they take 10 golds and after that they gave that golds back to us... As a race if we don't want to race.. Then also we need to race it... This don't have end.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
825,Dudu Ntsele,"January 30, 2023","This game has become very frustrating, adding stress instead of getting rid of it. Shuts down after adverts, 80% of game time is wasted, once one gets timed boosters, shuts down. When back on the games boosters are gone",22 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
826,Kristen Harper,"February 6, 2023",The new app is very glitchy. Freezes my phone and goes to black screen. Sometimes sends me a message saying UI isn't responding.,0,3,candy_crush
827,Diana James,"February 5, 2023","Fixed. They let you ""win"" a game when suits. Designed to make you spend $. Takes about 8 taps to start next level.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
828,Mohan Surya,"January 10, 2023",The game stoped after completing one level again it dont show next level screen show blank page and again i clear the game and open the game every time its heppen it irrirate me lot... Please fix this bug as soon as possible,0,1,candy_crush
829,Farheen Nafees,"February 6, 2023","It says ""connecting store"" Rewards are not working on levels like color bombs and all since many days. I can't pass levels!! Why?????",0,1,candy_crush
830,Bonis Sprivey,"January 3, 2023",It's relaxing and fun. Plus it plays great if you have no internet. Just wish we could get more than 5 lives especially if no wifi is available so a person could just play as long as they like,4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
831,Jan Lhouie Tacderan,"February 4, 2023",I do really enjoy playing candy crush ever since. I love being challenged. I'm also excited everytime I will get the gold.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
832,Kriss S,"February 13, 2023","Game is working better BUT it's freezing after ads and all you can do is close the game, then you loose your life and boosters etc....",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
833,Saqlain Gilani,"February 17, 2023",The level 758 is broken since others get the fish to fly and pop the pink boxes. But I think the update broke the level since it's not doing that anymore,0,4,candy_crush
834,Meghan Brunson,"October 15, 2022","For a free stress reliever, this one probably is subpar due to the sheer amount of freaking pop-ups. Even unmonetized ones break the flow and it ends up yanking me out of the groove a little. Still, the animation and sounds are nicer than the other versions in my opinion so I'll take what I can get.",73 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
835,Ebony Pickett,"December 26, 2022","I am very upset! I needed 10 purple candies to complete the episode. As I matched the purple candies, the amount never went down. I spent 16 gold bars to keep playing and still pass the episode. Still didn't pass. Very frustrating and I want quit Candy Cruah.",3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
836,Raju Latha,"January 20, 2023","Ad,s are not available for this game ,the are help me to get rewards for passing the hard levels, pls gave ads to my game. Ireally enjoy the game.pls give ads for rewards,it's helps us to pass the hard levels and also few more reward options are not come in my game like color bombs , another rewarding games etc are not come in my game. Pls tell me these are available are not available in this game.",4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
837,Will P,"February 17, 2023","I love the game, I just wish you would bring ODIE the owls gameplay back,I enjoyed that extra challenge. Why did that aspect change?",0,4,candy_crush
838,Parvin,"February 12, 2023",Great game but according to the new rules you can t receive more than 20 lives from friends in a day. That s too bad.,0,4,candy_crush
839,Taaka Shakirah,"February 18, 2023",So you guys the more you get players the more bugs now have played two times without winning the golds from the episode race yet I win what do you mean by that gonna uninstall the app,0,1,candy_crush
840,Paula Lumbra,"December 28, 2022",Please fix the ads! I watch the ads to get extra plays and the ads are freezing up. I have to close the app thus losing extra plays.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
841,Carissa Michael,"October 18, 2022","I normally love this game, but the new update sucks. I have to restart the app to get the ad to go away. After every loss it gets a little annoying. Heaven forbid you're stuck on a level. You could be restarting the game numerous times on the same level and then it's almost becoming not worth it. Fix this quickly...",55 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
842,cammy Louie,"January 21, 2023","I'm not very happy about this app it makes moves that I'm not making also will not show on my home screen only way able to play is through Google play store . Can u please do something about this or resolve it some how ? I have uninstalled it numerous times.hoping to see it on my home screen , but nope nothing 🤬😠😡😤",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
843,ashraf adil,"January 1, 2023","Trouble in login when I have already king account. Can not log in with Facebook or email. And showing error connection, when connection is all OK not having any connection issues with others Android apps.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
844,alberto seye,"November 25, 2022","Nice game, it's great to play, but I got disappointed when the hard levels are practically impossible to pass without paying or buying golds, and for people like me, the golds are too expensive, having to buy every level it makes no sense! It would be great if it was a strategy game, but no, it has nothing to do with strategy, it's a pay to win! It's true they help you at times, but I've been playing the same level for two weeks, and nothing! I DO NOT RECOMMEND!",134 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
845,Nova Lynn,"October 19, 2022","Game keeps freezing as soon as an ad to buy power ups, pops up. Can't click out of it in any way, but yet, if I click on buy now, it magically disappears! The same ad, every single time. So I have to exit out of the whole game, and reopen, just for it to happen again and again. You're not getting my money, so forget it.",79 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
846,Fatima Chalky,"December 25, 2022","I feel as though when you have moves leftover on a game, you should be able to transfer them to your next game or save them as when I'm playing my leftover moves are just wasted. Hence the four stars. Please consider this suggestion, thank you 😨",0,4,candy_crush
847,Pauline Walker,"December 27, 2022",Enjoyable way to pass the time. Have been playing for a few years now and some of the levels are difficult and challenging enough to keep be interested.,7 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
848,Fry Chas,"December 29, 2022","Super exciting game! I love it. Thank u for this game. A variety of levels, exciting new challenges every day and plenty episodes. This game is just fantastic!!!",57 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
849,Gaylene Sprinkle,"January 12, 2023","My complaint with the app is why do you make some levels almost impossible to beat? I know you want us to ""buy"" help but for us who can't/won't it takes away from the game when it takes days (literally) to move on. Makes me think about moving on to another app.",4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
850,Shane&Laura owens,"February 17, 2023",Played this game for years and still enjoying it! They've made it more challenging and bugs are few and far between,0,5,candy_crush
851,Coleman Mbedi,"January 28, 2023","In the beginning it was a nice free game. Now it has become so frustrating. I always reinstall since I miss it just to check if it's better now but oops, it doesn't keep away stress, adds more stress. All levels became nightmarishly, I don't have F5, I just have nothing to feel happy for.",42 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
852,Karen Nwaka,"February 6, 2023",Nice but y'all are making passing levels difficult on purpose. How come you can't pass a level after several tries but if you stay away for months then you pass same level easily 😒? Y'all do better. Levels are meant to be passed... Not stared at in frustration. 🙄😮‍💨,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
853,Jane Rasheed,"January 22, 2023","Very well instructed and happy to receive praise all the time, really good game! Very addictive to play as you want to pass the next levels! You need to have patience and timing skills too! A game that you must play!",34 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
854,Andy Lane,"February 6, 2023",Love this game. So many levels and you really have to use strategy to compete the levels.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
855,OLADIPUPO ISAAC,"February 15, 2023",My best advice is that if you don't want to be frustrated don't download this game and if you have depression Don't download the game.... even as you can see the programmer are not responding... maybe they will respond nobody's knows...THE GAME IS SO FRUSTRATED AND BORING.... I RATE IT ZERO,0,1,candy_crush
856,Greeneyez 78,"February 12, 2023",The ads keep going black and freezing!!! I'm losing bonuses and have to restart the game😡,0,2,candy_crush
857,M.J. DEATH,"February 6, 2023","There is no need to buy lives when finished just manipulate the time and date in your phone so u can get full lives ,but u need to return it to normal immediately after changing time ,so the time doesn't add upp.",0,1,candy_crush
858,Priscilla Nelson,"December 13, 2022",This game has become a chore and its not very fun anymore....I have been stuck on level 3373 for 2 weeks playing everyday and then they limit the amount of lives you can use each day. smh! I may uninstall this app and find another game to play. 😴😡🙄,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
859,Selena,"February 20, 2023",I love Candy crush I've been playing for 14 days now and I really love the game I highly recommend anyone that is stressed out like I am play this game like I'm doing it relieves a lot of stress I'm going to keep on playing it until I complete the game I'm not sure how many levels it is but I'll find out when I completed I love Candy crush,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
860,Cory Minnich,"October 18, 2022","Update. Glitches were fixed quickly. This week's update, however, causes an ad to come up on level failure. Unable to X out of. I have to close the app and reopen it. Great game. Today's update has caused some serious graphics glitches on my Pixel 6 Pro though. Very unusual for you guys. Hopefully you can find a quick fix.",124 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
861,Christian Odi,"January 22, 2023","Candy crush to me is perfect but all there need to do for me is the life timing. I love the game not bad at all great in taste so you need to fix is more for the people to love it more like putting some chatting to the challenge, you see that to me you know what to do. Not been in here before this my first time",0,2,candy_crush
862,Michael Palmieri,"December 6, 2022","It is used to be a great game. Now they charge you for everything. Thrg set it up so it looks like they give you help winning. While in reality, they really set you up to pay for extras to level up. And as an extra rip off, they put a limit on lives now. Even if you buy a package (which times out) , you may not use that package unless you also buy lives. It is used to be a fun game. Now I'd give this game ZERO STARS if I could",33 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
863,Sam Ellenbogen,"February 6, 2023","Negative stars if I could, get to a level nightmare hard, use all boosts multiple times with impossible odds and same progress using no power ups. Games are supposed to be fun, not blow all lives stressing out 2-3 times a day losing hard earned boosters. Game is definitely and intelligently rigged. Is attractive to start but more stress than fun as it goes. If you have money to waste then go for it but this game is little to no fun for F2P",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
864,Deepjyoti Sarkar,"February 13, 2023","It's a good game. I made my account and I collected more than 1000 gold bars and many more boosters. But when I switched my phone, when I log in same account on another mobile, my all good bars and boosters were gone. This is really very annoying and hurting because all the gold bars need more than 6 months to be collected So please check that.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
865,Tiffany Pare,"October 15, 2022",The new update is absolutely horrible. It will not let me exit the buying screen after I lose a level. The boosters dissappear and don't do what they are supposed to. Sometimes I match to make a booster and it doesn't even produce the booster I just created. The only way to pass levels is gold bars for extra moves unless you play the same level like 800 times till you get lucky. What a joke this game has morphed into,157 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
866,KevinKillz YT,"January 6, 2023","Game seems to try to hard to make you purchase in game bonuses to help clear out levels, at some points you can't even play the game once you run out of moves unless you spend money",0,3,candy_crush
867,mansir mancy daura,"January 10, 2023",I no longer enjoyed playing the game. It started being boring because of its difficult levels. I was stoked at one particular level everyone finished it except me it just look like intentional,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
868,Alexis Doll,"January 14, 2023","I love this game! Now I see why everyone was playing it, you always have the option to play lil side ads to get boosters and extra lives, I love it, and it's always changing so you don't feel like your just playing the same game over and over, anyone who plays will absolutely enjoy it.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
869,Domonick Antonelli,"February 15, 2023",Great graphics. Every level differs which makes the playing more interesting. Good job!!,0,5,candy_crush
870,Mwinga Louis,"January 16, 2023",This game is really good and worth playing everyone can play because it is surely a mind blowing game . You don't need to struggle to win but just opening your mind does everything . I recommend this game to many of you people that want to try this time of games to play this one because it is awesome.,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
871,Décio Tamele,"February 19, 2023",Very nice game. I've changed three times and the first thing I did when I got a new one was to download Candy crush saga! I really love it!,0,5,candy_crush
872,Dustin S,"February 7, 2023","Ads just keep getting longer and longer, I keep getting this 30+sec ad of Dallas Cowboys 90% of the time. Disgustingly long for 1 extra move",0,1,candy_crush
873,Jazlyn McGrath,"February 7, 2023","It's an amazing fun addicting game, I love it but some levels are very hard. I would recommend to get candy rush 1000%",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
874,Danny Queen,"February 9, 2023",It really good and fun playing this game but I have a problem when the say your piggy is fool an you need to buy a new how can you do that if don't have a credit card,0,5,candy_crush
875,Shanna Gilbert,"February 10, 2023","Hard to play & compete without purchasing help. If you don't want to pay money to play, don't waste your time!",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
876,zain ullah khan,"January 13, 2023","system is rigged. Some level are too hard, seems impossible. Had to spend days on just one level. They will make u to purchase with unlimited pop-ups + impossible levels.",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
877,Dawn Allan,"February 18, 2023",I like your game it's fun! But I hate the little sculls you put in it. This makes me want to guit playing. Get rid of them Iand I will give higher score!,0,3,candy_crush
878,Dawn,"October 10, 2022","The game is easy enough, but all the ""cheating"" is bull. Boosters don't always do what they're supposed to (hard to catch when there's a lot going on on the board), & some levels you cannot pass on the first try. Oh! Sometimes, when your turn ends & candies land in a place that benefits you on your next move, the AI will quickly shift the board so you don't have the advantage anymore. And is nobody gonna mention the fact that the puzzle on level 3420 spells ""R.I.P""? 😄",553 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
879,Anna,"November 29, 2022",As child the springs me back so much memories . The only bad thing that is that you have to pay to play. It's not for each level it's just for the really hard levels. Like my other games they would have like opportunities to like win gold and such. I'd rather watch an ad to get gold bars that having to pay for it. In my opinion.,99 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
880,raudotul jannah,"January 11, 2023","The game is good.. but the game developer not filtering about the ads... this game mostly playing by children, but the ads contains mature things.. not fit to see by children (specially in indonesia). Please aware. Thanks",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
881,Lady Jessie Coyne,"February 16, 2023","Used to love this game, but it won't let me play with my tablet horizontal.... I have dexterity problems so I use a stand for using said Tablet.....I can't play it side on... so frustrating thanks cc after tears of playing😭😭",0,2,candy_crush
882,Kimberly Searfus,"February 15, 2023","I Love this game you get pretty good Boosters!!! Great events , races to win gold bars and more boosters....I enjoy this game more than others like it....",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
883,Gloria Hall,"February 15, 2023",Thank you for Wonderful AWESOME Addictive Game!!! Having Great Fun My Granddaughter and myself having a Great Fun😊 This Game is Awesome and So Much FUN. Awesome Game I can only say Terrific!!! All I Can Say Fun Fun Fun!!! ALL I can SAY IT'S GREAT RELAXATION!!! VERY ENJOYABLE!!! Having Great Fun. Having GREAT FUN 👍,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
884,Jonathan Webb,"December 23, 2022",I used to like this lots. But the bugs ruin it. And theres deliberate cheating / unfair handicapping going on (with a huge increase in ads wanting you to pay for goodies that keep mysteriously disappearing). Beginning to suck...,2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
885,Boogie Buzzard,"October 19, 2022","Recent update problem! Since this latest update the game has been continually freezing up when I do not pass a level. It freezes up on a screen offering in-game purchase for additional ""lives"" & ""boosters"" and doesn't allow me to close out that pop-up. At which point, my only option to continue is to go to my phone settings and ""force stop"" of the app. Once I have restarted the game, all of my ""additional lives"", ""gold bars"" and ""boosters"" that I've accumulated disappear. Fix this ASAP please.",75 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
886,Samantha Edwards,"February 9, 2023","Love this game, it's great fun, frustrating, but defiantly my favourite game, love the colours, the man's voice when he says Tasty, funny, love it,",0,5,candy_crush
887,Laurel,"October 13, 2022",I like the game but once you hit a certain level they no longer offer ads to extend plays or get boosters and there are like 3 pop ups trying to get you to purchase items before each level and some of the levels you virtually can't beat without boosters unless you feel like being stuck on the same level and wasting all your lives for a week. I get they're trying to make money but they've gone a little too far I think.,273 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
888,daniel Mcgrath,"February 19, 2023",uninstalled game it keeps going small screen when ads appear it goes large screen then back to small when ads are done Wil not playing this gamea again I know I will lose all boosters but game to small to play,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
889,Gemma Babb,"October 13, 2022","What is wrong with this Game?? Since the last Update it has developed a few Issues, Issue one when i fail a Level and it offers more Gold Bars if i press the cross it won't go away even if i do purchase the Gold Bars, Issue two it is constantly freezing at the end of the Levels and i have to keep switching my phone off and back on again to make the Game work and then it does it again, sort this out or this normally good Game will be deleted it was okay before the update now its a load of Junk.",185 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
890,Happiness Christopher,"January 13, 2023","I give this game app 2 stars cus in as much as the game is super fun, because of the colors bursts and all, I still believe it's a difficult game sometimes, some of the levels are too hard to pass, I go a month without opening the app when I'm stuck in a level, the number of moves are very limited on the nightmarishly hard levels",15 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
891,George Hilbourne,"February 5, 2023",Easy and enjoyable to play. But with enough difficulty for those who like a challenge,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
892,Michael,"February 18, 2023","I frequently run into the issue of the cherries not spawning and then I lose my win streak and all of my extra power ups, I've even extended it and still had them not spawn",0,3,candy_crush
893,Beth March,"October 6, 2022",Definitely pay to play. I've been playing this game off and on for years and was able to get through most levels without buying special items. Might have to redo the level a few times but I could do it. Now it's nearly impossible to do that. I've recently working one level over 20 times without even getting close. Time to uninstall and say goodbye for good!,308 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
894,Michele “MLD52” Paul,"October 8, 2022","I use to enjoy this game, but it has basically became pay to play. maybe evey 6 levels or so you will pass on the 1st try, probably using a booster. I dont even mind buying a package now and then, but hell you go through a $10 package in a few levels. Boosters earned seem to be used in a way that does not benefit me. It will put a ""boost"" in a location that is not logical. I just hate the way it seems to have changed. I know it hard to keep it free, but at least make it fair. Sorry ...",449 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
895,Stephanie Pardue,"February 4, 2023",I love the challenges in this game and all the little awards and prizes you earn from playing! Great app! Keep surprising us with new fun things🥰!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
896,Afzan Rail,"February 17, 2023",my facebook was hacked. reported it but can't log into the game coz i used the fb id as the game login id. The pswd was changed. i made a new id to play this game but lost my previous game which was at level 6460 (somewhere there). soooo sad :(,0,5,candy_crush
897,Althea McKenzie “TiaJay”,"December 5, 2022",Update. Changed to 1 star as there's no 1/2 or 0. Was sorting out my phone and had to uninstall and reinstall a few apps including this one. I've been playing to rule of max 20 lives/day from friends. Always play till they're done and then play as I accumulate lives through the day. Just used 5 of the 20 and I notice it won't let me use any more...envelope is not clickable. Never had that issue. It's like the developers get a kick off making it more difficult everyday. That's not cool.,104 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
898,Hanoo a,"February 11, 2023","Gets too hard and boring after level 120. And In fact, computer decides whether you win or lose the game its not you.",0,2,candy_crush
899,Melissa Morris,"February 13, 2023",So far enjoyable and relaxing also easy to play review more later let everyone know if they keep their word and give my reward no didn't keep their word just brought right back to the beginning think I expected this anyway,0,3,candy_crush
900,Anastasiya Voyvodova,"December 31, 2022","Having paid for golden bars, I tried using them to buy additional moves but the game keeps glitching/freezing so I need to restart so I keep losing bars without actually using them.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
901,Brenda DeBusk,"October 22, 2022","Watch 6 ads and still lose level ???? Waste of time! DIG THIS is a much better game! The more I play candy crush, the more I despise it.😡 With every update, the user loses more rewards. It prompts you to purchase if you ""get stuck"" on a level, so DEVELOPER KNOWS players get ""stuck!"" Wants you to keep watching more ads (💰 for developer) for less rewards. Destroys matches you have made, when it shouldn't, so that you will watch more ads. You ONLY win, when the game allows you to win.","1,471 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
902,Cozet MacCallum,"December 14, 2022",I hate how much money I have to spend to get what I need or suffer through waiting for 1 new life every half an hour. I have a life outside of this game and it would be nice to get to sit down and play for a while when I have the down time. Instead of enjoying myself I'm half anxiety ridden about tallying the $$ I'm spending.,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
903,Amanda Allen,"November 24, 2022","Not much fun anymore very frustrating spending too much time completing levels, they are becoming less of skill and more of stopping you from completing the levels, having to watch far too many Video Adverts to eventually complete the levels sadly. It's a regular occurance, not enough moves to finish hard levels to try to get you to buy boosters 😡😡😡very boring being stuck on a level that are impossible to complete, read and listen to your reviews",205 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
904,Rev. Raynal A Monden,"February 9, 2023","Very challenging. Keeps someone competitive or working to stay ahead of others (ie., friends, family, & other unknown fans). It's, sort of, ""relaxing."" I really enjoy it!",6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
905,Dianna Hestermann,"February 15, 2023",Mind boggling love it very frustrating at times.but it still awesome game to play just love it but very intense you just go back for more.love it everytime 1 level at time.,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
906,Luisa Fitzgerald,"October 17, 2022","Frustrating. I played this game for 3 years before taking a break because the levels were becoming impossible to beat. I'm sad to say that it's still that way. I've played now for 3 days and passed 2 levels. Only way to pass is to play the same level for days or buy a power up. Boring and frustrating. It used to be a fun game, now it's unreasonably hard. I'm done for good.",64 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
907,YouCreate100,"February 16, 2023","It's fun. However, sometimes I feel like it's a set up. I do like being able to actually earn gold to spend to play more.",0,4,candy_crush
908,Jennifer Staten,"September 5, 2022","Normally, I would rate this as pretty fun, but I really feel in the last few years it's gone downhill. I miss the sugar track, as well as the special levels/events. I'm far enough along that it's unreasonable to expect success in any event that requires quick completion of regular levels. The final nail in the coffin, so to speak, is that with the most recent update, I can no longer watch videos for free boosters.",261 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
909,Muhammad Aqil Danish,"December 10, 2022","This is a good game. No ads online (excluding reward ads), weekly event and episode races. We don't have this in old Candy Crush. But I don't like it when I have full 5 lives and I got another 5 lives, it doesn't sum the lives to 10. It caps at 5. And the new UI just sucks. For example, I got ""Sweet"" but that word fills up the screen and gave me heart attack. 1 more, adding Tiffi into the level UI to give reaction on how you play is a bad idea for me. Fix the UI please. Thanks.",60 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
910,Kittikat Takesabreak,"January 7, 2023","Tutorial's too annoying. Would be better if we could turn off the tutorial, and just turn it on when we decide we need it.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
911,Sam Selley,"January 26, 2023","Easy game play, fast to learn. Only adjustment i could see being worth while, is for the life regeneration (ex. Watch an ad, get a life. Or shorter wait period)",0,3,candy_crush
912,Margie Murphy,"November 13, 2022",It's just not fun anymore. The levels are so complicated It's no longer fun. There are never enough turns to get through a level and sometimes it takes a month or more to pass a level. And something is glitching. My boosters are not showing up even after an update. Just empty circles. Figure it out!!,115 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
913,Pnv Lakshmi Devi,"February 18, 2023",Now a days in the game ending no adds and rewards not coming extra moves by seeing add also not available is there any solution for my problem stucked in one level many days like one week etc please solve the problem,0,4,candy_crush
914,Ruthy Normandia,"February 7, 2023",So much fun. Amazing it helps my mind to be sharp. This game is hard sometimes but I love it. It challenge me.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
915,rose achieng,"February 2, 2023",Very very annoying when you spent a whole week on same level. Always about money if you don't buy gold bars you will not enjoy the game,0,1,candy_crush
916,Donna Cortez,"February 7, 2023",It's a fun game. My father also loved the game. Hope you can upgrade it! There's no problem playing it. Just have fun! You also might get smarter,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
917,Dave bater,"February 4, 2023","Truly enjoy it, great way to exercise the mine. I played this game in the past but love how they updated Candy Crush to make it even more enjoyable",0,5,candy_crush
918,Maria Arviso,"October 13, 2022",This is good for brain breaks and passing time. I usually choose this over most other apps although lately the app has been crashing mid play or right as I finish a level and always during a time when I have a streak so when it crashes I will lose all my progress and have to start all over. I give it 3 stars for this reason.,199 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
919,The Tired One,"September 25, 2022","I honestly think this is a great game. I've been playing for a long about 2 years and I'm on level 1800 or so. I like the match 3 game where every level is different enough to switch it up but not different enough to warrant a totally different game. I've played a lot of math 3 games and I love the graphics and organization of this one the most. Sure, the amount of times doing one level gets crazy but when you finish the level it makes it that much better.",359 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
920,andrea bautista,"October 19, 2022","Great game but new update freezes if you try to X out of an offer and you have to close app a d restart to go in and try to play. This will continue until you use up your lives. Also when you can try to get free time for color bombs, etc, and climb if you don't get the plant and when you get the items you won it will not show when you play the game.",256 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
921,Gina Starr,"February 20, 2023",Some levels when you get to high numbers keeps you on the same level for days only drawback.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
922,Hope Never Dies.,"September 13, 2022","New version of the Game is WORST and very stressful.they purposely make it hard to cross certain levels by reducing number of moves.,So that players will be forced to buy the tools to handle those levels.Very bad. Increase number of moves, if you want it to be stress buster. They give very less boosters. Even when we complete extremely difficult levels the scrolls reward..is not available for free but they ask us to buy at discount rate. In eveything they have made money compulsory. UNINSTALLING","2,549 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
923,nyan linn,"October 7, 2022","I play this game for about 7 years ago. When l updated, l had some problems to play. Some items did not appear in my game. For example, season pass, weekly games result etc. In addition, I would like to say that your new games are difficult to play. You should adjust them. Why don't you give Fantastic Five? It isn't Okay for me to play. Thank you. Why don't you give power bombs?",544 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
924,Cindy K,"October 16, 2022","The game kept freezing on a pop up to buy boosters for $3.99. I couldn't click out of it because it seemed like it froze. When I clicked on the button to buy, it miraculously unfroze. I had to Uninstall and then reinstall. In doing so I lost my 50+ extra lives and all my boosters. And now I'm stuck on a ridiculously hard level. Makes me want to stop playing. UPDATE: Apparently I lost all of my extra lives and boosters for nothing. The game is still freezing 😡",207 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
925,Sue Disney,"December 11, 2022",Awesome. I really enjoy this game. Reduces alot of stress you can take your time. I highly recommend for all ages. I've been playing for 4 years now and no level the same. It really challenges your mind. It teaches you patients and self control. If you haven't download it I definitely highly recommend it. Invite your friends and family and anyone else to play and you can earn extra rewards and prizes to help you along the challenges that each level provides you with. Good luck on ur jounry,119 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
926,Richard Walker,"November 30, 2022",You might make extra moves for 1 gold bar instead of 10 Some levels can not be beat without using all your extras and more money. Stoped after level 3000 + did not enjoy any more. Just uninstall and started over up to a level that required money uninstall and start over again. Still the same to much money restarted for 20th time because of levels that you can not win . Restarted again,45 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
927,Derya Bozkurt,"December 3, 2022","Candy Crush has took a massive nose dive. They want you to spend but you can no longer see your Facebook friends, no longer send or receive lives and even took away the challenge of getting the plane/train tickets to get to the next level.. Worst of all are the pop ups, there's way too many. I also miss the night/owl levels that you could switch to whilst waiting for lives on the other. It just isn't the same. I'd love a Candy Crush Classic version. There's been too many unnecessary changes.",490 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
928,Cas S,"November 28, 2022","You can't play this game unless you have a lot of money. It's like casino slot machines. Even if you try to set up your boosters they drop immediately and go off so you can't combine them. There is no strategy involved. Just keep sticking money in and hope. On my old phone at least King started me out gently with many wins, it WAS fun! Now I can't get anything going but ad after ad showing in the event section, constantly telling me I need to buy the piggy bank or other packages. GREEDY!",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
929,Scott Wright,"December 2, 2022","Just ""updated"" this. Was fun before but now it just sucks. On level 1225. Before ""update"" level had many more moves. Now, half as many. Oh and the ads. I thought it had ads before, now it's ad palooza. You just totally destroyed any enjoyment of this game. Gonna leave this up 4 a bit, then delete the app. Way to totally Muck, truck, duck up the experience. Yes more features but to have to sit thru 3 times the ads for no enjoyment. Yea you guys rock. Worse than coin master.",26 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
930,prateek aaraw. 9,"November 28, 2022","Your playing is very good but since you have changed its background music it has become very strange, earlier it used to be a pleasure to play but since you have changed the music, this music is a symbol of indifference, so there is no mind while playing. Looks like please change the music",24 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
931,Maggy Manerva,"November 28, 2022",DONT PLAY THIS GAME!!!!! This game has to be the biggest rip off you can't pass certain levels unless you pay and buy item to help you win it also clears the board saying there's no more moves when there was you can be stuck on levels for days playing the same level over and over and I'm sick of it,16 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
932,Sally Ashburner,"December 1, 2022",Really unhappy I use the ads to get bonus and everytime i watch it throws me out the game so I'm wasting my data on ur game my other phone gives me the bonuses but not here . Seem like problem been sorted loving the game. Had to delete and reload game the jerkiness has gone so I'm pretty happy with game I had to start time the beginning again. Can't u fix problems with bonus that we don't lose bonuses after watching adverts,29 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
933,Melvi Saji,"February 18, 2023",Mahnn... We have to complete the level by collecting 120 jellies and the game gave only 15 moves.. What are we super humans? You guys should add more moves in your levels... I am stuck in 225 level for the past 2weeks ..,0,1,candy_crush
934,Stephanie Duke,"December 21, 2022","I hate Candy Crush and will never play it again. There are ads for it in another game that I do like and they try to force you to download the app or play the game. I click on the x over 20 times, even with a stylus and it tries to force a download. Never again. This is aggravating!",0,1,candy_crush
935,Kaelani McKenzie,"December 2, 2022","Super fun and addicting and right around the time you don't wanna put it down, the levels become absolutely impossible. They'll give you 12 moves to do the puzzle (which they know is impossible) so you have to buy more. Then if you do, they'll give you 35 moves bc they know it takes WAY more than 12. I haven't spent a dime and don't plan to. If y'all want money, just charge for the game instead of trying to finesse it out of gamers. We know what you're doing.",57 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
936,Sommer McCallister,"December 3, 2022","I am almost ready to delete and never look back. I am so frustrated with getting stuck on a level, perpetually playing it over and over, buying packages to help me conquer it, yet still after almost a week of only playing the same one, I am still stuck. That is in no way fun.",8 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
937,Krista M,"December 7, 2022","Level 147 IMPOSSIBLE I must have tried and retried to beat level 147 a minimum of 437 times, with boosters and without, no luck. I have the feeling the only way to pass this level is to get out your debt/credit card and buy extra help which I won't do. Fun game but levels like this are not fair and will cause me to leave negative feedback and Uninstall game.",14 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
938,DIANE PALIANTO,"December 1, 2022",I am very disappointed in this app. I've been playing for many years and now they offer ads to be watched for rewards. I have called them several times and asked why I am not getting the rewards or even the ads to watch. Many of my friends and my spouse are Now Playing with rewards but I'm stuck with nothing. I have even uninstalled the app and re installed it and still no ads. This company needs to fix this so that everyone gets the ads to watch not a select number. They need to get their act t,24 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
939,Anngie B,"December 10, 2022","Money grab. As soon as you start spending money the levels get easier without the help of the extras. I understand the need to make money but when I spend 4 days on 1 level and then spend $5 for 2 hours of lives and I get it on the first try, I'm all good.",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
940,Alina Hassan,"December 9, 2022","I am facing some problems. After I finish a level, I am not able to press the next button. There is this image of the girl from the game. And it's really frustrating as I have to repeatedly close and open the app to play another level. Kindly solve this issue of mine.",14 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
941,Mimi Chris,"December 4, 2022","The update is so annoying, so many hard levels, boosters don't really work, moves are not strategic and it immpossible to win an easy level without playing it over and over again it makes it really boring. I'm deleting the app until a better version updated.",20 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
942,Kathrine Howarth,"December 13, 2022","Most levels with cherries I need 1 more and have lots of moves left yet it still doesn't drop down. I've spent money on extra goes a lot this month and every time it happens. Losing my place in the gold bar race, champion race and wasting my money for a game that doesn't work.",23 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
943,Sheila C,"November 27, 2022","Game is fun, but it's gotten stingy over the past couple weeks, harder to get gold bars from candy royale (I went from constantly getting 50+ to barely getting 20) and some rewards from the candy box collection are much worse. 5 minutes of color bomb is barely enough for 2 levels, it used to be 15 minutes.",27 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
944,Roel abadilla,"November 29, 2022",This game is like a traffic jam they are money grabers forever spend my bars and all levels are very complicated. Can you adjust this game they are not giving me some free chances to win a level like watching ads. But hard levels are many than easy levels. Can you fix my problems that this game will be not bad and expensive at all and make Tiffi a good sense to be easy.,83 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
945,Austin McMullin,"December 7, 2022","Possibly rigged time waster. I'm on level 11,430 and I've never spent a penny of real money on this game, and with how many ads they shove in your face, they still make bank even if you don't spend any real money. Play for free, skip the ads, and it's an enjoyable game. Don't let ""the man"" win.",18 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
946,bluesclues21211,"November 29, 2022","Used to like playing this game, just recently reinstalled but now you cannot passs.hard levels without using all your boosters and then have to pay. I've been stuck on the same level for almost 2 weeks now. I'm not paying anymore $ it's an absolute waste of time.... I'm deleting it again",20 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
947,Mustaquim Raza,"December 1, 2022","I like this game and easy to use. I played 5525+ levels.I request to the saga team please add the advertisement . because when I lose the level and moves then advertisement comes.The advertisement also come before starting the level and gives rewards. after watching the advertisement then give me 4,5 extra moves and rewards then i win the levels.So please add the advertisement.",22 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
948,Dot,"December 10, 2022","Pay-to-win. I've never had problems advancing levels many years ago, now the only way to get forward is either sheer luck, or... purchuse from their colourful assortments of mini transactions. So yeah, I'm going to re-delete and never return.",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
949,Liam,"December 10, 2022","Addictive, fun and overall recommended! Good job to the creators, this is a wonderful app. The only thing I would recommend doing is adding more events and making the piggy bank free once it's full, if you still want to earn money from the piggy bank, make it so that you can buy what's in it early for money but once it's full, you can claim it for free! I hope to see future updates! Thanks.",18 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
950,Mercy Gumbo,"November 29, 2022",Watching same advert for the hundredth time is so annoying. After 30s of watching a vid only for it to say ad not available and not get the booster. Failing to beat some levels without boosters. The game is now just difficult and annoying. Used to be a good and enjoyable game but not anymore.,15 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
951,Rakesh Singh,"December 15, 2022",Game is interesting but at some levels you need gold bars for extra moves to complete the stage.. game developers tricks us into paying for playing game or rather say for completing a level. Because you will be stuck on some levels no matter how much you try.. without extra moves you won't reach on next level.,27 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
952,Clayton Garth,"December 3, 2022","Just an opinion... When you create levels that you know don't have enough initial moves to clear, it makes the experience unpleasant. Level 12793 is one such level. The fact that you offer 35 extra moves in exchange for gold bars is telling. 20 moves aren't sufficient and you knew this when you created the level.",28 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
953,Stephen Truss,"November 26, 2022","I can't afford to pay for features in this game; I'd go broke and never do anything else if I payed for this game. While I appreciate the little bonuses I DO get through the game, there are times the levels are so severe that I'm often tempted to *delete* my app out of frustration. It isn't enjoyable at that point. I do understand that this is a delicate balance between profit, free, number of games allowed per day and paying customers. I enjoy this game immensely however.",17 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
954,Precious One,"December 1, 2022","Players should be able to block selfish and annoying players as well as to remove added friend as they wish. And no, I'm not connected to Facebook or any other contacts/friends. It's just the Candy Crush friends. Also, rotate the random players that we play with weekly as well as those that you wish to send lives to.😩",577 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
955,R.lejla P,"November 27, 2022","I started playing a long time ago. Not sure what is going on but recently many impossible levels keep being added, with the sole purpose of making you spend money. Currently stopped again at one of those, the 12850 one. I won t be playing again until the whole thing is fixed. Really disappointing.",10 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
956,Jon1kenobi,"February 19, 2023",fix the damn issue on level 758!! i wasted 2 days to clear that 'not supposed to be a hard level' stage because the jelly fish wont eat those damn jellies!!! its a bug!,0,1,candy_crush
957,MD. Noujuan Ahmed Prottashi,"February 19, 2023",It's a good time spending game. But sometimes it seems that it goes it's own opinion. It would be so tough and would be too easy sometimes.,0,3,candy_crush
958,Prerna Gupta,"February 16, 2023",The game gets boring at the end. But it is good you can try it. Very limited ads too,0,3,candy_crush
959,Ashlee Carter,"October 27, 2022","this is the 3rd time I've had to make a review, wish I could complain somewhere about this app and how they've changed the game play. the game makes me lose my game and level on purpose. ON PURPOSE. if I some how had inter net it makes me pass the level and all of a sudden the game is super magically easy so that I'll 100% pass.can you change it back so that we are playing the game and not made to either lose sometimes. I can't explain it but it's very obvious when playing",169 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
960,Syedarif Shah,"February 16, 2023",This is an incredible game . I enjoy it. It somehow sharpes our mind by solving the puzzles.,0,5,candy_crush
961,Oblivious,"February 9, 2023",Come back after some time and all my stuff is gone..colour bombs and everything I was saving them all up! Just done so yiu have to buy it..awful,51 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
962,Pamela Lambert,"February 20, 2023",Enjoyable playing and not to difficult. But still challenging for the average person.,0,5,candy_crush
963,Imraan Mohammed,"January 4, 2023","I only have one problem, it developed lately. My game gets stuck on the level review page where it shows how many stars i scored, the little doll thing shows up and it gets stuck there. Can you help please?",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
964,Gemma Jones,"February 14, 2023","I don't make purchases, though there are lots of pop ups to try and get you to spend money. Love the game though.",0,5,candy_crush
965,ALLY HASSAN ALI,"February 11, 2023","Worst experience, didn't launched saucer but it did on its own and my booster is gone, cheating all the way,not a good experience at all.",0,1,candy_crush
966,Sivaganga Ashok Varma,"December 13, 2022","This game is defined as a stress buster. But, this game itself is a stress creator. The game causes severe headache with head heaviness and eye strain. If you've ever found yourself slouching over your phone playing Candy Crush for hours, you may want to give it a rest. The brightness of your screen activates the retina and the nerves behind the eye, which can cause eye strain and head pain.",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
967,Rut GRAÑA,"December 6, 2022","Dissapointed. I used to enjoy it, but not anymore. Too many superhard levels following one another. Ads to get each and every booster; sometimes ads don't grant any reward. I'm fed up with this.",7 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
968,M D,"September 25, 2022","Motto is ""swipe the stress away"" but the levels are almost impossible to beat within the arbitrary number of moves given without using boosters - which are rare to get during game play but oh, you can buy them! I only buy extras in games when I feel like you can play them for free without issue. You can't progress in this game, the levels are too few moves and you rarely get the items needed to beat the levels. You aren't going to swipe any stress away with this game.",213 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
969,M P,"February 19, 2023","Sometimes the levels are impossible if you are playing without data,you practically forcing us to buy data even when we don't have money, whereas Games are supposed to be fun,even when one is down financially,overall it's a very interesting game❤️",0,3,candy_crush
970,Ebhomen Rachael,"February 9, 2023","It's helps me not to be so bored,but maybe they should make it more Interesting like once I get to 5000 level a cash gift little token or something like that then I will feel challenge to keep playing.",0,1,candy_crush
971,Sikander Ali,"January 25, 2023",It's getting frustrating and extremely difficult.Games were supposed to be fun and it's says swipe the stress away.i found out this was the most stressing thing in my life stressing frustrating and extremely difficult.so ya deleting it for good,0,1,candy_crush
972,Ndubuisi Chidinma,"February 6, 2023","I rated it 5 star cos it's good, nice and mature but you guys has to be paying us cos it's not easy after using our data playing it nothing comes for us.... And it has no end ... Pls consider paying us as least if not for anything else but for our data we use in playing it... Thanks",0,5,candy_crush
973,Erica Jackson,"February 6, 2023",It doesn't award the candies you lined up they just disappear at times. Keep advertising the sales too much for this game. Then you gotta complete a game or clear the board of 75 pieces and 15 legal moves!,0,3,candy_crush
974,Naomi Ashcraft (Nono),"February 9, 2023",Love it however you can pass so many levels an then you only get about one third the m9ves to clear the board. They know u will have use or buy gold bard to continue. This game is definitely controlled by an inside source.,0,5,candy_crush
975,Ravi Shankar,"January 30, 2023","Winning this game means more difficult task than clearing IAS, make any move in it and you will get busted, and when we are about to win the level then the moves will not be made.This is a brain draining game and nothing else, in easy level you will get more moves and in hard level you will get 2-4 moves, tell me how bad is this game",0,1,candy_crush
976,ugoji marrianna,"February 12, 2023","This app has really become useless, glitches glitches all the time causing one to always log out in the middle of a game and not receiving any reward after watching their long ads.",0,1,candy_crush
977,Lois Powell,"February 2, 2023",My last update has caused the app to vibrate and make sounds. I really enjoyed playing before this. Now i cant turn this sound off. I hate it.,0,1,candy_crush
978,Ted K,"February 17, 2023","Love this app, I seem to always come back to play it. Minus 4 stars because whoever you pay to deliver your mobile ads makes me hate the game. Money badly spent.",0,1,candy_crush
979,Abigail Eshun,"January 21, 2023","Can kill time and boredom, really enjoy it but,I don't understand why the lives I gain from playing the game are not made as top up to the number of lives I already have .For instance, if I already have 3 lives,and I'm awarded +5 lives,It should be added to make 8,instead the new lives adds up to 5(full)...I feel that aspect of the game limits me from enjoying and having fun to the fullest. Thank You for addressing this.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
980,Kavindya Bandara,"February 3, 2023","It's so bad you get ""no shuffling"" error before even start the game when you are at your 8th level on royal play and your final cut is 72 gold bars. How ridiculous it is since it's your fault to not giving any matching candies 😡",0,3,candy_crush
981,S A Mwakush,"February 14, 2023",I have been playing this game since January 2019 its so addictive. Am now at level 4262 but can't stop. Some levels though are extremely difficult I spend almost two weeks to win. Awesome,0,5,candy_crush
982,JESSROCKED Channel,"February 14, 2023","some stages are just not fun and requires money transaction. Edit: yup, uninstalled. It's a cash grab game. You cant win without spending.",0,1,candy_crush
983,Supreem,"February 18, 2023",please add confirmation button when buying moves with gold and also make the music constant per level and not chsnge everytime we restart a level like before,10 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
984,Abdul Qayum,"February 8, 2023","This game Is really a fraud,I was left with more than 20 moves waiting for a fruit to come so I can complete,but nothing until my moves are wasted,I think deleting will be better",0,1,candy_crush
985,Michael A. Oyekanmi,"February 14, 2023",Very exciting and super fun game. Always looking forward to the next challenge. Good game app.,0,5,candy_crush
986,Carole Randolph,"February 6, 2023",Extremely frustrating! To complete all challenges in the Chocolate Box but when I try to claim prizes (boosters) .... NOTHING!,459 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
987,CA.N.D.Y SAM,"February 19, 2023",I've been playing CCS for more than 6 years now It's a great game I just wish the rewards were better especially if one has past level 5000,0,4,candy_crush
988,Angela Arnold-Cruz,"February 16, 2023",The game gets more challenging the farther you get into it however the prices are too expensive to keep playing,0,3,candy_crush
989,Darla White-Heard,"February 5, 2023",I love this game...especially when that little girl in the corner does er cute little hooray dance for me!!! Check it out and see if you can get her to dance for you too!!!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
990,Maggy Manenzhe,"November 22, 2022","Everytime I play it, when my phone ring it frozes the call making it difficult to answer your calls. The call icon doesn't appear at all so you can't answer your phone when playing it. I love this game but I am thinking of installing it since I have to downloaded the new ones twice thinking it will be easy to receive but no luck when it comes to incoming calls",40 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
991,dharani,"February 14, 2023","In my candy crush game,the levels of all players is not showing...and it's showing like the problem is on our side..come again soon it will be rectified..till now I'm worried of this.. kindly pls do the fixations",55 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
992,Santosh,"February 16, 2023",Videos not coming for me but my friends got video after loosing the game. Sweet cinema and many more not working on my profile.please enable that.,0,1,candy_crush
993,Kudakwashe Mitchell Kumani,"February 18, 2023",Candy crush becomes boring sometimes especially wen you at stuck at one level for over 2 weeks otherwise it's an interesting game and it deserves a 5 star rating,0,5,candy_crush
994,Charlie Brown,"October 23, 2022","Gone downhill. As of late, when I pass a level, the screen freezes with a blank CC background and won't reload. I am continually closing out of the app and reentering to continue my play. I have tried uninstalling and re-installing to no avail. If this continues, I'll be returning to change my rating to a 1 & delete the app once & for all.",103 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
995,Camryn Ogilvie,"February 6, 2023",Very fun to play when your trying to pass the time. I used to play this game when I was little and it brings back so many memories. Very relaxing I love it.,0,4,candy_crush
996,Petra White,"February 15, 2023","Lots of errors, perks disappear, no incentive to keep players who have been playing for a long time",0,1,candy_crush
997,Joseph Harris (Joey H.),"January 28, 2023","Always thought ""Eh. Candy Crush is such an old person's game"". Decided to try it and realized the old people CLEARLY know how to have fun! Game is truly addicting and does very well at making you want to move forward and continue playing! 5 stars all the way!!",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
998,Priyansh Thakuri,"February 3, 2023","Why 💭💭 r u remove ads in game . I'm playing game in many mene last chance some time wait for Ad not available... It's getting old watching a 30 second video and then at the end it tells you ""Ad not available"". Please check and available putting game ads reword. Thank you 💐💐💐 Candy Crush Saga team",0,4,candy_crush
999,Donna Falcone,"January 27, 2023",Level 1178 is just ridiculous not fun at all not enough moves been playing for days.Can't complete game. Can't get any help. Ready to quit game. What good is update. Not fun or relaxing. Super levels are ridiculous not fun at all. Just to hard. Not enough help.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1000,Michelle Bartley,"January 26, 2023",Love the pictures and the Drop of each level one level always has a good idea. Plus very easy to use and get back to me.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1001,Chris Hwang,"February 15, 2023","This game puts you in a vicious cycle of gaining gold and power ups and then losing them all. Constantly putting you in situations that to tempt you into spending money. Also, every time you close your eyes all you will see is exploding candy. Worse than nicotine",0,1,candy_crush
1002,Amit Kadawla,"January 28, 2023","If I passed the level, there is no next option to move next level. I have to close candy crush and again start the game to continue to play my game.",0,1,candy_crush
1003,Christina Gundersen,"January 31, 2023","Your messages of failure are very overdone. If I were someone struggling with depression issues, this might put me over the edge. One message is plenty. Four times in the same minute is way too much.",0,3,candy_crush
1004,Angie Steele,"February 2, 2023","This used to be really fun but now it forces you to pay money for ""gold bars"" or other resources just to pass the level...like it's no longer a strategy game but rather a money grabber it's really sad.",0,2,candy_crush
1005,Doug Henning,"January 29, 2023","This game used to be fun until the developers got greedy. Upper levels are insanely hard without buying a bunch of stuff to beat them. So you have to watch a ton of ads and it's still a dice roll. Games are supposed to be fun, aren't they?",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1006,Sane Njomi,"January 31, 2023",I just remembered that the reason I would uninstall Candy Crush is because you will get stuck on 1 level for 5 weeks while they try and get you to buy gold bars so you can use them to help you get past the level they're clearly now allowing you to get through 😐 I'm so bored with this already,0,3,candy_crush
1007,EPS Granny,"January 27, 2023","Crashes you lose all and have to start over by reinstall. Oh, but make an account and you save progress. No thanks.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1008,John Anderson,"January 30, 2023",I think some of the ridiculous levels with such little moves to be able to beat them without having to use your boosters and I do agree with some of the polls that say you have to buy boosters with your own money the beat some of these levels I am seriously thinking of uninstalling this game,0,2,candy_crush
1009,Nivedita D,"January 28, 2023",Iam not getting cotton candy climb since one month and also in some mobiles i see some new updates like give boosters and moves after seeing ad but i haven't get anything like that even i reinstalled once again updated but no use the game is getting bored without these features....,0,3,candy_crush
1010,Tony,"February 1, 2023",Levels have become unreasonably difficult it seems to push you to spend money to continue playing. Not how the game use to be not worth the time or space.,0,1,candy_crush
1011,Donna Neasby,"January 28, 2023","Always have loved the crush games but I never spend money on games, any game. Retired and living on Social Security fixed income. I do love it though. So, unfortunately will only buy with my gold bars, no actual money.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1012,Jason Winings,"January 29, 2023",Best game ever! Almost at level 7000 and still loving it. Some levels may be challenging but that certainly is the fun of it!,0,5,candy_crush
1013,Yvonne. u tube Swart,"January 26, 2023","Just want to change my review,I love the game ,but lately it seems to crash too often, especially when I'm on a winning streak and game becomes fast,busy. Please fix it",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1014,Md Abdullah Shake,"January 27, 2023",after updating this game not work properly. mainly when i play this game thene game sound not doesn't work . sometimes music trun off automatic. please fix this music issues on your games .,0,2,candy_crush
1015,nassali hanifah,"January 28, 2023","I don't know know why this new version of the game keeps my phone vibrating,I would have given five stars but because of that I'm only giving you guys only one,it's so irritating when the phone keeps on vibrating while I'm playing the game, please try to solve the problem",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1016,Kalina Popova-Safwat,"February 1, 2023","Uninstalled. First levels are fun, then after level 100 the game becomes more and more greedy, and unfair. Not enjoyable. Thanks for the play.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1017,Swati Gupta,"February 5, 2023",The moves are less as compared to the target set and then for everything you need to purchase. For everything you have to spend money. The game is not free.,0,2,candy_crush
1018,Rajroshan Jaiswal,"January 27, 2023",Now this game graphics are changed as privious game graphics. I wanted to give you 1 star but as your previous experience i will give you 4. But i am hoping that again you guys can change this graphics like previously.,0,4,candy_crush
1019,Nischaya Shrestha,"January 29, 2023","Candy Crush Saga is a puzzle game that involves making matches of 3 or more colored candy pieces. Players swap candy pieces either horizontally and vertically, and once a match is made, the candy disappears, causing the surrounding pieces of candy to fall into the empty spaces.",0,5,candy_crush
1020,Leo Patrick,"February 4, 2023",DO NOT RECOMMEND! Started playing this game but can't get my hard earned gold bars without paying for my piggy bank.. Fawk that.. Greedy sunsabitches want everything paid for now just to pass a couple levels then get stuck on another for weeks. DO NOT INSTALL!,0,1,candy_crush
1021,Thoughtful Bison,"January 26, 2023","This games adds are really annoying. If you click 0.00000q cm away from the x button you are sent to the app store. Really annoying I'm trying to play crpssy road. Don't install this game, these guys are anoying",0,1,candy_crush
1022,Matthew Haller,"February 5, 2023",fun levels and theyre always adding more. little conpetitions add to the fun and watching video ads are sinple ways to move forward.,0,5,candy_crush
1023,Becky Chamblin,"February 3, 2023",like the game a lot just wish the timer on gifts or other things would stop when u was off the game. Cool game addictive it needs more ways to earn power ups etc for levels,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1024,Woof,"February 4, 2023","I love this game! It's great for all devices, and hardly any lag! There is even no ads unless you use it to get something! I highly recommend.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1025,Neha Priya,"January 31, 2023",Impossible to play without boosters and gold bars. Playing repeatedly same game getting bored. I wish I would delete this app What is the use of Piggy bank. We cannot use the gold bars init.,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1026,Bianca Woller,"January 25, 2023","It's fun and if you don't buy add ons you won't be able to get stuck stress playing for hours, so it's a good way to take the edge off of your stress but still get things done",0,5,candy_crush
1027,Deepak Thakur,"February 1, 2023",I have played 4+years this Game of Candy crush saga.I reached 3621 levels. Many times lost of gold. First 15 levels so completely 1st Rank and Win 20-25 Gold. This Game is Most Fabulous and Motivationals.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1028,taoheed ola,"January 26, 2023","Its fun playing candy, just feel second and third weekly position prizes needs to be reviewed. That's is, second position for week should be gifted with sweater and improved package. Thanks",0,5,candy_crush
1029,Rhonda Henry,"January 26, 2023","Recently I accidentally uninstalled my game, but when I downloaded it again, now my game will only play in the straight up position, my tablet is heavy, so its really hard to hold it in that straight up position. How can I fix this?. Thanks",461 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1030,Lorrie 'Laura' Wilson (Bizzee Girl),"January 25, 2023",The game might as well play its self with all the prompts. It could be ok if it werent for the constant distraction. Uninstalling because it drives me whacko!,0,1,candy_crush
1031,Lukas Simmons,"February 2, 2023","Because, I just love the way you can match three candies but the candy bomb just like explodes the candy i would keep playing candy crush but sometimes you can run out of moves but i just think it is fun 🙂 i think the game candy crush is entertaining",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1032,Trevor Ashman,"January 31, 2023","it gives you amd option to watch an ad for a reward. watch the ad, it says reward granted. But you can never close the ad. useless.",0,1,candy_crush
1033,Carole Witcombe,"January 29, 2023",You can't claim your prize when you move up a level. The game glitches and you can't proceed unless you exit. You do t obtain your level up prize.,0,2,candy_crush
1034,Osei Mireku Renolf,"January 29, 2023","Now unable to watch ads to at least get 3 moves to finish a level. If you improve on this,then I can rate 5 star. thank you",0,1,candy_crush
1035,Debbie Shahan,"January 31, 2023",Used to be a great game but now it controls how much you play. Can't play till you run out of lives only 10 lives per game . Would NOT RECOMMEND. Play clockmaker instead,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1036,Regine Baylon,"January 29, 2023","Fun. My recommendation only is, i hope developers notice this! Saved the progress where players can ""replay"" their gamess, their every moves. That would be amazing to seee!",0,5,candy_crush
1037,Brianna Callaway,"January 28, 2023",I'm just telling you now for the future. Whenever you get on a high level. DO NOT GO BACK ON THE 1ST LEVEL. I completely lost ALL of my progress because my little sister wanted to know what it was like to play. (Just for future reference). Thank you,0,2,candy_crush
1038,yogitha,"January 27, 2023","Actually it is one of the good games, but since my latest update of this app, it slows down my mobile and also the sounds and vibrations during moves are not good.",0,3,candy_crush
1039,DEDZ,"January 28, 2023","Everything perfect ,but it would be better by adding global leaderboard and bring back race, make race often.",0,5,candy_crush
1040,Olamilekan oladeji,"January 29, 2023","Cool app... But please... The gold in the piggy bank, let it be retrievable rather than buying it... Since i play levels to win it, then i believe i have rights to get it without not buying it... Thanks.",0,4,candy_crush
1041,benijax pharmacy,"January 31, 2023",No ads to help you move to the next stage Which makes you stuck at 1 level for a long time I've been stuck at 1 level for a long time and I don't get anything to help me No ads or lives to continue,0,3,candy_crush
1042,MV G,"January 26, 2023",Have been playing this game from many years it was too good..but recently i uninstalled and installed it newly..now the Number of moves are too less to complete level..sometimes too frustrating,0,2,candy_crush
1043,Jacqueline Wise,"January 30, 2023","i can't describe in words how relaxing and fun candy crush is,when i play candycrush at the end of a hard day ,it alsays be worth it,the graphics,the high scores,and always giving rewards i love this game.this game is beyond fun ,its therapy if you want to chilax play candy crush it will do amazing benefits for you mentally its that full of all you need,fun ,excitement and the colors are so drawing ,so candycrush you is all that and MORE!",0,4,candy_crush
1044,Juno,"January 27, 2023",Making my review one star now because some levels (about 1/8 of them) are basically impossible to beat without paying money. What's the point of playing a game that's impossible,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1045,Bhagath M,"February 16, 2023",They are give 20 move to crush the 120 candy 🍬. I am playing the level in 222 it is not completing it is deadly level ther giving loss move....🙏 I am changing the person who founded the level it is not completing any more.I am deleting the game better to uninstall the game from Play Store.... There will chance to ask life to frds...... But now never give life to play this like games I am requesting to report this message to candy crush company......🛐🖕🖕🖕,0,1,candy_crush
1046,Pat Woodward,"January 31, 2023","Great game , get some very tough levels, really stuck at the moment. I will persevere though I will get there in the end",0,5,candy_crush
1047,No No,"February 2, 2023",I'm not spending money. It's fun until they make it Impossible to do well at higher levels without buying stuff. No thanks! Deleting!,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1048,Udit Narayan mishal,"February 6, 2023",Your game required high maintenance because many problems there. When I should buy some products they don't show me and later I will lossess my gold. Many times showing server problem,0,3,candy_crush
1049,Angie Quiroz,"January 26, 2023",It is fun to play but frustrating when the pop up shows no more moves when there clearly are more moves .,0,3,candy_crush
1050,Wada Nthoiwa,"January 30, 2023",I actually love the game. It would be nice to have the piggy bank offload for free sometimes though instead of wanting money all the time.,0,4,candy_crush
1051,Andy Palmer,"January 25, 2023","If you like watching LOTS of ads and having to deal with infinite prompts to spend, then this is the game for you.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1052,Jodie Topham,"January 27, 2023",Candy crush is exceptionally fun for me when I need to relax only one issue and that is I can never get off of the and it takes so long it's so hard to get powers to help,0,4,candy_crush
1053,Derrick Butterfield,"January 26, 2023",Sugar popping blast and deliciously fun for all ages. Nonstop challenges to think creative and make it through the maze they call Sugar Crush. Hope that sums it up. P.s its addicting.,0,5,candy_crush
1054,Brian Ruiz,"January 31, 2023","It used to be fun playing this game. They've finally decided to make it to the point where it's pretty much impossible to win without spending money... No thanks, time to delete.",0,2,candy_crush
1055,Frances Eyre,"February 6, 2023","Great fun 👌 😀 I like the twists and turns of the game. Keeps me wanting to play more, and the rewards are really generous. Really recommend 👏 I'm still here, still having fun 😀",348 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1056,Edwin Hamlet,"January 25, 2023","Great game, takes patience but it would be good to have more control of the pieces needed to pass levels",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1057,Donna Falcone,"January 30, 2023",Level 2191 is just to difficult not fun ready to quit game. Been playing for days and can't firgue it out. Not enough moves. No help. What good was a update. Just ridiculous can't firgue it out not relaxing or fun. Just ridiculous can't firgue it out.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1058,Raven Crowe,"September 19, 2022",They have a challenge with the green cups going on I was in first place on it and saving my games with fb. Suddenly my game froze and I had to uninstall it and then reinstall it to get it working again and it restarted me on the challenge so I now have to requalify to even start the challenge again. If I'm saving my progress with fb it should have still been on there at the rating I was already at. It's not fault the froz8when it did and I've noticed it doing that alot when I'm winning things,194 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1059,A Google user,"February 4, 2023","Excellent most of the time, but some ads don't play and u lose help with extra moves etc.",0,4,candy_crush
1060,Suraj Chaudhare,"February 10, 2023",Amazing game and enjoying a lot with lots of candy and my days are going with very stress free and playing with this game with my job and it's really fantastic I really love it I really love it and I play 5 hours a day and I enjoy a lot,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1061,Vicki Collins,"February 20, 2023",It's a fun game. Hadn't plan on playing. It was one of the game plans where you can win stuff so I tried it and now I play it all the time.,0,4,candy_crush
1062,Shweta Marthur,"February 15, 2023",⭐There should be moves saving bank in playing screen in candy crush saga........ When we play any level and win and some moves are left ..... These moves will stores in moves bank ...... And some level we need more moves to win.... We can take loan from our saving bank without paying any gold bar.... ⭐If we loose any level the power which we used should come back ....👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎,57 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1063,Roxanne,"February 10, 2023","Be cautious of adding your bank card. My debit card was charged for multiple small purchases before wanting to charge $97.41. Thankfully, my bank detected fraud and closed my card. Best to get a Google play gift card.",0,1,candy_crush
1064,Dolya Sibri,"February 8, 2023",It is an amazing game i am addicted to it hard after 2000 it's very thrilling may some might not like because it for small kids but it's really really nice go for it,0,5,candy_crush
1065,Brad Laycock,"February 12, 2023",The game because sometimes some of the puzzles you think you're done and the pieces fall in the right spot,0,5,candy_crush
1066,joy welcom,"February 13, 2023",I simply love candy crush I've been playing it for years I've even started over a few times but it's great to get my mind off bs if that's what your looking for in a game this is it,0,5,candy_crush
1067,azila suleiman,"February 1, 2023",Why I can't get free booster & free moves anymore? Also I really like the new background music.. Original one is much better and more fun to listen to..,0,1,candy_crush
1068,Karen Kraner,"October 19, 2022","I love this app. It's fun and hard to put down. I recommend this app. Update 10/16/22 Game keeps freezing and I'm on the same level for almost 3 weeks now. Getting frustrated. I'm about to give up on this game. Still stuck and can't play at all. I don't buy extra of anything and I can't move forward. I hit the X to get back to map and it's frozen. I'm done for awhile. Nothing is fixed. 10/18/22...going to delete app. I guess because I don't spend money, it's staying frozen. Bye",414 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1069,Cynthia Esslinger,"February 23, 2023","Definitely different than old candy crush. Some I like, some I miss. Overall, I like it. 👌I really like that you can earn boosters.",0,4,candy_crush
1070,Nolita Lavoie,"February 2, 2023","Fun for first few levels. Then stuck on nightmare hard, even with multiple special candies. Makes it not fun",0,2,candy_crush
1071,Rifa Rifat,"January 28, 2023",Candy Crush is my Favourite game forever..🥰 I love this very much.. 💕 There should be repeated play rules without giving the rules of playing 5 times..🥀 Hopefully the authority will look at..🌷,0,5,candy_crush
1072,Nyledor Osairap,"February 6, 2023",i really live this game although their are so many diffficulties when it comes to hard level its busted your mind to find way out...But sooner i still survive and win the game..thankz,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1073,K B,"October 22, 2022","Fun game but keeps freezing. Every time I lose a level and a purchase option pops up, the screen freezes. I can only go into purchase -which I don't want to do or shut the whole game down and reload. This is a new issue and it's incredibly frustrating. I'm currently on level 4505.",67 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1074,Delia Cothern,"February 7, 2023",I've played this game on and off for 8 years it helps me relax and helps me since I had a stroke to get my alertness back slowly but surely,0,5,candy_crush
1075,Simon Jones,"October 26, 2022","Boring. Earlier stages good fun but past lvl 400 they are smaller 'puzzles' with no skill involved at all. You just grind through levels waiting for the app to give you a 'doable' drop. This is not fun in the slightest. Really can't see the point of trying to finish a level that is unfinishable. I definitely have better things to do with my time. Shame, if it was skill based it would be good fun.",48 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1076,Kristin Dean,"November 17, 2022","Obvious cash grab is obvious. After you've progressed so far in the game it just swamps you with hard and extra hard levels either back to back or every 2 or 3 levels. Also, there's a difference between making a level difficult and making a level flat out impossible without boosters and/or extra moves. Not even a good time killer as I get to use my 15 moves on the same level 5 times, so in less than 10 minutes I'm completely out of lives and still on the same level.",76 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1077,Jack Comer,"February 2, 2023",Ok game until they put the bombs in now no more for me. They want you to lose so you use your rewards so you buy and spend. You cannot win with bombs.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1078,juliet ezejioha,"February 11, 2023",Very addictive game. You want to win the race so you can't stop until you claim your gold bars. I love it. I compete with my husband.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1079,Britiny Waruru,"February 4, 2023",It's fun it challenges your brain . It's not a must you use money . Patience is the key . Go and do your house chores or anything by the time You're done you can continue . I love it ♥️,0,5,candy_crush
1080,grace githuka,"February 12, 2023","The fact that i could restore my previous performance/levels when i changed my phone is worth a 5*to me,it's generally awesomely fun too",0,5,candy_crush
1081,Krutibash Majhi,"February 18, 2023","Candy crush is a game of skill. The game is simple,easy to learn, and easy to play.It's really good game .",0,5,candy_crush
1082,Ruth Wokabi,"February 14, 2023",The game is so dope and it's amazing i love it 😍😍. Kindly show the scores at the top where the moves are,0,4,candy_crush
1083,LaShonda Dunbar,"February 19, 2023",I am sick of this game cheating and then trying to force you to spend money to beat a level. I am truly annoyed by this game.,0,2,candy_crush
1084,Komolafe Mary,"February 19, 2023",It's fun tho I logged out of my old phone been trying to log into it now but was disappointed when I had to start all over again but tbh it's a fun filled game I love it,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1085,81cochj,"February 16, 2023",Please give us back the option to play the game in landscape mode. I just can't get used to playing vertically.,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1086,Keith Walker,"February 16, 2023",Nice game gets progressivly more difficult but nothing crazy. I would reccomend it to all. Updated version has more chanses to get cool stuff,0,5,candy_crush
1087,MALCOLM SKILTON,"February 7, 2023",Brilliant game. So calming every move is a different puzzle. Very much like the rubik cube. You have to think,0,5,candy_crush
1088,Vikram Singh Chowhan,"February 17, 2023",I Love this game very much and the new boosters are encouraging. At the same time don't cancel all the old boosters.,"2,040 people found this review helpful",5,candy_crush
1089,Deb Styman,"October 4, 2022",Great game for problem solving deleted it twice but came back to it .sometimes it catches you out. This keeps the games interesting xxxxx great game. I keep going back for more candy crush. The levels are harder than they were. Great new levels to overcome. Back again and still enjoying the different levels. STILL VERY MUCH ENJOYING THIS CREATIVE GAME.,579 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1090,Onuoha Joy C.,"February 1, 2023","Very interesting game 👌. I can play this game All day. The developers should increase the number of lives, five is not enough. I recommend this game for everyone.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1091,Carri-ann Risdale,"February 8, 2023","Annoys me that my partner has an iPhone, and his candy crush is better than androids as he gets to watch videos to get free boosters and free moves!",0,1,candy_crush
1092,Kelvin Orugba,"February 8, 2023","This game is wonderful n mind training of all the candy crush saga is way more advance, challenging and Fun to play.",0,5,candy_crush
1093,Dawn Hinsley,"October 15, 2022",Don't play unless you are willing to pay. After a while it becomes impossible to pass levels without spending money. I've been on the same level for weeks and the game won't let me past a screen where it's trying to make me spend money to move on - have to force the app to close and restart game. Going to uninstall and try something different.,53 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1094,Venugopal Kondur,"February 11, 2023",I have completed 6302 levels so far. But it shows on phone screen 5000.seems no up dates regarding level updates.,0,4,candy_crush
1095,Kusum Perera,"February 7, 2023",It's really funny...😊no end Some levels are amazing😇 and there are tough levels 🤢too... I love to play it....♥️,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1096,Russ Ral,"September 7, 2022","The game has lost its class. I'm on level 4386 and I've never spent a dime until about level 3900. Now, it's virtually impossible to get anywhere without making a purchase. Keep in mind, I've been playing this off and on for nearly 7 years. We all know that the game is rigged but since I made my 1st purchase, it WILL NOT let you win any of the hard levels without having to make more purchases. I will be deleting it soon cause it's just not fun to play any more.",558 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1097,--,"September 10, 2022",It's a good game. Getting gold bars isn't too difficult either. But between levels the game has so many pop ups (related to the game) instead of jumping straight to the next level. Extremely annoying. And they're not quick pop ups either. There is a whole animation for some of of them. Would rate 5 stars without so many popups,372 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1098,Susan VanSchuyver,"January 28, 2023","It is lots of fun to play and the game works well. However, after you play one game for an endless amount of times, I wish there were a way to pass. I am close to giving up on the game.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1099,Yogesh Pratap Singh,"September 13, 2022","The tagline shows that swipe the stress however playing this game has become a stress now. Infinite ads in loop are just irritating. Level have become unnecessarily difficult which you can't cross in those limited moves. Algorithm has turned in such manner that it doesn't help you out rightly. I am no more interested in playing. A player who has crosse 1250 levels... In one level where if you clear 🍒, they do not come even and you just play blank. They pop out when you are left with 1 or 0 move",470 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1100,Tammy S.,"February 9, 2023",Ugh. I can't stand all of the new sounds. I had to mute all. Makes it less interesting and less attractive.,0,3,candy_crush
1101,Albert Jones,"February 2, 2023","So much fun! Mental illness is very dangerous and when I begin to feel depressed, I grab my phone and play candy crush, it always lifts me up.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1102,Diksha Rawat,"January 27, 2023",I had 41 gold bars when I use them my game stopped working and I had to play that level again from the starting and they deduct my 10 gold bars even I haven't used them. I want my gold bars back please,0,3,candy_crush
1103,Muhammad Saqlain,"February 17, 2023","It is an amazing game app to get rid of boredom. The graphic, animations or everything is splendid",0,5,candy_crush
1104,Shaik Mannan,"December 2, 2022","The game claims itself to be a stress buster but someone has already well said that upon reaching the higher levels, the possibility of clearing reduces drastically and the game itself becomes a reason of stress😅😅😅 and it makes me lose interest and ultimately forgetting the game itself!!!!🤔🤔🤨😐😐",8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1105,L Gilliard,"February 2, 2023","Fun! Like the music like the characters. Cool score combos, power ups, and fun events!",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1106,lucie N,"January 10, 2023","Splendid☺addictive especially when you climb levels without fail even if you get stuck for some days, there is somehow a way i think 😂 you get helped to get out. Playing also with friends gives you lives💟to go on and on.. I like it!",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1107,Akanso Precious,"December 27, 2022","Awesome...and i always enjoy the game,it is pertinent i let you knw about it Even though it takes much of someones time.....the competition is so intense...hahaha...but i love it sometimes...even if am not always winning....but then it gives me every courage...to continue...come..on precious you can, you got this! if you can just decide not to fail...again..take a step.....you aint meant to be there...makea move....you got...this! And i also wanna thank the inventors. Pease increase the life",25 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1108,carolyn king,"January 24, 2023","I'm on level 13,098 and I've spent a lot of $ buying boosters to get that far. Also when you win boosters there SHOULD NOT be a time limit on when you can use them!! What happens if I run out of lives before the time is ? I loose them, I think it's time for me to say goodbye....",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1109,Ray,"December 14, 2022","I played this game for the gems and did everything it said to do and I still don't have my gems. it said to complete the task within 28 days and I did that in less than a week. I have no gem rewards for doing it, I recommend anyone reading this, not to waist your time on it because you will do it for nothing and get nothing but time waisted. so I give this a half a star not a full one!.",0,1,candy_crush
1110,Caroline Gough,"January 11, 2023",The game has definitely improved in the few years since I last played. It has become more player friendly by giving you a better chance of topping up your gold bars and add-ons without spending money.,10 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1111,silent - knight,"December 28, 2022",I strongly recommend that don't play this game after getting higher leve you feel l its very irritating casue they don't provide enough move for watching their add and they show too many offers to buy you. Just i want to say it's very irritating and rubbish game i have ever seen. I quited after 3000 level cause you can't cross even a normal level in day 3-4 in average of 3 hour per day,0,1,candy_crush
1112,CH SUFIYAN GILL,"January 7, 2023","Candy Crush Saga used to be a good game and I loved it and had cleared 1500+ levels, but when they start giving Ad make it easy and a lot of Ad irritate while playing the game, that's why I give 1 star instead of 4 due to their greedy nature!",0,1,candy_crush
1113,Scissors ._.,"January 14, 2023","This game is a masterpiece, the story is a cinematic and emotional journey. It has no pay walls and is free to play. The sequels are even better, with the masterpiece of the jelly saga. I am hoping they will make a movie based off this masterpiece PAYMENT RECEIVED÷(5 STAR INCHECKN38EI)",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1114,Tatiana Moiseeva,"January 15, 2023","The game is entertainmening. No ads, but constantly trying tomake me pay for stuff. I'd rather watch an ad for an extra life, certainly not paying money for imaginery candy.",0,4,candy_crush
1115,welabir'ekiwe jamirah ali,"January 5, 2023","This game is really fantastic, fun and more so its too addictive it can't leave you the same once you open it. Its indeed hillarious and stress killer. I just can't get enough of it.The more i play it, the more i fall in love with it.",18 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1116,Ena Bošković,"December 17, 2022","A lot of issues lately, can't klick the ""next"" button after the game, have to leave the app and then enter again to go to the next level.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1117,John Anning,"January 7, 2023",Why has the game become pay as you play? It has made the game not fun as it used to be. Even if u losses all your life! u have to wait about 30 minutes to be able to get a single life to be added. The game is below 1 star now!!!!!,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1118,Janelle Medvecky Ulickey,"January 16, 2023","The colors, sounds, and challenges are amazing. I'm getting a better understanding of the game and Mistplay is nice knowing when you play you earn.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1119,Kiran Sikand,"January 22, 2023",I have payed actual money for boosters and I have not received any of them. This has happened multiple times and if you ask me this game is a scam. I am going to spread this news to it's a great game most of the time I played this game on to Let worries out but when you invallave that's not good that's put you in pressure if you guys Let a fair game then it's an interesting game,5 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1120,Mayank Choudhary,"December 17, 2022",Candy Crush is not a game but a stress buster. It takes your mind off from the monotony of routine and gives you a sense of accomplishment and purpose. The game has been made very intelligently to achieve that sweet spot of engagement.,7 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1121,Bo bo (Bobo),"January 11, 2023","Great game, hopefully this update will stop the game cheating, multiple times ill be on last move and fruit will just hang over the bottom without falling down, you have to watch ad or pay to play on and not even make a move to win or there are candies lined up but will not burst on last move",0,3,candy_crush
1122,Michelle Harlen,"December 27, 2022",Love love this game still. Only thing I can't agree with is the fact that some levels are impossible to beat without spending money on extra moves or something.,4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1123,A Google user,"December 27, 2022","With the new continue play with 3 options, it goes to the Shop instead or allowing you to pick one of the 3 boxes. If you exit the game and place again, following the same option to continue play, the game freeze and you lose.",194 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1124,Timothy Smith,"January 10, 2023",I've been playing this game for years and I really enjoy it i play it every day i do understand that you have to pay for extra rewards so I just play and enjoy sometimes I do buy rewards i just get caught up and keep playing. What can I say I like this game. peace,4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1125,Nishant Ranjan,"December 27, 2022",I didn't get any option to watch ads and get the reward it's gonna more than 35+ levels but i shouldn't get the ads option any more. And also I update the app regularly but i couldn't find it anymore,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1126,Scott Gray,"December 17, 2022",I picked it up as many times as I throwing it down s*** it will frustrate you but you get addicted don't play it save yourself. you don't need another thing in your life to be addicted to. haha,95 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1127,Saiful Islam Jim,"January 23, 2023","Downloaded this game from an advertisement of another game. Candy Crush is giving AD to somewhere where it doesn't give promised options. Leave it, I don't like this game as it seems excessive childish, it doesn't mean that you won't like. You can try...",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1128,Yolanda De Castro,"December 31, 2022","Sometimes one has to be patient and persistent in solving a certain level. Overall, the game is challenging and boggling at times!",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1129,Paisley Bishop,"December 22, 2022",ok this the best app ever I give it five stars because the levels are really fun and because I love the graphics😍😍😍 Some of the levels are hard tho you have to use a power up to complete them other than that I recommend for all ages and it a really good app,4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1130,Jo Po,"January 23, 2023",I give this an 4 because I want them to stop giving us hints when I want to figure it out by myself. Overall this is an awesome game. Keep up the good work guys.If you can fix my problem I will fix the rate and give it an 5,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1131,Jennifer Koprivech,"December 19, 2022","Been having a lot of fun but ""swiping the stress away"" isn't very accurate when you run out of moves XD still very fun but have to think 5 or more steps ahead to win which is great.",8 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1132,Shweta Dowlani,"January 15, 2023",Coolest game ever. Love the difficulties and challenges. It is for people who like Challenges in games. Not for everyone !,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1133,Nic Corten,"January 11, 2023",Probably the worst obvious scam I've come across so far I will share the poor algorithms in my next blog you really should stop playing it now target the bored and fleece them stuck on the same level for weeks and then fly threw it without realising what happened it's a ploy to keep you going on the monetary gain to them until they think you're going to uninstall then boom wake up guy's give it a miss,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1134,Flordeliza Estacio,"December 30, 2022",Keeping you in mind for future events. More challenging and more fun to play..you have to keep your mindset in the game. Hope i complete the game..,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1135,Roxana G. Duran,"January 18, 2023",Honestly a fun game to conquer the mind but hate that they want you to buy things to be able to advance or get more lives. Granted I know all are getting that way but definitely miss just the games to play.,0,4,candy_crush
1136,MaNazah Chandler,"January 20, 2023","Great game, very addictive. I despise how the things we need have to be bought with actual money. I shouldn't have to spend my money just to enjoy and progress in any game.",0,4,candy_crush
1137,Mrs. Crowe,"January 12, 2023",I have played this game off and on for years. It's been a blast until recently. I made a purchase a couple of weeks ago and no longer get the option to watch ad to receive free boosters.,3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1138,Hussam Hussam,"December 19, 2022",Totally fun...but it drives me crazy when I am stuck for days on the same level...truly. ..I thought many times about deleting the game....there should be a solution for that,0,3,candy_crush
1139,Gary Parkinson,"December 26, 2022",Starting to have lots of problems. Click an ad to get extra moves and it freezes. Have to restart the game,0,3,candy_crush
1140,Valerie Riddick,"January 8, 2023",Music is boring now.. bring back the old music!!! I loved the old song that played when the level was failed. It was funny. Now it's boring.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1141,Carlos Santana,"January 23, 2023","Now i remember why i uninstalled it before, for the same reason i am uninstalling it now, unbelievable how a game that is supposed to be fun and relaxing, turns into a money pit for you greedy people, just disgusting. Also this game makes me angry, because you guys make it almost impossible to play it without spending money in it which i didn't but i know people who did, and truth be said, A LOT of money, none of you has a conscience for sure. DISGUSTING!!! This is nothing but a glorified SCAM!",0,1,candy_crush
1142,outatime77 jc,"January 8, 2023","Used to love this app but now it's getting to the point you are stuck on a level for days at a time unless you buy boosts, seems to be just a cash grabbing app now, think I will just delete it rather than pay for a 'free' app.",0,2,candy_crush
1143,Nicholas Bowd,"January 3, 2023","First hundred levels or so are fine and fun, but then it just gets frustrating and boring and totally not what I want to spend my free time doing.",0,2,candy_crush
1144,GALAXYGOD XD,"December 16, 2022",Love it but wish the dark blue (VERY Hard) levels just had 5 more switches. I don't really think 20 is the perfect amount.,0,4,candy_crush
1145,Kat McDermott,"December 14, 2022",Way to many adverts to click through after levels and please get rid of the 'add friend' suggestions for random people who completed levels.,0,2,candy_crush
1146,GLEZ,"December 17, 2022",Why does it have to change the sound?🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ I like the old crushing sound. Please change it back to original sound its one of the reason why I like playing this. I dont want to uninstall and reinstall this app again to be able to get back the crushing sound.,0,4,candy_crush
1147,Kathy Palmer,"January 22, 2023","It's a go-to, all time favorite. Challenging and enjoyable!, At age 79, my vision starting to fall a bit, I win enough to enjoy the game.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1148,Michael Williams,"January 23, 2023","I'm a 47yo man and this game has got me hooked. I avoided playing it for s VERY long time just because it looked to ""little girlish"" but then I got on it for another reason and now I can't put it down. Perfect example of not judging a book by it's cover...",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1149,nays reds,"January 1, 2023",This is a little hard game and easy game to . But I's a little hard because level 26 is hard. But the other levels are easy in plus it doesn't give you and me enough life's and me and my mom got mad.,0,1,candy_crush
1150,Sowmi,"January 8, 2023","Dear Candy crush, i fedup to complete 4994th level. More than 100 times i try to complete but i couldn't. My money and rewards also finished. Now I'm in poor condition. Please try to understand. If you help me to finish this level I'll give 5stars.",0,1,candy_crush
1151,Katie Firth,"December 24, 2022",I like playing your king game but I wish I could play with out the games help. I wish you would stop saying to keep on chilling this game is frustrating sometimes. Y don't you just for us I don't need your help please fix.,7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1152,Robert Allman,"January 7, 2023","Game is made so unless you pay for boosters it can take days or weeks for game to let you pass them. Normaly after 2 or 3 moves i can tell if i,ll pass level and quit no matter how many moves are left. Time for king to scrap game and make something new but obviosly they make to much money of it......",0,1,candy_crush
1153,Eva Buttercholic,"December 25, 2022","I loved this game long time ago, sometimes you stuck on hard level. But now another hard level after you just passed 1st hard level. So funny! They want you use real money, uh!",0,2,candy_crush
1154,Chrissie Smith,"December 17, 2022",The game is totally fun .So many levels mystery and chances on winning more bars to unlock levels keeps me on the edge of my chair . Fun Fun as I level up.,4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1155,Clarence Mudiwa,"January 19, 2023","I have changed my review because 😊 i have came to love the game. But please just reward us something on "" Climb the tree"" because at times i feel cheated after trying almost every time and coming out with nothing...😣. Please fix the bug in the last update",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1156,Гришка Уваров,"January 9, 2023","Some in-game items aren't renewable, so players either need to buy them for real money or play without them. Overall game is nice, especially if you have nothing to do",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1157,Vincent Repasi,"December 27, 2022",I was enjoying this game for 3 or 4 months. Once I bought something they took the fun out of it. Now there making where they want me to spend more money. Not wasting my hard earned money. Deleting this app right after this post🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕uuuuuuuu,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1158,Daniel,"December 16, 2022","Used to be ok,...now, micro transactions, stupid side games, ads, levels that are impossible to finish without paying for. I'm not giving money to these developers who flood the play store with same game garbage.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1159,emmanuel Effiong,"January 9, 2023","I don't know what word to use, because this game has helped me in more than one way helped me to learn to wait and the road to life won't always be as we expect it to be one issue am having is that this game needs to update to where we can add friends from candy crush to Facebook",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1160,The Yellow Duck,"January 12, 2023",Amazing game the levels are fun but not too easy or hard. Would recommend for anyone who wants to relax and have fun with no stress. Brilliant game!👍,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1161,katie lees,"January 23, 2023","Such a good game if you need to waste some time at the drs, on the bus. Love that you get different sort of levels and skill sets to upgrade",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1162,Tera Mcfarland,"January 23, 2023","fun unless the server isn't working I won the race and when I try to claim it, the page freezes and I can't claim it or do anything. It's been over a week or two since I won the race but if I try to claim it, it freezes and sometimes it freezes on that claim prize page all by itself. Not fun",0,2,candy_crush
1163,Amedu Samuel,"December 27, 2022","One of the best candy game and very Easy to play just that one can not make money playing it, it would have be fun if the developers add a little things to it like get pay playing it online.",17 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1164,Allison Shepherd,"January 11, 2023",It's a good game to play especially when you have bad days and also bad anxiety. It also helps me calm down when I get upset and just in general it's a good game to play when you have the time to play it and can pay all your attention to the game and to not try to get distracted by anything else going on lol 😜.,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1165,secret lockwood,"December 19, 2022","So, how come when someone challenges me to win a hard level and I win 2 hard levels in a row, how do I still lose? Was never that way before and happens all the time!!! Please fix!",3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1166,Milimo Kakunta (Mealo),"January 9, 2023","No complain the game is good no ads just clean and fun to play. Though challenging in some levels which makes it fun to play, its delicious....",0,4,candy_crush
1167,Sonja Evans,"January 19, 2023",I think they should give us 10 moves to start with in each level instead of 5 because some levels are very hard to pass with just 5 moves and also not everyone has funds to buy bars or extra moves,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1168,Hike The PNW,"January 9, 2023","Whatever y'all did to this game change it back, I can't receive hearts from friends the levels are just retardedly hard now and unless you buy something you can't win. Would've been 5 stars 2 years ago, what a shame.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1169,Muhammed Munawar,"December 30, 2022","It's worst app,because they are cheating, when we finishing hard leavel we have to by online gold bar,extra power,otherwise we can't win the leavel, without gold bar and extra power we try to win the app not work properly because they coded like that only 👎👎👎👎👎👎",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1170,Akosua Adiepena.,"January 19, 2023",I uninstall the app as it was unable to connect to the server and now I have lost all my boosters and saved life after I reinstall the app. Why do I have to lose my hard earned boosters if i have an account? I will uninstall for good!! Because this is annoying😡,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1171,John Robert,"January 8, 2023","The game is awesome, but I'm thinking that they cheat because some hard levels you can play it like five times till they decide to pass it for you, you will experience boosting of candy from no where😂😂",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1172,Kimberly Dodge,"December 25, 2022",My 5 year nephew got me hook on this game. On Christmas Eve. I'm been enjoying it. We been challenging each other. He call me every time he gets to another level. It's pretty cool. Funny about he got me. Threw the first 10 lever. Now it up to each other. An excellent game so far.Been enjoying it.☺️,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1173,Chris Wagenbach,"January 11, 2023",I played this until level 4596 when all of a sudden boosters of any kind were removed I purchased a few more only to have them also removed I absolutely love this game since my husband passed but I cannot keep buying boosters. Any help would be appreciated.,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1174,Stella Tetteh,"January 12, 2023","The game is sooo cool but sometimes very difficult to play at some stage😩I always get happy playing the game,I used to get ads so get more booster but no more,and u need to add more moves to the difficult part",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1175,Chris Towers,"December 16, 2022",Fun game but some levels it's almost impossible to achieve 3 stars without paying for power ups. Which is a shame or it would of been 5 starts.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1176,Jules P,"January 3, 2023","I dont get why we can only accept 20 free lives a day. Whats the point in being able to have 200 total free lives banked? It used to be unlimited uses from free lives. Really dont like this new rule. And like everyone else says, so many clicks going through all available tasks. Let this be a choice.",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1177,David DeHart,"January 6, 2023","Ads are getting longer. Too many game levels take too many attempts to win. Being playing for several years, no much fun any more.",0,1,candy_crush
1178,Draven Màkerõv,"December 30, 2022","A lot better then it used to be. Still an ad maniac but it's all by ""choice"". Still makes a level I was stuck on for a year passable.",0,3,candy_crush
1179,d D,"December 21, 2022",Only reason I tried this game cause on mist play cause hyper points . I got bored .this game is for older people haha all you do is match candy you get to a certain level you cant even do that unless you buy stuff to help you you mean people waste money on this??,0,1,candy_crush
1180,Shinglai Raleng,"January 15, 2023","Who knows not how to play should not disturb the players who know how to play. Its hilariously timed, it's about timing, every second counts, therefore misconstrued as addictive/addiction. But I swipe my stress",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1181,Akin Laide,"January 3, 2023","The Game is interesting, but some level are difficult to play, it takes two or more days to play it, have deleted it several times.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1182,L.2013,"December 16, 2022",Keeps kicking me out of the game now that I am almost to level 2000.. About to delete the game because it's frustrating that it let's me start the level then wastes my booster and life by kicking me off the game.,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1183,Christina Long,"January 14, 2023","Very fun, but impossible to play without spending lots of money. I've already spent too much-I'll have to uninstall soon. I can't just be wasting money like this, LOL!!!",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1184,Jari Hyle,"January 1, 2023",Account creation doesn't work. In the end most of the hard levels are just too random so you just need luck to beat them.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1185,Brandon Biljan,"December 31, 2022","Great for strengthening cognitive thinking, and can be a stress relief also. Definitely Great for wasting time. Lol, jk.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1186,Tonya Wingard,"January 5, 2023",Played candy crush for years level 5076 is going to be my last level I agree with other reviews and articles that say Candy Crush has become a scam and will only let you pass levels if you purchase boosters. It' also changes the fall pattern mid game and quit qiving the rewards for playing every day sending lives etc,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1187,l.vizgoft,"December 15, 2022",Latest version glitches EVERY TIME a level is completed. Have to close app and reopen simply to get the next level. Getting OVER IT 😤,0,1,candy_crush
1188,Matthew Bingman,"January 19, 2023",Awesome game. Definitely too much money for anything useful so it seems more of a pay to gain levels. I don't mind grinding out on levels to beat them. I'm just thankful for no in game ads.,0,5,candy_crush
1189,Red Van Win,"December 28, 2022",The game is fun and intuitive to a degree. There needs to be more explanation of how it works to allow strategic planning,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1190,peter njoroge,"January 17, 2023",Massively a nice game to play while u are I dol but they are not fare in moves and time I can recommend that you should decrease time level when recharging the lives ......................anway the game us awesome. Kudos.....................hmysgjds6opfxafjnkl9cv buddjovde hisdk8rfjiuudggu..................but if you don't want to see any more of it please don't hesitate in replying as if we don't get any more of your work with you,0,3,candy_crush
1191,Tinley Madison,"January 24, 2023",Wish you didn't have to pay for gold anytme you 'play to win' it but other than that it's overall a fun game with little ads so I can understand the necessary evil.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1192,Diamond Fields,"January 14, 2023","No ads which I'm thankful for, but you have to pay for dang near everything. It's on purpose. Most levels are really hard and you run out of lives sonyou need to pay for more",0,2,candy_crush
1193,Cheryl Vanande,"January 8, 2023",Not too hard; I get to win periodically as well as get a challenge now and then that can be hard and take a few times. Almost always fun to do.,0,4,candy_crush
1194,Spyder Freestone,"December 30, 2022","Love the game, but you used to have ads for more plays available. What happened to those ads. I could of beat the level I'm on already if those were still there. Why are they gone?",3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1195,Mohamed AL-Nashef,"January 11, 2023","The make you lose, the goal is 5 cherry I got 4, and spend more than 200 gold extra moves and the didn't give me the fifth one, just to make me lose my 200+ strike. Don't play waste of time and money.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1196,Bobbie Jo Bollinger,"January 5, 2023","UPDATE: I AM NOW OVER LEVEL 9000 AND STILL NO UPDATED LEVEL BANNER. WAS TOLD BY CC THAT I WOULD BASICALLY HAVE TO COMPLETE A SERIES OF GAMES IN ORDER TO RECEIVE THE BANNER THAT I'VE ALREADY EARNED??? WAS ALSO TOLD THE OPPORTUNITY FOR THIS WOULD BE UNDER MY EVENTS TAB, AND GUESS WHAT? IT ISN'T. REALLY ABOUT DONE WITH THIS GAME AFTER THE $$$$ I'V PUT INTO IT. I am at level 8400+ and the badge was showing 8000, but since the update my badge shows 7000 instead of 8000. Anyone else having this issue?",80 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1197,Lisa West,"December 30, 2022",I love CANDY CRUSH!!! I love the rush of winning each game to go to the next level. I would recommend this game to everyone for a stress free time for myself!,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1198,Colette Larkin,"January 10, 2023","Fun, fast and lots of levels to keep you going. App very good, very responsive and delays with anything!",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1199,Royce Murray,"December 24, 2022","I started this game to earn diamonds in another game. I must admit that I love playing it more. I'm addicted. If you like puzzles, multiple people, and candy bombs, this is the game for you!",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1200,Paul Botros,"January 19, 2023",Deliberately make levels so hard that you have to buy boosters. When starting a level and it immediately requires shuffling you know you have no hope of completing it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1201,Ebony Huffman,"January 4, 2023",Can't access my profile dont have friends listed anymore and can't send invites the app is messing up badly and to top it off the game literally cheat and glitch when you create a stripped candy it turns into the opposite of how you swipe to create the candy then it freezes the dispenser on boards when you are close winning making you lose this game continuously cheat you out of money and winnings but they offer no compensation nor correction of the problem and you can't reach cs at all,0,1,candy_crush
1202,Jan Tucker,"December 29, 2022","Isn't there any way to turn off the tutorials? They're annoying as heck. Also every level is clear the jelly, couldn't you come up with anything else? Boring",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1203,Subhro Gupta,"January 15, 2023",Lost all my credits after update which is horrible. Happened for the 3rd time in one month. Also it have become very slow and often hanging.,0,1,candy_crush
1204,Leo LeoPhiri,"December 28, 2022",My experience is you don't giving more rewards when I pass tough levels especially the gold bars you don't give enough after racing the tough levels.,5 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1205,Casper Ng,"December 26, 2022","On so many occasions was told to watch an advertisement so extra moves were granted. But lately after watching so many advertisements like Sentosa, survey or DBS etc etc no move was given. This more like cheating the public.",0,1,candy_crush
1206,Jak Carey,"December 22, 2022",Great fun. Have not played for a number of years but game has improved considerably. Now have a better chance of completing difficult levels,6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1207,Tracey Stanbro,"January 21, 2023",This game cheats me out of moves and the boosters don't help me out like they're supposed to. It's ridiculous. I've been playing this game for years and it just gets worse all the time. I've spent a lot of money too! I'm uninstalling it! I am done!,0,1,candy_crush
1208,Labake Obasa,"January 4, 2023","I discovered some games had been included, it's fun.l have my reservation about missing one day start over again. My phone got bad for some days. I was on over 2,000. It's my companion 🤣",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1209,Geoh Sim Tan,"January 15, 2023",very entertaining and exciting. Extremely hard level can caused stress!! Overall it keeps the thinking working.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1210,Mahar Jawad,"December 24, 2022",There seems to be a glitch in latest update or so. Every time i complete the level screen freezes and i cant tap next level & have to restart ge,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1211,Maureen O'Connor,"January 4, 2023",I am committed to not spending any money but it takes perseverance and patience. Dislike that some rewards earned and not available to use on certain levels.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1212,Hasnol Hatima,"December 19, 2022","After finish the level, they stuck at scorer board. I need to close the app and open again and again. Please fix the problem",0,3,candy_crush
1213,Batuk Mavadia,"January 11, 2023","Very interesting, improves puzzle solving capacity and mathematics. One can relax from daily problems and tension.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1214,Jason Paul Mc Mahon,"December 30, 2022","Quite addictive, I wish I could watch ads for rewards though. It's tough sometimes without any special moves.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1215,Lynn Ryan,"December 23, 2022",Come on guys I am on the verge of deleting this game everytime I click on an add the screen goes black and freezes been doing it for 3 days can you fix it please . Then I will. Go back to 5 stars,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1216,Joel Marte,"January 5, 2023","impossible to beat level 2707!!! only 11moves for that level?? 👎👎👎 and obviously need to buy boosters to surpass that level, another purchase again?? after i purchase boosters P250 philippine peso on level2704 recently, again another purchased level needed for level2707.😔😔😔 so i dedcided to UNINSTALL this game coz this game needed funds to enjoy. sorry😭😭😭😭😭😭 👋👋👋👋",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1217,Syamaprasad Chakrabarti,"January 17, 2023","This game is so much fun to play...love it! But the adds are so irritating! But overall game is good but adds should be removed...Telling everyone to play this game,please play, no one shall regret it ever....Thank you",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1218,Amanda Hartman,"January 2, 2023",The only thing stopping it from 5 star for me is that I have to pay to get some of my earnings and I should be able to watch ads to to get those. I mean I did earn the scrolls and I cant open the prize without paying.... bummer for real,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1219,Susan Scofield,"December 31, 2022","I would give this game zero stars if I could. When emailing support because the game glitched and gold bars were lost, I received a generic reply basically saying tough luck. Customer service is lazy.",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1220,Christian Taylor,"January 7, 2023","I used to love this game but when I tried to sign it it said that ""account couldn't be found"". I am so upset because I was on level 658 and I even mad in app purchases just for it all to be deleted.😡",0,1,candy_crush
1221,Ankan Banerjee,"January 3, 2023",Nice game unlimited level nice game and it fun it gets harder and it's get more fun and I am not bored with this game but I am bored when the live's becomes 0 so can you make it not boring for another update and the event's are ausome and it updated week on week so you don't get bored and I most like the future that you can get free gold's stuff's and i like wining streak and if you have account so you can get you progress good game but it has some ads but still good for me & it free download.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1222,Ann Brown,"January 15, 2023","One cannot change the avatar. Also, when one is close to winning the are left with one square to conquer, causing them to continue playing which I guess is your objective.",0,4,candy_crush
1223,David Oakill,"December 19, 2022","Huge game that doesn't need to advertise, yet it does and uses BS tricks to launch the game from an ad that I shouldn't have to watch in the first place. Uninstalled.",0,1,candy_crush
1224,louise munro,"January 13, 2023","As you move forward in the game, the levels are simply designed to make you spend money, without needing assistance it's impossible... Pretty shocking really as some people would op for buying their aids.",0,1,candy_crush
1225,Филип Тошевски,"January 1, 2023",They’ve changed the music and sound effects and now the game just sounds bad. This was the last straw. Goodbye Candy Crush! You were great before King ruined you.,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1226,Trinity Olson,"January 16, 2023","Only 4 stars because sometimes some levels are stupidly hard no matter how many times you try it, and it takes too many times to get through them",0,4,candy_crush
1227,Nandiboots IA,"January 3, 2023","Level 16 has a glitch. Tried multiple times and finally got 3 stars with 210,000+ points, plus gold bars. But the game still only registered that I had 1 star.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1228,ND Wisz1,"December 16, 2022","This Game is becoming so annoying oo, before we get Ad to pass some levels but now no more, let me not talk about other errors, please we need Ad to pass some levels, Thank you",0,2,candy_crush
1229,Josh Calloway,"December 17, 2022","Great game to pass the time by. Also a great way to use your brain to strategically win, instead of just trying to bust candies up.",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1230,deepika singh,"January 15, 2023","Advertisment are long and mandatory. Secondly, the game is formatted to play on options they provide you. You cannot choose candies to smash on your own... And Advertisment.... if it's country delite add, not interested to watch.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1231,Amanda Casart,"January 23, 2023",I have had many problems paying for stuff and not receiving the item and not getting my money back.it sucks bad!.and they keep changing ways to get boosters and now it's harder to get gold...,6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1232,Jean Wilson,"December 16, 2022",It's good fun I'm enjoying it very much I can't put it down so good I hope I can get further on it I had to take it of it was freezing all the time I'll see what it does now that I've loaded it back up it seems ok it's still working since I loadedf it back in it is a great game as long as it works so far so good I'm enjoying the new bits of it hope new bits get added soon still playing it it's really good still playing it from the beginning alot,21 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1233,Ukay Charming,"December 21, 2022","I love the game, but I have one issue, Sometimes I watch ad to continue a game, but after the ad, the game resets and I lose a life.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1234,Baranidaran S,"January 14, 2023","Very Bad,Because its my opinion when I have to play,then why you have to put race mode while playing it is very irritating.",0,1,candy_crush
1235,Jude Mathias,"January 7, 2023","At first it was fun and excitement playing candy crush, but after latest update it became boring and useless to play. Not only is it more nightmarishly hard difficult to play it's consuming my data.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1236,MST RAJIYA SULTANA,"January 13, 2023",Obviously this is a nice game. But I think it needs to increase lifetime and boosters. Because there are more difficult levels ahead.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1237,L,"January 25, 2023",Used to like it but now it sucks. I did an update and now easy levels are hard. They just want your money. It's getting uninstalled! Don't waste your time unless you have nothing better to do.,0,1,candy_crush
1238,Fatness,"December 22, 2022","At first I felt frustrated when i reached on level 2416 and I was not in a championship 🏆 race, to earn gold bars so I decided to uninstall the app and restore it again And now it's doing wonders! Thanks",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1239,Cecilia Anyaoha,"December 27, 2022",The game is very challenging And thats what makes it fun. But the easy levels appear more difficult than the hard levels I am very happy with this game The game is very challenging but I like it The game is still interesting But needs a few changes Very good game Still a very good game needs more updates I love the new updates Still loving the new updates Need more updates,156 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1240,Esther Chigozie,"January 10, 2023","I love candy crush alot but the app hangs alot, sometimes mid game. The longer ads are more annoying ,it's a fantastic game could play all day,I love",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1241,g2r00ve,"January 21, 2023",What the hell happened to the ads you watch that help you get boosters etc? Ya'll can bring them back. I'm close to uninstalling the app as levels have become virtually impossible,0,1,candy_crush
1242,Cassie Ryan,"December 27, 2022",I no longer have access to episode races even though my friends who play also do. This makes it very difficult to earn gold bars,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1243,Diana Brown,"December 20, 2022","My absolute favorite game😊😊 The levels are amazing, it can become challenging at times but I love the challenge.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1244,Scottrick LaRoque,"January 21, 2023",I'm generally not into this kind of game and only started playing it while downloading things on my computer or when commercials came on TV but it's not only fun but addictive and competitive I'm a FPS and MMORPG player but gosh darnit this is fun!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1245,aldrinlalthlamuana sailo,"January 10, 2023","Really an addicting game,fun,annoying in some level.Some of the hard skull levels are way easier than normal levels.",0,3,candy_crush
1246,Taylor Williams,"January 21, 2023","Pretty addictive, so many adds and pressure to purchase boosters, they constantly bombard you with boosters from ads and make it the levels to where you cant really complete them without a booster either, but fun game other than that",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1247,Sandip Kshatriya,"December 31, 2022",Having fun & enjoying the game .I am refreshed after playing this game.It is really a superb game.I regularly play this game from a long time. It make me cheering and it is also a mood elevator. I am pleased with this game.I played many other games but this game pleased me too much.I am playing this game since last six months.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1248,Terry Bright,"January 3, 2023",I have struggled through to level 3327 and am stuck. Looking at the Web for hints it would appear that my version of this level is different to others. What's that all about?,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1249,Syed Wajih Salim,"January 2, 2023",I am playing and wasting my time since last 7years mobile internet data money as well but I didn not get any reward from this game only foolish tricky game in any challenge game level stucked for some days not happy only a ping pong not a good for blood pressure because levels stucked automatically at very booring way I am not happy I just tried to end this game not interesting game. Full of meaning less unfair adds,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1250,Leticia Hammond,"January 5, 2023",I gave a 4 star only because I just started playing today and it's very entertaining I'm having fun challenge after challenge and I keep moving up the ladder so to speak! I recommend this game so download today!,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1251,SweetDee,"January 3, 2023",Feels like I've been playing this game since it came out I have it on all my devices. King keeps the levs interesting. And sooo many opportunities to win boosters.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1252,Mike R,"January 17, 2023","Did not receive the 80 minutes rewards as promised and they steal and waist over 35 minutes of my time. Note: after taking up a complaint now they only give half (40 minutes in text free app) the reward, uninstalling this app.",0,1,candy_crush
1253,Patricia Hawk,"January 6, 2023","I have lost all Ads to this game, very weird, it's great because I can play without interruptions in that aspect.",98 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1254,Nope Goss,"December 16, 2022",I understand that it's a game supposedly fun game. Why does my game 2306 look so different from others who play? I don't have the frog to help me out. There is no way to get to the next level. Is there a solution besides deleting and finding a new game? Can a Candy Crush guru help me out?,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1255,Derek Durbidge,"December 13, 2022",You are allowing an advert for a Board Game Touchscreen Table from a company called Leseeker at a cost of $50. This is almost certainly a scam as the true cost is nearer to $1000. You could be held responsible for allowing this advert and presumably taking a fee for hosting it.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1256,Faye Smith,"January 21, 2023",Helps keep my mind figuring out how to win each level.Plus I like it helps pass the time when I'm not busy and have time to play.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1257,Aj O'D,"December 21, 2022","So fun, can play for hours! No annoying ads, only those that you want to watch for additional pickups.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1258,Taiwo oyinkansola Elizabeth,"January 21, 2023",I love playing this game before But after this upgrading of a thing everything just change The hard levels are much than the normal levels The lives given to clear a level is not even satisfying The sound sef is not something to talk about And the vibration it's annoying,0,1,candy_crush
1259,Sree Rama Rao K,"December 24, 2022","Thrilling and mind blowing.At higher levels , our moves are to be wasted without targets appearing on the game board and levels could not be completed.Any how very interesting",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1260,Unknown,"December 26, 2022","Game focusing on clicking ads. They have reduced the amount of turns, so that you click on the ads to gain more turns, or simply pay.",0,1,candy_crush
1261,Mondo Zengele,"January 18, 2023",So challenging and make me want to play more. I'm loving the game. It would be nice to have the boogie man as previous. It really helped with the challenging one's,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1262,Naveen Balhara,"December 26, 2022","The creaters are so greedly inclined to sell their boostes that they let you stuck in one stage for hours. The eager you get to clear a stage the more the difficult it gets. I am uninstalling it for ever. My friends don't fall to their greed, you increase your bp.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1263,Nobody Knows,"January 22, 2023","Really relaxing and good for calming from stress. A few glitches occasionally, but overall a really good game.",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1264,Yamini Negi,"December 19, 2022","I paid for the rewards. Payment is successful but reward not received, this is most useless app it happened to me many times. candy crush receive payment but do not give reword to the user🤬🖕🏻",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1265,Lin Tony Kay,"December 31, 2022","Lot of fun but too much pressure to buy. When I can no longer win a round, no matter who long I try without buying I will just uninstalle the game and play something else",5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1266,Khadijah,"January 22, 2023","What an amazing game! So fun and really is something to play when you need to pass some time. Not to many adds and rewards everyday, really a fun game you I recommend",0,5,candy_crush
1267,Kelly Adams,"January 3, 2023",Too many excruciatingly difficult levels. Level 12930 impossible with only 22 moves. King does this more and more to force players to buy boosters. Would rather uninstall the game.,0,3,candy_crush
1268,Kefilwe Moketsi,"January 6, 2023","This game is now focusing on making money, you will get stuck in a level gor days without s booster or ad to atleast watch to get free moves. Its frustrating really.",2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1269,Mike Reynolds,"January 19, 2023","Definitely got myself addicted to this game. Its lots of everything. Ups downs, disappointment, hoorays, frustration, satisfaction. All of it! Thanksgiving and im taking a break to yep play candy crush",5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1270,Nicole Semple,"December 13, 2022","A lot of fun! Great game to kill time, I got hooked on it easily. 😊 Definitely download with Mistplay too, definitely recommend it.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1271,Kiri Baines,"January 17, 2023","Could only be improved by allowing ""special moves"" (ie: striped lollies to be activated consecutively, as opposed to concurrently).",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1272,Ze Tuan Lim,"January 7, 2023","Too many requirements. Limited moves. So just like everybody else, I feel bored with the game. And uninstall. This game feels dull after just 10 minutes.",0,1,candy_crush
1273,cassandra sawyer,"December 23, 2022",Its a fun game but some levels are extremely hard due to lack of moves given but the easy levels have a lot of moves.,0,4,candy_crush
1274,trixie baker,"December 31, 2022",I enjoyed this game more when there were fewer hard levels. I don't mind hard levels but just too many of them.,3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1275,Julie Davis,"January 3, 2023",WTH Can I only use 20 lives? That's the stupidest rule y'all have started. Other than that this is a time passing game. And 100% AGREE with ALL the new reviews. I've been playing this game for a long time also.,279 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1276,Brandi Younger,"January 10, 2023","Amazing game, many levels and they actually challenge you. Plus I make money while playing, can't beat that.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1277,Jeevith Ts,"January 8, 2023",1st it good. Later too hard to play for level. 1 level I am playing from 3 day it not complete. Waste of time . For that it ask too money if booster to be used .. wast of game so uninstall now,0,1,candy_crush
1278,Stephanie McMahon,"January 4, 2023",Fun game but I have gotten to the point where it is impossible to pass hard levels unless you use your gold bars. Takes the fun out of the game,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1279,Jason energyseeker,"December 27, 2022","Just money grabbing. Between every level and if you fail a level lies a hundred waves of you should buy this, others on this level brought this, have you considered purchasing these?",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1280,Ruby Greene,"December 31, 2022",ABSOLUTELY A ZERO DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP..This app totally does not work If get to the end of the candy box challenge and it does not give you anything it is alot of ads and no rewards I would give it a zero if I could,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1281,karupusamy s,"January 10, 2023",In a new version the bgm and effects of sounds doesn't suitable for old version. Poor background sounds disappointed.,0,4,candy_crush
1282,Parivash Dabbaghi,"January 20, 2023",Most ridiculous game. If you fail few times you are not allowed to play and be sure someone at first levels who is not addicted to game will uninstall it immediately! Who do the marketing strategy for you!?,0,2,candy_crush
1283,Noman Khan,"January 24, 2023",I suggest you don't install this game this is the waste of time and waste of mony $ i am also going to uninstall this useless game. Ones the level is stucked it take 5 or 6 days to complete. In hard level they don't give you boosters or anything.,0,1,candy_crush
1284,super g games,"December 15, 2022","Do not buy wrapped candy/colorful bomb timer as in this new ""challenges"" they won't let you use them but won't stop time either, but it ""won't effect your winning streak"". It's outrageous.",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1285,Nextgen2055,"January 5, 2023",Some higher levels are very difficult. To pass them i need extra booster those we get from ads. Now the ads dont show up. And pop up after one level we get is too much,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1286,Lynn Kelly,"January 11, 2023",I love playing candy crush but I hate that I can't receive lives for some reason and all you can get from what you saved is 20 a day and that you can't get much gold bars but I still play everyday not as long as I did but still play,3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1287,kathleen ober,"December 14, 2022",I love when the ads freeze and you have to dismiss the app to continue and lose the progress you made--NOT.,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1288,scott prince,"January 23, 2023","It's a very addictive game indeed! I love the fact that while you playing, the music soothes your soul and makes you really feel relaxed and lost in thoughts with the game. I'm no developer or Marketer.. Well done folks on the game!! Charl Prince South Africa_capetown :-)",8 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1289,Arvind Chaudhary,"December 16, 2022",Very bad game it just make you depressed and annoyed by showing advertisements never download it i am just finding a way to file a petition against tha disturbance created by its advertisements and they are really annoying me and making me depressed,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1290,Merly Tubat,"January 10, 2023",Its very fun to play and very fun to learn!! I love playing this after school and it twist my brain very much 💕 i recommend this app for people who like to play puzzles!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1291,Onyeabor Favour,"January 2, 2023",Candy crush saga is the only game I enjoy playing. But I suggest the game should start paying. Please is there any way I can convert the gold bars to a real money?,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1292,Rona Omedio,"January 22, 2023",If you go to higher level its imposible to win.. even using all the booster.. its just a waste of time.. got to uninstall it..,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1293,Jyothi Jaanu,"January 25, 2023","Nowadays m boring to play this game m not getting ads n not getting gold bars before I use to finish atlist 7 to 8 levels but nw, can't even finish singal level. M getting bored to play the game",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1294,Jack Xmen,"January 10, 2023",Why there is a limit for only 20 lives perday? There is no more lives from other even i've got more than 500+ friends who playing candy crush. So ridiculous. Also cannot spare lives like before. I already playing this game for over 10 years. And now this time for UNINSTALL. And hope this game will lost all the players..NO MORE CANDY CRUSH!!,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1295,Shiv Kumar,"December 22, 2022","Played it after years, and only i can say that it become worse, Very bad experience, this game force you to spend money and gives you stress.",0,1,candy_crush
1296,Gift Tajideen,"January 10, 2023",The game is good but sometimes when you play an add to receive extra moves it just doesn't work and you lose the level,0,4,candy_crush
1297,Dianne Bossy,"December 29, 2022",Yes this game I've been playing in over a year then I got tired of it just because of some of the level was very hard then this year I just decided to download it again good thing I'm still on the same level I was stop on,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1298,amina selhab,"December 17, 2022",It is a amazing game I'm going to keep playing candy crush for the rest of my life 😍.When ever I am stressed I play. It helps me a lot when I am feeling depressed and down. I hope to be able to beat 1000 before New Years Eve.,8 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1299,Kaber Ahmedali,"January 11, 2023",This game is cool but they changes a lot like when u start reaching a good crush the change all the puzzle of the game but I still love this game it contains a lot of hard levels but this make u think,0,4,candy_crush
1300,bertie van niekerk,"January 19, 2023","Awesome game, I am hooked on it. Can't stop playing. It makes time flies with the load shedding in South Africa that we experience every day for up to 12 hours",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1301,Carol Bono,"January 21, 2023",Very fun like all the different levels to play.. relaxing and exciting the game is also a wonderful way to test your brain.. !!!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1302,Anish kumar das,"January 16, 2023",It doesn't allow u to pass the level till u spend some money. I am really disappointed with this game. I am uninstalling the game right away.,0,1,candy_crush
1303,Muhammad Sarfraz,"December 22, 2022",Candy Crush is my favorite game and I have been playing it for the last seven years sometimes it gets slow but after updating it runs fine.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1304,Jessie Smith,"January 23, 2023",Good game could have more Opportunities to get xtra boosts and xtra lives would love game more if there were more ways to get gold then having to purchase..... game crashes unexpectedly,0,4,candy_crush
1305,Eric Martin,"January 1, 2023",Would be more fun if we could turn off the suggestions. The are distracting and annoying.,0,2,candy_crush
1306,Kimberly Catlin,"January 1, 2023","Fun, Fun, Fun! Makes the time go by faster and I like that they added free boosters for watching ads.still playing, still fun, fun, fun! Still playing the same game still having fun fun fun",15 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1307,Magella Remillard,"December 25, 2022",Not fun to play. Was my favourite game. Win boosters but they aren't there to use when you need them unless you use gold bars to redeem them or spend money to move ahead.,16 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1308,S K,"January 22, 2023","great experience, but request for shorter ads for boosters and don't show location based ads, like ads in regional language where one is traveling.",0,5,candy_crush
1309,James Stones,"January 20, 2023",Every time you try and trick me by putting the ads button in the centre where it normally says play without watching ads I shut the app down. I dont want ads and refuse to watch them,211 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1310,Tiphanie w,"January 8, 2023",Have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling in the last couple of weeks! I lose all of my stuff. Not cool! Jan 2023 crashed again.,0,2,candy_crush
1311,ALAIN L,"December 18, 2022","I like a lot, but 3 ads 30seconds!! Total 1 min 30 within continue!... Make money okay! But that it s stupid ... I m limit to stop this game!!!",0,2,candy_crush
1312,Walter -Finley,"January 9, 2023",Can be very stressful sometimes and I've wanted to smash my phone so many times because some levels are to hard but it's just to addictive to uninstall.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1313,Herbert Easley,"January 23, 2023",I changed my phone and I down loaded candy crush and I had to start all over again when I have over 1500 levels completed.you need to put levels back.,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1314,Fee Morris,"January 17, 2023","Why, when I YouTube hints and tips for passing a certain level, does it show me videos of that level having at least 15 more moves?? Impossible and unfair.",0,2,candy_crush
1315,Tammy Lemon,"January 15, 2023","It's addictive! Good way to pass time in the car, etc. I don't rate many apps...doing this to get the candies. Haha!!",0,4,candy_crush
1316,Dana Painter,"January 3, 2023",Levels are harder and they took away the ability to watch a video to get extra moves.,137 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1317,Wendy Bickley,"December 13, 2022","Good fun, the player soon develops strategies to win, then it becomes more difficult,! Definitely addictive.",7 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1318,Monoandrade Andrade,"February 20, 2023",Is good. The game just need to give some coins per each level. At least on up depending on the difficulty,0,5,candy_crush
1319,Wei Xiang Lim,"December 26, 2022","Just want to crush some candies. But they ruined it with all those ads, boosters and expect you to win hard levels within 10-15 moves. Time to move on to the next bejeweled",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1320,Alvin Keota,"December 22, 2022","I feel like this game tries to force you to purchase things, i can go on a roll to not even pass level 30, for ten times in a roll before i can even beat it....",0,1,candy_crush
1321,Krystal Mann,"December 24, 2022",I had to reinstall the game and lost all my progress! It was backed up and now I'm not on the same level as I was before. I was at level 2222 and now it's showing me at level 21,0,3,candy_crush
1322,Julia Dunn,"January 23, 2023","The game is a lot of fun for relaxing, but the really hard levels end up using up all of my boosters to finish them.",3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1323,Jacob Smith,"January 16, 2023","Little bit of the levels are somewhat harder than I expected, which makes a good challenge. I like it",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1324,Eunice Roberts,"January 3, 2023",Addicting and fun but sometimes it'd be great to have less challenge levels and more lives for those challenge levels .,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1325,Aliye Shojaei,"January 10, 2023","I'm at level 2763, the game is very enjoyable, but it's been a long time now that it doesn't reward me with gold bars after passing all ten levels, what's the reason?",0,3,candy_crush
1326,Hope Michael,"January 22, 2023",I once love this game but now is very annoying can can I be playing games without any issues it will just switch off itself and I will now lose all the chances I had honestly am not happy after now I will just installed it 👺👺 very annoying game,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1327,Nelson Hernadez,"January 21, 2023",I would request a new update with lives removed. And I want the settings button while you play the game to be replaced by a pause button.,0,3,candy_crush
1328,Laura Clegg,"December 18, 2022","Always come back to play this game. Takes me longer on some levels as dont want to pay for gold, special sweets etc.. But fun to play",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1329,Rumana Runa,"January 4, 2023","I have reached the level 12943 I m feeling happy when I playing this game, but now after new years day it's stopped contacting to the appstore. Please could you help me fix this. Thank you.",0,4,candy_crush
1330,Linda Schueller,"January 2, 2023","Fun intense gives you breaks so u don't play all day Love the xtra helps along the way, good explanations, cute story.Love this game. Don't start paying for stuff it adds up quick.6",33 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1331,Caden Penwell,"December 27, 2022",This game is very good if you are bored it will take years to beat so you can have fun playing it all the time and there is different versions of candy crush so if you beat this one you can play the others,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1332,Kristiina,"December 29, 2022",Installed this again after many years. There are now even more levels that you simply can't pass without buing something. Uninstalling.,0,2,candy_crush
1333,Davida Crymes,"January 14, 2023",I love playing this game. It challenges my mind and my eye skills to try and make as less moves as possible to win.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1334,C Hard,"January 22, 2023","Decent, but sometimes freezes when rewards are granted or levels completed. Then, you're granted nothing for it all",0,3,candy_crush
1335,Vanessa Cruz,"January 21, 2023","I'm enjoying the springtime event you've got going on even though the game is still in ""winter season"" mode. The orange candy rabbits are my favorite candy pieces.",0,5,candy_crush
1336,Gudiya Kumari,"December 25, 2022","Best game for me to spend my time.The most favourite character in the game according to me is TIFFI.The game is meant to be a stress buster and I love the colourful candies, challanges and the events are very interesting.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1337,Sukhdeep Kour,"January 18, 2023","This is the world worst game ever no one can pass it,it give stress very hard game please no one will download it if anybody has downloaded then delete it they gave gold to us as a race and then take it back as giving us lives or extra turns",0,1,candy_crush
1338,Jasmin Khatun,"January 6, 2023","A very nice game, I didn't like it at first, but the more levels I started to play, the more I liked it, I finished 3440 levels in 2 years. So I will give 5 stars😊",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1339,Tummalapalli Jayapaul,"January 21, 2023","Everything is gud but recently levels showing on bar isn't changing.. am in 7,400 level.. but it still shows am in 6000 level.. hope u fix it.",0,5,candy_crush
1340,Musiime Dianah Ruth,"January 3, 2023","This game used to be nice but not anymore. They give less moves on the super hard level yet theyvtake long to give other ♥s , it's getting bored . You need to improve",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1341,Sandra Lane,"January 11, 2023","When i play candy crush and I buy some gold bars, Let's say I buy 10 bars and I still have 2 and that gets me say 15 more turns to win.When I'm done I lose the rest.If I'm paying for it that just don't seem right for you to take back what i paid for.",0,3,candy_crush
1342,Silla Le Roux,"January 21, 2023","This used to be a fun game. I reinstalled it over 2 years, but now the levels are impossible! I'm considering uninstalling again!",0,2,candy_crush
1343,Karen Mcclain,"January 20, 2023",This game has too many hard levels. I will not use my credit card by anything on this game last time I did that they took money out of my card . I hate this dam game way too many dam hard levels 😡😡😡😡😡,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1344,Ursula Martin,"January 6, 2023",I love it that they let you pass level so easily and then you get to a level but you just can't pass until wham. all clear after about a week LOL,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1345,Kelly John,"January 19, 2023",You cheating canines why have fish in the game if they're not going to help like they're supposed to and at times it when you match things up to make a bomb or striped candy it doesn't give you one but that's so people have to spend more money to buy S,0,1,candy_crush
1346,Daeul,"December 13, 2022","why can i click next button after finishing a level, i have to close the apps and restarting the game everytime i beat a new level. can you do something please??",2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1347,Pravin Gaikwad,"January 6, 2023","It is my humble request that you please stop this irritating background music and bring back original music, which was way better than this.",0,1,candy_crush
1348,Melissa Croy,"December 25, 2022",Love this game. It sure does pass the time when your alone. I love that you get free lives or other insensitives when you pass certain levels.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1349,Grace Fretwell,"January 15, 2023","As a teen classic games seem boring but this game is just so addicting and I can share lives with my family when they play it, I recommend this game to anyone who doesn't know any fun games to play cause this is one of them",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1350,Dottie Fendt,"December 16, 2022",I think the app is very fun and it is very thinking like because you always have to think on each level and game. It is very fun so you should get it.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1351,Luis Perez,"December 30, 2022","Nice simple game. Gold system is horrible though, do wish there was Rewarding progression for free-to-play folks.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1352,Cheryl Tracy,"December 17, 2022",I'll tell you what I'm sick of you cheat. People have to use all their boosters. And you keep wanting people to social while playing a game. I don't socialize with people I cannot see that I do not know personally so when I play a game. Get the person option to hit the x to opt out on social. I play the game to play the game. So as for this person take your social and stick it where the sun doesn't shine.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1353,A Google user,"January 13, 2023","Think the developer made us addicted and making us purchase. Im least bothered..will delete and fo ahead with some other game. Warning guys.. Getting someone with 12k+ levels and forcing to purchase. 24 hours time given to you. Else, i will be the person to make atleast 1lakh players to delete the game",0,1,candy_crush
1354,mustapha lekan yusuf,"January 14, 2023","Best game ever... I have been playing for the past God knows when now, yet I can't stop playing... 8000 levels and still going. If u are having a difficult game, kindly restategise....",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1355,Foxrocks Insocks,"December 19, 2022","Great time waster! A ton of levels. Lots of power upgrades can be earned. Free piggy banks need to be larger, though.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1356,SONIYA WILSON,"January 16, 2023",The update version of the app is so vibrating. My phone is heating . I am a little bit concerned. I love this game and I don't want to uninstall it. So please fix the issue kindly.,0,4,candy_crush
1357,julia michael,"December 13, 2022",I've played this game for years on and off. It still a lot of fun and very addictive and the thing I love the most is NO irritating ads! 😉,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1358,i.MonaMi,"December 26, 2022","This game is either glitchy or cheating, seriously pay attention when shifting , it's still fun to play, but moves I'm making aren't doing what their supposed to do.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1359,Jonathan Mohlaphuli,"January 22, 2023",Guys download this game you won't be sorry evens though there are levels you'll struggle with but that's the whole point of playing the game it really challengers you and that's what keeps you stuck to it,37 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1360,Imtuaz shah,"January 22, 2023",This game is very nice and beautiful world round.this game needs more and more new things to give powers settings.this game should be made more difficult.and playing this game is a great time passes.this power of this game and I like it very well.this game is small example.we want to simplify it so that the player can play easily and enjoy this game.the player who plays this game should also be given some money.so that the player can also benefit from this game.and if this happens more peoples w,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1361,Kpakpo Addo,"January 20, 2023",Very entertaining and keeps one company thus; making it one of the best games for all ages. Words can't explain the experience of playing this game. Super-Fabulous,0,5,candy_crush
1362,Bree Illicevs,"January 2, 2023",Fun classic matching game.. some levels are too hard without boosters which get stuck behind a pay wall.,0,4,candy_crush
1363,Karen Lucus,"December 15, 2022",Need to bring back the ads so you can get free moves. Especially if you don't have gold bars.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1364,Esther Imbuchi,"December 29, 2022",Stuck on a level for more than a week.Another reason to uninstall 😡😡😡 Fantastic 5 is no longer available and boosters are useless.👎🏽,65 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1365,Courtney Thomas,"January 20, 2023",Prefer the classic version. Not sure why I'm not earning boosters...also not a fan of the music. Elevator music was never really thing lol,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1366,Manjeet Das,"January 10, 2023","Old sound effects are gone . The game doesn't give the old vibes , what have the developer done bring back the old sounds effect 😡👎😡👎",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1367,Missie Mo Jo,"January 23, 2023",They keep stealing my prizes. Everytime I win any challenge or get any type of power ups the games keeps them. Then give me nightmarishly hard boards in an attempt to force me to purchase within game. Why would I purchase anything when you're already cheating me for free🤔,0,2,candy_crush
1368,chinweoke37 keke,"December 31, 2022","After the recent update, the game freezes after each level which is very annoying.",0,1,candy_crush
1369,Carolyn Leonard,"December 17, 2022",Very fun to play. Can be challenging at times but I like that. Then sometimes it seems so easy. Idk just a fun game,6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1370,Kk Tyser,"January 9, 2023",The best game I've ever played so addicting but it's only giving me 2 gold bars and on level 40 and have almost gotten 3 stars on every level pls help with this issue,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1371,Marian Lunsford,"December 26, 2022",Enjoy . I like the way that they Continue to update all the Candy Crush games they have. Giving more people the opportunity to win and enjoy the game. It never gets old.,"4,539 people found this review helpful",5,candy_crush
1372,Angelita Cajucom,"January 24, 2023","Wonderful experience to wade through your maze of difficult levels. Im just wondering why lm still tagged at 5,000 when in fact i have already gone past the 7,000 mark. Also, why am i rated at 149 when in fact one of your players who is just over the 6,000 level is rated 185.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1373,Khandoker Asad,"January 12, 2023",Stuppeti activity not liked by all. Give previous Moods. Why you are reduce it's power. I was the best throw lulubox. at present my power is zero. & uninstalled the game. & not want to play again.,0,1,candy_crush
1374,KW,"September 10, 2022",25 game streak ruined! I was doing so good. In the middle of the game it just force closed. I tried to get back in and it kept closing. Finally was able to go back in and lost all that progress. Extremely disappointed and can't help but think that was done on purpose. Which is stupid. I spend money on this game. Definitely uninstalling if this is going to be your tactic.,122 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1375,Ishita Thakkar,"January 31, 2023","Wonderful game. Full of bright colours, sugar candies and fantastic music. Levels are challenging and fun to crack !!",0,5,candy_crush
1376,Mansoor Khan,"February 4, 2023",No rewards in this game i played 7000 levels and also less gold bars . and much expensive .. Gold bars divided on 100 person which is bad .. Also have time periods of 15 hours etc giving you 1 star,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1377,Jon Mag,"October 28, 2022","Could be fun but you need boosts, right away stuck on level 15 for a while. The candy is random so sometimes it's frustrating until you get a pattern that works. That could means many lives. Some levels basically don't let you win unless you spend money or set the game down for a day, when you come back you can magically win.",209 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1378,Bart,"January 8, 2023",This game only let me play a little at a time. Also if you quit a game when you come back you can't play for a certain amount of time. It punishes you for quitting a game.,0,2,candy_crush
1379,Mary Bradford,"September 9, 2022","This is a money hungry game 😂🎮. It constantly tries to force you into spending real money on this fake a__ game. Hard and super hard levels back to back, barely gives you a break with an easy level. What happened to the days of just being able to play a game. If you want players, then make the game fun and challenging but not annoying and greedy. It was fun while it lasted.",186 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1380,Kerry-Ann Bullock,"February 1, 2023",I love this game. I am on level 4306 and have not needed to buy anything 😁 The pop ups are a little annoying though...,24 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1381,Sachin Kaskar,"February 20, 2023",Pls start giving extra moves by showing ads let the show go no other way it is becoming boring by playing the same level for days pls fix the problem.,0,4,candy_crush
1382,Gary Brown,"January 8, 2023",If your idea of relaxation is being stuck on the same level for days at a time then this is the game for you. I've had more relaxing leg break injuries.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1383,Hritik Sahu,"February 11, 2023",I played this game since 4years but today i got cheated by them .i have complete 50levels without get loose but in level 1582they didnt give cherry to i pirchase my chance 3 times but it did not work . Its really disappointing .,0,2,candy_crush
1384,Marie James,"October 20, 2022","Still happening and Candy Crush has NOT fixed the issue!!!! It is annoying and makes me not want to play. After loosing on a level, a prompt comes up to purchase gold bars to continue the level lost but when I hit the X to take it away, nothing happens. I have to close out the game and re enter. Could you please fix your glitch",105 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1385,Sonya Reynolds,"December 4, 2022",Very addictive and fun. I just hate I had to start all over. Someone hacked into my facebook account so I lost all the progress I made over the years. My advice would be use your email to create an account to make sure your progress is saved always. Love this game...,31 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1386,Snazzy_ Alien,"January 9, 2023",It's a simple game to pass time and the music is nice almost relaxing. I play when I'm frustrated and it works like a charm,0,3,candy_crush
1387,Darci Agres,"December 22, 2022",I love the challenges. You have to know how they fall. And beat the level. Some are more challenging.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1388,Mike D (Cybrfked),"December 25, 2022",Has big black bars on top and button of screen after Android 13 update on Samsung Z Flip 3. Makes the playing screen too small. App is up to date.,0,2,candy_crush
1389,Lai Huang,"December 24, 2022","got stuck at 4903, I accomplished the mission but the fishes keeps flying to the control bar and can not count the final score.",0,1,candy_crush
1390,Demis D,"December 31, 2022",last updates make the game freezing for a sec. 31.12.2022 update once I win one level the game do not continue to next level Iust close the game and okpen again so I could play next level.,11 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1391,Elisha Martin,"December 8, 2022","Still addictive after playing all these years. But dang... The game forces you to buy the extras to be able to win, and they cost way to much! Obviously I would purchase them alot more often if the prices were more reasonable.",9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1392,RetroDragon0303 Music,"October 4, 2022","The reason I gave this game 4 stars: There are things in the game that need to be fixed. Firstly; the levels are very difficult and the tasks are also Difficult. For example, he wants me to order a total of 210, but I have no boosters, no gold bars. Secondly, the number of moves given in the levels is very small, bi gives about 15-20. I love the game itself very much, but I want all of this to be fixed",347 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1393,Riaz ur Rehman,"December 20, 2022",Always too difficult to clear levels without boosters and in app ads are worst and scams. Also these ads hang and freeze my Redmi Note 11. I have start hating this game now.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1394,Danny Martinez,"September 6, 2022","Great game keeps me playing for hours, at time the whole day. One thing is after I pass multiple levels it seems to screen freezes up and I can't go any further. Hopefully this is just a problem with my phone and not the game. If you're new to it you're going to get hooked, enjoy. It's still great!!!",132 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1395,Connie Jacobs,"February 6, 2023",Like the game but irritated with the updates installing other apps on my phone. Updated today then deleted 5 new games installed on my phone. Ridiculous!,0,3,candy_crush
1396,Bobbi,"January 11, 2023",Played for years but now can't get rewards. It says to open but it says come back for more rewards but you didn't get any to start with. Not happy,0,2,candy_crush
1397,Krishantha Moonsamy,"October 17, 2022","Not impressed that you are now forcing players to make in-app purchases. So if I'm unsuccessful in passing a level you present me with a purchase option for boosters, if I don't want to purchase closing the prompt doesn't work. I have to close the entire game and open the App again to play. The entire gaming experience is being annoying with so many purchase prompts",55 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1398,Lucas McKay,"January 15, 2023","Fun but sometimes quite hard... One of its slogans is swipe the stress away but you can get stressed playing it, around good game though",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1399,Parnian Pari,"January 28, 2023",At first I love this game but now I really heat it its not moving my all candy's are finished but no result u should make some changes like candy crush friends.....I really want to delete it.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1400,Donald Van Steenwyk,"February 13, 2023","This was a fun way to kill time until recently. In the last few months the game has been incredibly unstable and crashed in the middle of levels, causing me to lose streaks and bonuses. It pushes so many things in your face at once that the game often freezes trying to catch up with itself, even on a s22 ultra. It can soft-lock when menu-screens overlap each other too. Now it has finally randomly deleted my King account, causing me to lose all progress that I had previously been able to gain.",0,1,candy_crush
1401,Joseyann Campbell,"December 11, 2022","I enjoyed playing Candy Chrush Saga. It helps me to relax after a hard day at work. Winning a level feels very rewarding, however sometimes I feel like I have been helped to win a game or I have been cheated out in Winning. I do enjoy the boosters and the fact that I can share lives without losing any of mine. I also enjoyed competing in Winning a game and a level because of the sweet rewards at the end.",68 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1402,Gin Pegs,"October 26, 2022","I change my opinion on this game. I am high up in the levels I've been playing for quite some time now and I just recently updated the game like it asked me to and ever since I have updated it it's so much worse if I lose the level I don't get any extra moves for watching ads anymore, the levels are so extremely difficult to win. I will keep playing for a little while longer but if it doesn't get any better I'm uninstalling it and that's a shame too cuz I did really like this game.",460 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1403,Raghavendran Varadarajan,"February 21, 2023",Please add some additional moves in some levels using Spin Wheel. Add an option to save some additional moves and use it like Boosters to complete some tough levels,10 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1404,Erin Lacey,"October 15, 2022","I have enjoyed zoning out to this game for quite a while now but lately there's always something off. I find myself looking to see if it's just me or others as well and clearly from the reviews its a common occurrence. This last update is terrible, game freezes at the offered booster screen and you have to leave the game all together. Moves that are""taken""away when they are clearly there is so frustrating.",170 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1405,Peter Mc,"February 3, 2023",Getting board with all the windows popping up telling me all the amount of colours/stars inbetween each level. If I'm interested ill search,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1406,Tshepiso Monesa,"January 17, 2023",It's a great game just kinda challenging but I'm always up for a challenge. If you love challenges then this is the game for you.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1407,peanuts are delicious,"February 4, 2023","This is a fun app! Relaxing and very enjoyable! Try it, ""it's great""😍 and when you continue to play, the fun is overwhelming!!!👏",0,5,candy_crush
1408,Paula Foote,"January 14, 2023",Just like every game it lets you win at first and then it lets you lose when 1 move you would have cleared the board! The game says to unwind & chill when in fact all it does is makes you tense & mad!,0,1,candy_crush
1409,Lusekelo Njapau,"February 15, 2023","Among all games that I have ever played before, candy is my favorite and it's the best game ever one can use to wipe away the stress",0,5,candy_crush
1410,Angella Hoffman,"January 16, 2023","Super fun, no glitches, and best of all NO ADS, unless you want them to earn special options.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1411,u watote589,"February 12, 2023",Now I am playing stage 4257 before this game play so good but now they are looking for money only becauseIad play this stage for over hundred times and not yet pass only asking for buy diamonds.,0,1,candy_crush
1412,Anupam Bansal,"January 6, 2023","My facebook account was linked with Candy crush application but it got uninstalled. When I reinstalled the application and logged in with Facebook, my progress was lost.",0,1,candy_crush
1413,Kristy Ezell,"December 30, 2022",Glitch in the game. Spent money for unlimited no matter how many times I clear the board it says 3 chocolates remaining. It's annoying!,0,1,candy_crush
1414,Mitzi Candelas,"February 17, 2023",I really like this game. I do think there is just a bit too much competition when sometimes I just want to play without feeling like I have to be competitive.,0,3,candy_crush
1415,Asogwa Mmesoma,"December 26, 2022",good app. But it doesn't have ads as in the new update. Can u pls put ads back so that we can win levels? Not many ppl have gold bars lying around,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1416,SAMUEL NAMUNDI,"December 30, 2022",It is very good. Its not boring it's very relaxing. It has NO ads even if the mobile data is on.and it is very cool.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1417,Maame Essien,"December 29, 2022",It's soon fun t play but the number of levels are insane so tell me how many level there are I think there are about 9999 levels soon I am 9 so i might finish 8t when iam like 15-30 So the game is really good so keep it up,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1418,saturngrad 8,"January 24, 2023",Candy crush ads that interrupt other games are SUPER annoying YOUR GAME SUCKS. Then you make it impossible to X OUT & force us to go to the play store. Your game is a A NO SKILL waste of time !,27 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1419,Jerry Cox,"January 9, 2023",I completed level 177 twice and it still doesn't let me win not doing this anymore like the game but if I can't win even when I win want nothing to do with it fix your s***,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1420,Anthony “T.C.” Chudocken,"February 8, 2023",I'm on 2 hundred and sum the games are addictive and challenging. This game has kept me coming back for more.,0,5,candy_crush
1421,Lisa H,"December 19, 2022",Always shutting down everytime I am about to win or get my boosters. I love playing this game but have no problem changing to another.,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1422,kirstie gill,"December 10, 2022",Game is great but keep getting adverts that you can't close down and thus have to come out of the game and lose the reward. Happening more and more often and is putting me off playing the game.,8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1423,Erick Castellanos,"December 14, 2022","Every time I pass a level it won't let me go to the next one without having to close the app, it stucks, can you check into that, please!",0,1,candy_crush
1424,Kathie Ferrier,"October 23, 2022",I'm having the same problem as others. If I lose a round I can't close the offer and continue playing. I have to close the entire app and restart the game. Super annoying! I'm not going to uninstall the app and reinstall because I've been playing for years and do not want to lose my boosters or progress as others have. I might just give up the game entirely. I would not recommend downloading until this is fixed.,37 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1425,Faisal Amin,"January 27, 2023","It was fun when I first started 4 years ago. Over time, in a rush to add new features, game got buggy and game play experience got worse. Over the last year, it seems King has prioritized monetization, adding to an excruciating frustrating game play experience. Pay, and you'll pass the level, don't pay, and you could be playing the same level for weeks. Time to uninstall and move on to something better.",0,2,candy_crush
1426,Chef Kozi,"February 1, 2023",This is rly fun :) I play it with mistolay but even without mistplay I'd play it. It gets rid of my headaches and let's me take my mind off stressful things. Love this game.,0,5,candy_crush
1427,Sandra Mills,"September 24, 2022","At first, player friendly & fun. Eventually the ad offers for boosters & extra moves STOP. They do not even offer them after you fail a level 20 times. I paid .99 for a good deal on 1 day of boosters & also paid the 2.99 to gain use of the piggy bank of gold bars I had earned, (which I should not have to buy, btw) & the ad offers stopped and the difficulty seemed to increase, so I quickly used my bars. Now I am on a level which is unbeatable, even w/free daily boosters. Impossible AGAIN!","1,029 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
1428,scσrpíσn,"February 19, 2023",When there is 1 move away from completing the level suddenly they stop the ads for moves.,0,1,candy_crush
1429,Dominick Charles,"February 14, 2023","Fun, just wish I had more lives and more chances to get items to use....with out having to pay.",0,5,candy_crush
1430,Aima Azhar,"December 31, 2022",This is a very good game and the most amazing thing we can play it offline my whole family is playing this game but there is something bad that once you start playing it you can not leave it,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1431,me6412,"January 18, 2023","Too many pop up add's connected to the game, even after you install ad blocker Play Store still allowed the Pop up adds to appear in your game causing your game to show these ads over your screen covering your game be aware !",85 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1432,Clairex,"November 6, 2022","Have played Candy Crush on & off over the past 10 years. The levels themselves are still as enjoyable/irritatingly annoying (when you're struggling to pass) What I will say though, and my reason for 3 stars instead of 5 is the fact that there are far too many pop ups after you fail/pass a level. It's actually quite ridiculous to be honest. Sometimes when a level ends, I just want to go from the 'map' to the 'events' section with no drama but instead time is wasted crossing off a million pop ups.",374 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1433,Jackie Schutz,"October 18, 2022","There's a glitch when I fail a level. I can't exit from the window trying to sell me stuff to pass the level. I have to close out and come back in which is very annoying. I'm on level 1006 and unsure if it's just this level or all ""super hard levels"" because I can't pass it. Please fix.",35 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1434,Preston Daniels,"October 22, 2022","Rally love this game. Can deal, even the constant pop up ads. Currently I'm stuck on level 547, that I can't see to get by. It seems impossible, just really know, how can I get pass it. Even a hint with help. Really considering deleting this game, is I had to start over, then I will face the obstacle, again.",50 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1435,A B,"September 28, 2022","This is better than the Candy Crush I played years ago Like so many other things too many ads. ***Sadly need to downgrade review. Started off well but noticing deliberate manipulation of the results of the game. Premature explosions of color bombs, wrapped& striped to prevent U winning a game. Downgrading races so U only win 10 gold bars instead of 40 when U complete a level, levels where a party booster is only way to win& everything is designed to drive you to BUY boosters. I got bills 2 pay!!",122 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1436,jacqualine McKinnon,"November 11, 2022",Have loved this game for years and have recently really liked the idea of being able to watch adds to get boosters if needed but now there's an add that crashes the game and I have to exit the app and force close it to play again. Seriously frustrating when you're 1 move away from beating a hard level and you get the option to watch an add to get more moves but it just crashes.,78 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1437,Weston Shimamoto,"September 10, 2022","Super upset with the most recent change to limit bonus lives to 20 per day. I don't play all the time but will play in large spurts that typically ends with me spending some money to beat a level I've been stuck on. Now I get 20 tries per day even when i have 100+ extra lives. This means I never hit that ""one more move to win"" and therefore will not end up spending money anymore. Bad business decision IMO",63 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1438,Cami “G'ma-memaw” James,"November 20, 2022","Update: it appears that we are back to the way it was. Still can buy extra lives, boosters etc but they definitely help with the giving!!! I stopped playing after this review in 21. But I heard it had become enjoyable again and it has!! Thank you. 2021 review...has changed so much from when it first came out. You used to get so many boosters and people would send you lives or you would get free lives for hours. It","1,394 people found this review helpful",5,candy_crush
1439,Yaser Aziz,"November 20, 2022",I know remember why I deleted this game years ago. Some levels are so hard that you have to use power ups to even have a chance of completing the level. Once you power's are depleted then you can spend real money to buy a few more. No one can force you to pay. But it soon becomes frustrating than fun. Now uninstalling again.,24 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1440,Chasity Cole,"November 14, 2022","Why change the sound effects after so many years!? That's one of the main reasons I play is bc I like the sounds. Now it sounds like the newer candy games which I don't like bc they're not like the original, now the original is ruined. I didn't mind the levels being a bit harder, but I notice when the game intentionally gives a bad board so that I'll waste all my lives and buy a booster. I've spent money on this game before and this is the most disappointed I've ever been with it. Shame 😒",38 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1441,Stephanie Gritton,"November 1, 2022","Love this game but gets old quickly. Instead of always wanting you to purchase boosters, they should go back to letting you watch video clips for them. Every time they have something enjoyable, they take it away or mess with it. The candy Royale used to reset every 30 minutes if you didn't get through, now it's 24 hours. They had the fab 5 or whatever it was called where you had a team of 5 that could get points and get rewards, they took that away. The game is all about people spending money 😡",889 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1442,Ami Ogilvie,"October 4, 2022","I need help and can't get it!! I'm new to this game and need help with what the boosters do. I try to sign up for the community and the form has a glitch. I go to the help page and fill the whole request out and there's 2 drop down menus that won't drop down so I can't get help. Not playing anymore, this is ridiculous! Also, this is the biggest money grab game I have ever played! My reward for passing levels is the chance to spend money. Wow, thanks for that! 😡😡",195 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1443,KIM BROWN,"November 15, 2022","I am enjoying the challenges, always changing. The graphics are bright and the explosive effects make it feel quite rewarding. All in all , fun. 5 stars I will award when the game no longer leads or prompts your moves. Thanks for the challenges!!!!!",31 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1444,Shaik Sameer,"October 21, 2022","Poping ads is fine, but ads doesn't go away even after clicking the close option in it. I should kill the whole app and start it up all over again, frankly it's pissing me off. If it doesn't gets fixed i might delete the app and delete my saved game. I'm sure it doesn't mean anything to you, but does say alot about your character and upbringing. I'm sure I crossed a line or stepped on a nerve over there, but I think it's the only way that you would consider this as priority.",473 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1445,Fallon Rivera,"October 16, 2022","This game was fun up until yesterday, there is a glitch that when you lose a level a pop up comes up to buy something and when you click the X it doesn't go away no matter how many time you hit it, forcing you to close the app and reopen just to play 1 level and it repeats the same process. Fix the glitch",24 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1446,Jess Raspberry,"September 29, 2022","Always love this game. But the ""Candy Royal"" needs to go! I'm always accidentally tapping on it when I'm just trying to get to my current level to play. Most of the time ""candy royal"" is not very useful to me as I don't have much luck beating several levels in a row unless I get super lucky.. so that's my opinion. Everything else about the game is great..",99 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1447,Lee Clark,"September 28, 2022","Been playing this for years - level 8000, it is going downhill though too many adds now and not enough boosters, Fantastic five has just been removed this is a real backwards step, the developers claimed this was to make server space for more games but in reality its space for more adds, I played Fantastic five with other players from all over the world, complete strangers joining together for a common goal and I like that. Playing Candy Crush less and less now greed is spoiling the game.",28 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1448,Di Lloyd,"October 11, 2022","Wow so many bad reviews... don't bother downloading unless you like to spend a lot of money and get virtually nothing in return. The levels are designed to fail so many times, (bonuses dont help) that it just becomes a boring, frustrating waste of time. Playing the same level for days and still getting nowhere is not enjoyable. There are other much better and much more customer friendly games available on playstore than this cash greedy game.",190 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1449,Rhonda Patterson,"November 14, 2022","You need to fix the glitches in the game. Pop up ads drop out and you have to go right out of the game. When you go back in you have lost your boosters or if the ad glitches at the start of the game you've lost that life. Please fix it, its not fun to play anymore very frustrating. I will delete the game if it keeps happening.",265 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1450,Erica Schwarz,"September 9, 2022","This game is fun for a while, but then gets so you have hard levels that you cannot win without either spending money or playing forever until the game finally lets you pass. The most frustrating is when you ALMOST win and just need ONE more move, and the game flashes you an ad to spend money to get there. Happens All The Time.",112 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1451,Stellamaris Francess,"November 17, 2022","Frustrating and annoying! The purpose of a game is to provide fun. This game has become frustrating as hard levels are almost lined up. One can hardly pass 3 hard levels without needing to buy boosters or be stuck. I already burn data playing online to enjoy the game and I cannot afford to buy the boosters since 2.2$ is a lot in some currencies. Also the pumpkin climb disappears at times, and the last stage of the chocolate deluxe is almost difficult to complete given the time.",234 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1452,Farrahaida Rauf,"October 4, 2022",No more options to get extra moves or boosters. Being stuck on the same level for several days now and seems impossible to level up with no booster. Everything need to pay. That's the only option to level up. It's not fun anymore and you gave me a reason to finally uninstall this game 😆👍,24 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1453,Mao,"September 23, 2022",It's getting to the point where you have to pay to buy boosters or unlimited life just to pass a level. Otherwise you spend a good few days wasting your loves until you get super lucky to beat the level. Which at that point you're just wasting your time. This game isn't what it used to be anymore.,40 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1454,John V,"October 18, 2022","Since the most recent update, I am on board 12326, every time a video goes to play I get a black screen and I have to close out of the app and restart. I have been playing for years and this is so frustrating it makes me want to delete it. I'll stop playing and check in from time to time to see if this glitch has been fixed. So frustrating.",31 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1455,Brady Rogers,"September 28, 2022","This game is often fun, but the developers have clearly shifted from optimizing for fun to optimizing for profit. The in-app purchase offers and special ""events"" are constant, and they're not subtle about designing luck-based levels in the hope of frustrating you into spending more money. All in all, the game feels so meticulously crafted that you wish they'd just outright ask you for money instead of trying to manipulate you. What happened to just making games for people to enjoy?",25 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1456,Laura Ellison,"September 11, 2022","I've been playing this for a few years. They allowed players to add friends to send lives to each other and challenge each other in hard challenges. Just recently they have decided to limit the amount of lives you can have and also limit you to using only 20 a day. This game was bad enough with watching all the videos to receive rewards, but I'm not sure I want to play anymore. They need to stop with the limits and all the ads you have to watch!",56 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1457,Yahminah Ain,"February 21, 2023","Still having So much Fun!! I love how fun it is to go level after level even if I have to try a level again and again, lol. And the way it is set up, it is easy for me to take a break if I lose all my lives because I get automatic lives without having to pay. What else? I just love how colorful it is and how automated it is, making wins easier even with less skills! Thank you!!",268 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1458,Kelly M,"October 23, 2022","I'm having the same issue as Meredith. After every level the ""Try Again"" page pops up and won't close. So I have to close out of the game and start again. When I email support regarding this issue, the only response I receive is to read the candy crush forum for suggestions. Also, like someone else mentioned, the levels are supposed to be beatable, but I've been on my current level for at least a week and am having no luck.",12 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1459,Ben Berron,"September 27, 2022","When it comes to harder levels, I'm spending gold bars as fast as I earn them. Plus, I'm having to buy more gold bars to get further. Already spending WAY more than I want, and I've had enough. Level 335 and not gonna spend more to go higher. Think it would be easier to just delete the game. It's just a money pit!",69 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1460,Alicia Marchant,"October 31, 2022",The game use to be fun when you were given more moves per level but now its gotten too hard. 10 moves for a hard level. Its taken the fun out of playing the game and I'm not wasting money on an app to get more boosters. I'm uninstalling since it seems y'all don't care about complaints made about the game and maybe giving more reasonable moves per level. I guess that was too much to ask for.,46 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1461,Pam IsAwesome,"September 6, 2022","Not feeling the multiple changes with the cap on how many lives you can use per day. I also noticed that your system is program less moves on the boards to take which either resort to buying extra helper items to get pass the board. Or whenever the developers feel at sometimes to add extra moves. But wait, you have to pay for that too. This game is definitely a cash cow. Maybe that cap on lives you installed today will save folk some money I guess.",38 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1462,Yuvaraja K,"October 20, 2022","I am in level 12732. The easy level which they mentioned make us very irritating many times due to this gaming control options. Example level mainly 12603, 12250, 12244. So my rating again goes to 1. and also easy levels like 11505, 11581, 12032, 12036 and etc.. Jelly fish totally waste. It never hit the required target most of the levels. Ex:- 10477, 12118 and etc.. Still now I uninstalled and reinstalled this game more than 3000 times. So that I can win in fresh mode.","24,596 people found this review helpful",2,candy_crush
1463,Mayor Dewey,"October 22, 2022","Love the game, been playing for years! Hate the most recent update, the level goals are unreadable, I can not make out what the goal is and it makes it difficult to beat a level when you don't know what the goal is. Am I supposed to collect 3 cherries or 3 striped candies? I can't tell, hate the new update. Might have to stop playing until the next update and hope it's fixed or changed back",20 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1464,TAWANIA STANFORD,"October 20, 2022","I'm on level 3184 and everytime the timer runs out, a popup screen appears and says pay to get extra reward, I was always been able to X out of the screen. Now the screen freezes and the X symbol doesn't work, and I have to go all the way out of the game, then go back in to play the next life I've never had this problem before and it's been happening for a week now",25 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1465,Chelsea Wiersma,"October 20, 2022","Recently re-download the game. On a difficult level and after I lose I get a pop-up for a $2.99 power up package. Won't let me exit out of the ad without fully restarting the app. EDIT: I took it down to 1 star. Despite this typically being a fun way to pass the time, Candy Crush has become money hungry and absolutely desperate. The issue I stated above was fixed after reinstalling the game but persisted pretty much the next day. I will not be reinstalling this game. DO NOT INSTALL",27 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1466,Kay Fish,"October 26, 2022","Everything is wrong with this game. Developers are too money concious. Ripping through the game. It freezes & almost crashed my phone just becuause of their selfish interest. When you win a level, it'll freeze & you'll have to play it more times. Also, when you take on and win the challenge, the 500 gold bars you win will be shared amongs 25 other players! Why??? Why the he!!??? Its crazy because I dont ever get to receive my own share of gold bars when some other player(s) win ir challange(s).",74 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1467,JerseyETR,"November 11, 2022","This game is created to be extremely frustrating so you spend money to beat a level. I know somebody in my area (my boss) who has every level beat and waits for every Wednesday to get new levels. He has stated several times, THERE IS NO WAY TO GET THIS HIGH IN LEVELS UNLESS YOU HAVE BEEN SPENDING A LOT OF MONEY. King even sends him toys in the mail. Not bc of how much they like him, but bc how much they like him spending money. And a lot of it. Stop making levels so hard just to get more $",909 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1468,Papiya Dawn,"November 7, 2022","This game has become weird lately. Now you can't redeem more than 20 received life. I just used 10 gold bar and passed the level with just two extra moves. Then the gold bars are gone but level is showing unchanged. Demotivating. Also ads ads ads popping up. And Events are not opening in game, everytime I am closing the game to open event option. Game developer changed certainly.",405 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1469,Jenn Davis,"November 3, 2022","The games keeps freezing , and it's especially annoying when you purchase gold to complete a level and it freezes. So now I bought the gold and still have to replay the level. This last month or so the freezing has gotten worse. I've been playing for a long time I'm in the 4000's level. Please fix",27 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1470,Natalie Strange,"September 28, 2022","Purposely designed to extract money with highly limited gameplay. It's very glitchy yet when you get in contact with them to resolve issues such as lost, falsely charged or unfulfilled in-game purchases, they say there's ""nothing they can do"". They can very easily take cash from your account though, they just really struggle with putting it back. They're actual thieves. And I actually cannot stress enough how awful their customer service is - by far the worst I've ever dealt with.",26 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1471,Nikki Peoples,"November 1, 2022","Experiencing the exact same issues as AK K from 10/25. Can't exit out of the screen but I can damn sure attempt to make a purchase for $2.99. Who wants to have to restart an app every time they play? And why does the ""so and so wants to be your friend"" pop up STAY on the screen so long without being able to ""x"" it off? Hopefully these developers take note and get these issues fixed.",21 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1472,Ruff Aidil,"September 10, 2022",S candycrush having problems..??it keeps resetting my progress..i have leveled up a few level but this game keep resetting..it's a waste of boosters and gold i have used to level up.. The new feature limited the lives usage..why??it doesn't make any sense..and i agree with one of the critic comment..it took hours for lives to be full..this game suppose to be a stress release..,34 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1473,Vasu Shashtri,"November 22, 2022",It's been a horrible experience playing this game. The levels have been made so tough that to cross even a otherwise easy level you end up spending more than 30-40 lives. One is forced to spend and buy gold bars to clear the levels. The fun thing is gone from candy crush. I am already thinking of deleting the game altogether.,519 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1474,Anil Jadhav,"October 27, 2022",The game is meant to be stress buster however upon reaching to higher level the game itself becomes the reason for stress. The number of moves are reduced and the level is made harder so that you have to watch adds to gain moves or other rewards to clear the stage. And to surprise you'll still not be able to clear the stage that easily. It's a gimmick to keep the user engaged in the game. It has become worse over the time.,676 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1475,Tish Hicks,"September 15, 2022","I play this game faithfully but you have to spend money to advance. Also it will get stuck like currently, I am trying g to purchase gold bars to complete this round. THIS GAME IS STUCK(as it often does) DURING THE PURCHASE and the only way to get unstuck, I will have to power my phone off causing me to restart the game. I am going to find another game to play that does not require spending money. This absolutely the last week that I will make purchases and I will no longer compete to win.",63 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1476,Joshua Fapuro,"September 19, 2022","It's a very wonderful game to play and I will experience all the scenarios, the levels and solving strategic candy puzzles. It will give me more time to relax and unwind! Also, the game gives me free boosters and more rewards so that I can crush every level of this game.",168 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1477,Chelsea Gallagher,"November 10, 2022","I've restarted this game several times (new phones every 2 years or so) and each time I've seen the game become more and more money hungry. There are many levels that are not possible to beat without spending cash on extras (at least not within reason). We're talking at least one every other level/section and sometimes more. This is the perfect game to relax with and excellent for mental health breaks, but as one of the most popular games in the world it seems greedy to sell out like this.",308 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1478,Lauren Smith,"September 9, 2022",Definitely rigged to get you to spend $$$. I'm stuck on a level where all the tips and tricks online start with 22 moves. I only get 16. It is impossible to complete this level in 16 moves I'm clearly being set up to purchase to get more moves. Disgraceful tactics. I had some fun after reinstalling this game but I've come to realise why I uninstalled it previously.,130 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1479,Aparna Bhattacharya,"September 25, 2022","So many glitches, frequently since a couple of months. Does not receive the rewards properly. 4/5 times I've received lesser rewards during the game that I won on the event. Ex: I received multicolor candy and fish popper for 30 mins each but when I collected the reward and started playing, the multicolor candy is not updated. Plus the issue of game getting hanged and forced to move ahead without adding the rewards. I used to love this game but now it frustrates me.",137 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1480,Elaine C. Sarlo,"November 13, 2022","Ads are all but intolerable, used to be the perfect game for audio books-- the ads paused the book for a few seconds, and then you could get back to the book. Now minutes long and the book stops. Been playing for years. Bummed.",19 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1481,Pamela Jones,"October 23, 2022","I'm on level 3838. I've played this level probably around 60-70 times,or even more. The candies don't perform as they are supposed to and although I know your objective is to make money, when you offer a free game, it should be playable. You've made getting boosters nearly impossible unless you buy them. I don't spend any money on this game and it's a good thing because after the last update, the screen freezes after the million ads you have to watch. It used to be fun. Now it isn't.",19 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1482,Lab Sann,"November 15, 2022","There are a lot more hard, super hard and nightmarishly hard levels now. Too much in my opinion, it is sometimes almost impossible to progress. Even with boosters you buy or have on hand, the levels are not possible to complete.",18 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1483,Dj S.,"October 13, 2022","I used to like this game. Something changed. It's bad enough that they are not even trying to hide the failures of their algorithm. When you get trapped at the top of the level only allowed to move pcs there you can't win. When you have a good streak going, it tosses an algorithm that sets you up to fail. I would be ok with it Iif I was losing due to my own skill, or lack there of. Oh, and they'll take your gold from time to time. If you paid for it or not, it's gone. Do better...",8 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1484,wanda cochrane,"October 14, 2022","After an update I cannot get the game to move past a screen that wants me to purchase boosters. I cannot access the exit button, only the purchase button. Been playing this for years it seems to be less fun then it was. Adds, buy, buy, buy, and no longer can play with friends.",8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1485,Shalin Patel,"October 24, 2022","Screen has randomly started to freeze for the past could of weeks. It always freezes on a particular pop up, it will let me click on to purchase powerups but when click on the x mark to close out the pop-up, it doesn't do anything. The pop-up just stays there until I restart the app again.",35 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1486,Melissa Bucheit,"September 22, 2022",I've been playing this for years (off and on) and am currently on level 450. It is VERY difficult to pass a level on the first try anymore and therefore impossible to get the benefits of a streak. I'm also not getting the daily booster wheel prize anymore which makes the game even more sucky with the harder levels. If they don't fix the booster wheel prizes not showing up I'm going to have to say goodbye to the game. Its become pay to win,40 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1487,Lightsttn1 A,"September 28, 2022","My last review still stands, but the worst thing about this whole things about these is both your game is tooooooo expensive to play, and the fact that if it wasn't soooooo expensive I most likely would be playing it often. With the exception of the ACCESSIBILITY ISSUES I have complained about on more than one occasion. All of your games are designed with the same thing in mind. To be expensive, and still fun to play if you can afford to play them.",20 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1488,Johanna Elena,"October 24, 2022",Fix the bugs please. Since the last update it keeps freezing on purchase display after a failed level. Really bad for the last couple of weeks. Don't understand why such a fun game became a nightmare to play since the latest update. Keeps crashing and freezes after one minute of playing.,25 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1489,Antonia Ihekwoaba,"September 12, 2022","It's a very nice good especially when you have to race with others to get the gold bar, but it is not fun when you have to defeat a super hard level and it is annoying when you don't have enough move, but I still love the game, I deleted every other game in my phone but I don't have the mindset to delete candy crush, so I advise you, instead of deleting candy crush download it and you will enjoy it thank you, but how I wish they pay😁😁😁",65 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1490,Michelle Zavala,"September 28, 2022","Been playing for 5+ years. Honestly, ready to give up. It shouldn't take days to pass a level. When you do pass it, the next level also takes days. Cap on extra lives you can use, don't see the point. Frustrated because this was my favorite game. On to new adventures.",25 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1491,Mango,"October 28, 2022",I don't know how this game can have the catchphrase swipe the stress away and then just have never ending hard super hard ultra hard levels not even 100 levels in. I use this to help with my stress from my PTSD and it feels like greed for money has once again ruined something that helped me feel better. It's also not fun when it's clear the algorithm in these so called hard levels are just rigged. That plus the many pop ups to click through just ruins the game. Disappointing.,57 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1492,M D B,"October 22, 2022","Nothing but a cash grab. I enjoyed playing the game until later on in the game the levels are absolutely impossible to beat unless you use boosters and even then, it is not that helpful. The constant bombardment of pop us wanting me to buy boosters with real money make it obvious that it's all about the money. You cannot enjoy this game unless you are willing to constantly pour money into it. A game such as this is not worth spending money on. Such a disappointment.",21 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1493,Sharlene,"October 14, 2022","I use to love to play this game and it was relaxing, but it has changed so much that's not the same. You can only buy and save a few tools/boosters at the time. You're only can buy 20 at a time. Unable to use but 20 lives a day, must wait til to the next day. The only real way to pass levels is to buy boosters. If you have free timed boosters the game becomes harder. Free lives aren't transferred to envelope when you have 5 lives already. Can't see screen @ end to see if should buy tools.",194 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1494,Steven TRENT,"November 18, 2022","If you don't like ads, you'd better move on. This game will let you play without ads for a while. But once you get farther into it, you will be watching more ads than every game on here put together. If you don't, you will not clear the board. Ads can't be skipped after a few seconds either, 3 full ads in a row, over and over. Or you can spend a lot of money. 10% game, 90% ads. If you are lucky. Play a while, then delete.",22 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1495,Akash Rana,"October 23, 2022",I been playing this game for more then 5 years now. But since last update the app is Been lagging too much and it get hang alot after you win game when it moves to next round. Very irritating to close app and restart after every win. Can the team help to fix the issue here 🙏🏻. Help would really appreciate thank you.,34 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1496,Diane Hein,"September 24, 2022","This used to be a really fun game. Always challenging and I expected to pay for boosters. However, now that I'm in the level 4000's I would have to spend a ridiculous amount of money to pass levels. There are many other match 3 games out there that don't drain your wallet and offer unlimited lives.",29 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1497,J W,"November 22, 2022",Game levels are often literally impossible to win without boosters or pure luck. You'll often only have single possible moves available to the point of constant reshuffling & then you run out of moves. Can usually tell within a couple moves that you simply won't be able to win. No longer fun.,21 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1498,David Gray,"November 20, 2022","**maybe consider changing after passing a stage, you given 5 lives? If I have 4, it doesn't benefit me. But, if you ADD the 5 to MY 4, that would work!! Oh, and let players opt-in or out of the race challenges. Unable to watch videos to gain extra moves. There is an indication of ""video not available"" AFTER the video has played. Also, when ""leveling up"" with 5 lives, if I already have 3, my total should be 8. Change the algorithm so players are not cheated out of lives.",47 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1499,Sakinah Kehinde,"October 25, 2022","It's been fun playing this game for ages, I updated the game after being instructed to do so yesternight, since then, it's been lagging. After winning a level the screen would just hang and not respond to any action except one close the app and relaunch the game. Frankly, it's frustrating!",26 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1500,C1qu1,"November 23, 2022","Had this game since 2009? Anyway, I'm currently on level 12,651. Today is a sad day for me. It's been a great game for so long. But now it's become an annoyance to play. So I have decided to delete this game. I don't like all the crazy changes. Pop ups are too frequent now. Sometimes you can't continue to play because they purposely blocked the red X button with a ad on top screen. So you have to wait for it to disappear. Now they changed the original sound effects. No longer great game. Goodbye",48 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1501,Stephanie,"October 25, 2022","I've never left a review for a app before, but this seems necessary. After failing a level, I'm offered to purchase a pack of goodies, but for some reason, I cannot exit out of this offer. I have to close the app and restart the level. Please fix this bug because it game becomes frustrating and unplayable.",24 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1502,Raleigh Jones,"October 19, 2022","After last update, you have to close the game out and restart and also on numerous occasions I've used specials and they don't work or move a different piece and I lose that special. It's steadily getting worse. I'm well over lvl 1900 and if this continues I'll probably lose interest.",6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1503,D,"October 14, 2022",Developer is increasingly controlling the game. Used to be fun. They force you to watch many ads to order to let you have opportunities to play on. They took away many useful weapons that you can use to pass. I have lost interests in the game after almost ten years.,103 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1504,Bridgett Painter,"October 10, 2022",Everytime I run out of moves and I try to watch the add for the extra moves the add doesn't play or if it does play the screen goes black afterwards forcing me to close the app... Therefore I lose lives.. please fix this issue.. it's not my phone or app everything on my end is up to date.,5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1505,Mandie Jones,"October 18, 2022",I have had this games for years and I do like the game itself but this new update freezes my phone multiple times a day. I have to close out the app and restart it. This has never been an issue in the past. I do not like the frequency of the ads that pop up now either. Please fix these issues and I would change to 5 stars.,14 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1506,Nikhil Athreya,"September 21, 2022",Pay to win app/game. The level design is purposefully hard when you are clearing lower levels fast. The drop of the candies is not random and also skill required is less and more of luck. They will get u stuck on a particular level and you can't proceed unless you buy some items to help you clear.,30 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1507,Monica Mondloch,"October 21, 2022","Fun but new update crashes the game after every level and sometimes loses progress when you do it. For example, I just used a bunch of boosters to pass nightmare level 2569 and complete my candy royale, but when it crashed and I reloaded, it says I lost the level and so I lost my win in the level, win streak, and candy royale win. Pretty frustrating.",42 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1508,Anuradha Mukherjee,"September 27, 2022","""Nightmarishly difficult level""? You yourselves say so ? Then how is it a stress buster ? Ridiculously fewer number of moves is the reason for a level being difficult. So the idea is either to quit playing or pay up. But these are addictive games. So you keep trying for the AI to have mercy on you. Only after innumerable attempts and exhausting boosters will you be able to cross some levels.",652 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1509,Christine Youle,"November 25, 2022","Frustrating and expensive! Stuck on a level that is impossible! Bombs go off before you get chance to even get half the score you need to pass. The fish are useless too,not even destroying the candy you need to complete a level. Ridiculous. I'm stupid enough to have paid for extra help yet still moving nowhere! I'm thinking of uninstalling it!!",29 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1510,Daisy Larson,"September 5, 2022",I like the game until I got to around level 2500 then some levels were too hard. Got to 4000 and hated it. Got a new account just so I could start from the beginning. Worst feature is getting timed boosters when you just lost your last life. Might as well get nothing,31 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1511,Jennifer Lim,"October 7, 2022",Would not recommend this game. Had spent few hundreds to buy life just to finish the game. It leaves you with one more chance before game over and it was only one more item to clear! I would have attached a screenshot sample to show you but can't.,13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1512,GAUTAM SHUKLA,"October 9, 2022","It used to be very good in earlier times, but now when i want to earn some extra moves or special candies by watching ads then the ad freezes automatically and it doesn't allow you to do anything after that and the game freezes, horrible experience.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1513,B G,"October 22, 2022","Was a lovely game for a long time, but today it kept closing mid game. When I restarted the game I found that I couldn't return to where I left off at level 4408 Or Saltnado so I lost those lives. Now I'm on ~ level 7500 every time I complete a level the screen freezes. Now I need to close the game completely and log back in to progress...",25 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1514,Hoggin Doggin,"October 15, 2022","Honestly the pressure to spend money is too prevalent. After every level having to click through 3-4 ads inciting you to buy lives/buffs/rewards. It's absolutely ridiculous. They even disguise ads for buying premium as their ""story"" you can definitely have fun playing but you're gonna have to accept the fact that you're going be playing some levels multiple times over inorder to pass them because it's luck not skill based, it's designed this way on purpose to encourage the need for buying buffs.",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1515,Jennie Mears,"October 20, 2022","Overall it's a good game but getting increasingly frustrated that a purchase pop up keeps coming up after every game, I click the X In the corner to get rid and 9/10 it stays on the screen, even if I click purchase. Keep having to close the app completely and restart.",7 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1516,Kristina Newcomer,"November 3, 2022",Starts out with levels you can actually win. Get up high in levels and its impossible to win without paying. Such a scam! I have uninstalled. Used to be fun but I'm not giving you guys any more of my money! Gave you guys another chance. Hard levels won't let you not buy boosters. Have to shut the game down completely and start over. Sooo not worth the time to lose over and over. Bye bye again for the last time. Update! Everyone delete candy crush and download jewel blast dragon! Way better!!,32 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1517,Desna Jackson-McDonald,"October 15, 2022","After a certain level, it is harder to win those supports that will assist you mastering the current level so you can continue playing. This frustrates the player and ultimately results in abandoning the game. I downloaded it as a stress relief and distraction between writing my dissertation but now it's becoming a chore and added stress 😩 😆",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1518,Dully Shaby,"October 20, 2022","The last update has some issues: 1. The screen & phone's UI freezes when opening the game 2. The game sometimes is unresponsive when you click either maps, shops, or when you want to check on hearts from friends 3. Phone's navigation bar disappears, pleasefix it and bring it back",6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1519,Greg Craft,"October 23, 2022","Not good, it has started to glitch, i am playing a very hard level, end that game up pops a you need these helpers, only it does not go away when you click on it, i have to restart my pad to get the game going again, and again it pops up and will not go away, getting tired of this and thinking of dropping the game.starting again with the glich",117 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1520,Edyn Song,"September 20, 2022",Two stars because I've changed phone and now my entire inventory I've worked to accumulate is completely gone. You know how many wins and commercials I had to watch to get it! Well it's all gone and yes I have an account and logged in on a new phone. What's the point of having an account if it doesn't save my inventory and only save my progress?,27 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1521,Steph F,"November 23, 2022","Latest update making the game too difficult. Also less rewards are given for level completion (I'm guessing with a view to try and make more money from users). Most levels need to complete in only 16 moves which is almost impossible, even with boosters.",41 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1522,Cdog inth'house,"November 2, 2022","This game cheats its players. I just downloaded this game from JustPlay rewards app, and I started playing. I'm getting a message, telling me, out of moves, when the game, really ""isn’t"" out of moves. ""I've"" spotted different moves, when the game would show me that message. There would still be, a few + moves, still. Please correct this situation. For another, the status bar shows no improvement on coin collection status either. I've stopped using the app, awhile, for that reason. Cheating.",22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1523,Deniece Benton,"November 20, 2022","Very challenging for an old lady! I know this is petty but, I wish they'd put the old tune back on that you could hear in the background as you played the game. The one on now, just don't fit the game at all.. The music plays a big part of the challenge!",65 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1524,Kim Robinson,"October 12, 2022","Love Candy Crush. My favorite game of all time! Update 10/2022: UGH! The lengthy ads on CC are overheating my phone to the point of damaging it. 😭 I can no longer enjoy my favorite game the way I used to. Anything longer that 15 seconds causes extreme heat. Dear Developer, can something be done about this? I have a new Samsung S21 so the phone is not the problem.",16 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1525,Tessina Rout,"October 23, 2022","I have bought items in the past on this game, I paid for some items and I didn't receive them so I contacted support, and continued to buy more stuff because I thought they would fix the issue. They responded quickly but wasn't much help apparently on there end it shows it went through so there's nothing they can do for me. I emailed a couple more times and got the basic response back. The games fun but I wouldn't buy things there's a chance you won't get them.",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1526,Pamela Frank,"October 25, 2022","After the last update the board freezes after every level, it doesn't matter if I clear it or not it still freezes I have to close it out and reopen. ALSO when u buy a package if something happens that u have to stop playing u just threw away $15.00 or whatever u spent on a package Because it keeps counting down I just feel like if I pay for it I should be allowed to get what I pd for even if I can't stay on the game things happen and u should get what u pd for.",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1527,Avile Masiba,"October 18, 2022","At the moment, it's a 3/5 due to how buggy it gets when you're playing a hard level and can't exit the offer and have to restart the app. Additionally, having to restart as well when playing Candy Royale is very annoying - also starting to feel deliberate. Fun but hayi.",6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1528,Chelle Y,"October 23, 2022","Update- reinstalling helped, but it's back to glitching and all bonuses were deleted; and now any collected don't show up. Should just Uninstall. Glitches out and freezes on a purchase page in game. You can only click purchase to leave the page. Otherwise you'll need to exit out completely. Happens everytime you lose a level since update.",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1529,Goddey Enerieme,"September 22, 2022",1)You guys always take away the ads when it's needed most. Do something about it.😖 2) This is a suggestion I'm sure more than 80% that use this app will agree to. Your developers should add a new function that allows you to send boosters or gold to your friends. I guess I should have put it first but THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT! You can take away the lives gifting but let us be able to gift gold and boosters too! 3) I'm in 3k+ level but I don't have that booster that reshuffles your candy. Why?,20 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1530,Georgia Nelson,"October 20, 2022","Not sure why this keeps happening, at the end of each level the screen freezes, I have to go into my apps to force stop to replay the game. It says there's a video to watch and then says its unavailable. I have lost my team I was in, just seems to have disappeared. Please can you explain, what is going on?",9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1531,Rhonda Williams,"September 23, 2022","The game was fun but now it is a money pit. The creators design it to stop short of the pieces needed or the boosters like gold fish only come out once. They make it where you get so desperate after being stuck for days or even weeks, falling short of one piece to win, that you start buying gold pieces or boosters. If you win the boosters, most times you don't receive all. I have contacted CS and they are falsely empathic. They offer apologies but no resolution or help.",98 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1532,Jennifer Williams,"November 3, 2022","I have started playing this again, used to play it on FB years ago, now I DLed it to my phone. It I'd still addictive to play, but I am having some issues at the current time (and I have only played it for a couple of days.. though, I have reached Lvl 144. --- the issue I am having is, I can not open the store from the game. I do not have this issue anywhere else, this issue is new also.. but, I try to open the store, but it just has the loading symbol, never loads. Only happens on CandyCrush.)",14 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1533,Sandra L,"October 1, 2022","Full of bugs, never really works. This game is fun but too many bugs. It often doesn't give powerup for matching long strings. The game goal often shows the wrong thing, e.g. 3 purple candies instead of 3 cherries. And it never gives all the powerups in the climbing game when you play for free.",21 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1534,Lisa Liu,"October 2, 2022","the more it's updated the more it doesn't make sense...the challenges are many but only a few lives, if at all can't get through a certain level as if the player is forced to buy a booster to get through that level, I'm disappointed with ccs even though my level is above 2700 but it's getting harder to pass only 1 level only.. please be wiser to give more paths/lives. Don't disappoint your players but pamper your players. I'm waiting for feedback.. from your very disappointed player",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1535,mary pondaag,"September 16, 2022","A very good n addictive game. Too bad the game now have daily limit for a player to receive lives from friends. Some levels r hard but still can win it without buying anything. But u will need to play it many times, which require lots of lives, n now it's getting harder, coz of this daily limit. 🤷",22 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1536,Evelyn Portrait,"October 9, 2022","Used to be a fun game now it's all about the money. Constant offers to buy, buy, buy. Even the suposed ""easy"" levels are harder to pass. Game doesn't require much skill anymore. You pass a level when the game decides to let you or you decide to give in and pay out.",116 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1537,Kartik Goel,"November 6, 2022","This game is fixed ! After about 100 levels, skill does not come into play. All that matters is how many ads/purchases you are making on the game and only that helps you move forward. This game is a complete farse and just a money minting machine, yet highly addictive. My advice, stay away from this game from the very start.",16 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1538,alfred momodu,"October 28, 2022","The whole game has become so terrible The new update is really really bad, after nearly every game, the app freezes and you have to leave and start again. It is very fustrating. Upgrades are supposed to make the game better but it has made it a whole lot worse. Get serious!!",30 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1539,Chantel Segreti,"September 16, 2022","Rewards ads don't let you exit out. I love this game but I am super annoyed by the ads. After watching ads for free power ups, you can't exit out. It says rewards granted but there is not way to swipe the screen off / back which forfeits the rewards. Very annoying.",34 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1540,Melissa Lane,"October 10, 2022",It was a fun addicting game up to a point. Then it got too hard to finish without extra gold or boosts. Never buy stuff. I did once and then lost my ability to watch ads to play after that. It is no longer fun playing the same game over and over. I'm uninstalling.,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1541,Judy Dickens,"November 3, 2022","I have been playing this game for years and have always had a good experience... Until a few days ago, I was in the middle of a game and it took away the shuffle board option and at that time I lost all of the free boosters I have earned and watched videos for. I'm very disappointed because I count on those boosters and it took me a lot of time to get them and they just vanished. I'm VERY unhappy.",21 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1542,ThatChickAshley Stevens,"November 17, 2022","Cleared a level but the app restarted and put me back on the same level I had already passed, a quite difficult level. Maybe they want people to pay for more boosters. When someone passes a level, pls make sure it's saved cause that's a major flaw with this game.",18 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1543,Ted Napier,"November 8, 2022","It's really fun, and the only mobile game I've ever liked. And as a bonus there are no adverts unless you request them, which is rare the game gives you that option. The game only gets 4 stars as some levels (especially those over 100) feel like they force you to use your boosters otherwise you can be stuck for days.",112 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1544,Jennifer Bell,"October 3, 2022","Racing constantly is tiring. I've wanted to play without being in a competition but that doesn't exist with this game. I'm general the game is fun but when you're stuck and panicking about losing the race it takes away the fun and causes you stress, which they say this game helps reduce it lol",13 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1545,Shannon Abel,"October 18, 2022","Level 320 is impossible and I won't spend money on a game to beat one level. And after every time I fail it locks on an ad for boosters that I can not close, so I have to restart the game. Super annoying for a game they should be fun.",9 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1546,Alma Kasaona,"February 11, 2023",All I don't understand is that it keeps telling me that I am out of moves while clearly see that I still have alot of possible moves. I can't be paying after everything I play. It's a waste of my money.,0,5,candy_crush
1547,Chris,"October 26, 2022",I have been playing this for years..spent a bit of money and watched the ads to get some extra games..but now i have passed 1000 lvls it seems our loyalty to the game is repaid by removing the watching ads option and making the lvls impossible without using money and all competitions you will lose as there is no player balance. Happily uninstalled,66 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1548,Sumon Basu,"September 30, 2022","Recently it’s just a money hungry game. I can challenge the developers that they Won't be able to clear some of the levels without purchasing extra moves, and this is true for both hard and normal levels. Thinking of stop playing and uninstalling the app itself.",99 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1549,Michelle Raymond,"October 25, 2022",Very frustrated with the game anymore. Every time loss the level I'm on the game freezes in the buy a booster screen. No option but to close the app and reopen. Tried to uninstall and reinstall but all this did was I lost all extra lives and boosters. Totally ready to just delete game!!!,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1550,carol jacinta wanjiru,"September 28, 2022","I was having such a great time playing this game until i made a purchase and you guys TOOK AWAY all the OPPORTUNITIES FOR WATCHING ADS and WINNING TREATS or an EXTRA LIFE then it wasnt fun anymore so now i either win a race to get some gold bars and have an advantage on the difficult levels or wait for your rare treats of spin the wheel or something which are of little help so, now i have to delete it since its become frustrating . You people should REALLY LOOK INTO THAT",28 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1551,Huma Syed,"November 18, 2022","I really enjoyed playing candy crush, but one thing which i would really want to share here is that the number of moves which every level has is very few according to difficulty of level. I really suggest to increase the moves of difficult levels as it is becoming very hard to pass the level Thank you.",24 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1552,Sabby JB,"September 29, 2022","No longer fun anymore. The levels are so hard, you'll have no choice but to buy gold and other boosters to move on. Downloaded this as a way to relax, not for them to take my money. They even toke away the ads options to watch and get free boosters/extra turns. Qualified for the semifinal candy cup, but will uninstall to find something better. Smh, really disappointed.",27 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1553,TeeJay “TJ” K,"October 1, 2022","They've literally killed the replay value of this game by limiting the amount of lives you can receive in a day. Now, instead of getting stuck on a level for hours or days, it's up to weeks. I was a daily player, but now it's not even worth it. They want you to buy stuff in order to continue, but it's not worth it. I've bought stuff before, but now, why buy? Just so I can get stuck on another level and have to wait until I can use my 20 lives of the day? Stupid move by the makers, IMO",30 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1554,julie springall,"October 14, 2022","Rubbish and glitchy. This last seasonal update causes it to freeze after games and my phones navigation buttons are hidden due to the games new full screen mode. Wishing hadn't updated its too annoying. When it feezes I have to somehow exit the app, clear all apps then open it up again but frankly I cba.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1555,Chace Shelley,"November 10, 2022","Game is not appealing anymore. Like everyone has said, once you get past a certain level you basically have to spend money to use boosts. I refuse to spend on this game. I'm on the same level for about 2 days now I haven't used any boosts or anything and will not use any to pass a level. Games fun for about 5 minutes then run out of lives.",19 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1556,Syed Farhad Khurshid,"October 7, 2022","Addictive, but seems like the developers try to push people buy the gold bars. Level 255 starts with 16 moves. In YouTube previous players have uploaded start with 22 moves!! Update: how many times does the player have to click on the x button to close ads after failing on a level!? Its getting ridiculously too much.",18 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1557,Josie R.,"November 2, 2022","It's a fun and addicting game that passes time. What I dislike is the fact that they take a portion of your winnings and store it in a 'piggy bank' and have the audacity to make you pay actual money to retrieve your remaining winnings?? It was never like this before... we watch adds, pay for upgrades and gold. Now they are taking a portion of our winnings and holding it until we pay for it? A billion dollar company! After a certain amount, the gold just dissappear. Not fair Candy Crush!",15 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1558,Jaldrine Mshila,"September 28, 2022",A very good game. It refreshes my mind. I problem came after I changed my phone. I can't go to the next level automatically after finishing a level. It keeps on repeating the same look level. Unless I go back to the map.,18 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1559,The Cs,"November 6, 2022",Used to be my favorite game. Sadly now broken to squeeze players for cash. I am fine with paying sometimes; everyone needs a paycheck but there are right ways and bad ways to do that. Season pass was bizarrely around 5 days instead of 30 or 90 days and offered nothing worth buying. Rules changed to make cascades less productive and special pieces harder to form. Now levels super broken with too few moves to force need to buy extras and boosters. Seriously just make a decent 90 day pass ppl.,24 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1560,Baken Marani,"September 30, 2022","I've just wanted to ask, whose idea is it to remove fantastic 5? Group challenge is another way we all can boost up our level. You're making it more difficult to play especially when we're on super hard level.",29 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1561,leslie rock,"September 26, 2022","I've been playing this game for 10 years. All of a sudden the Booster Screen shows ""white circles"" instead of the boosters I've collected.... can this please get fixed! I've tried un-installing the app and the re- installing, but it changed nothing.",18 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1562,Kali Hanna,"October 19, 2022",I love candy crush but right now the game won't let me go into the events page.. most of the time I have to restart the game.. n it has now started that once I'm in the events page I can't get back to the maps page without restarting the game.. it has became way too much to play a game.. please fix.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1563,Derek Hilderbrand,"January 3, 2023",After you reach a certain level its almost impossible to pass a level without buying a pack. Which has ruined this game for me,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1564,Deborah Pritchett,"October 20, 2022","Great game. I've played it for years. I had reached an unbeatable (for me) level. Started over on Android app, am on level 2154 so far. This week, encountered bug or glitch. App serves up ad for in-game purchase after losing level. Ad won't close. I have to close and reopen app.",223 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1565,The Realist,"October 17, 2022","At a certain point the game is rigged so you can't get past it. I've used the stripe candy over and over on the same exact spot and it didn't clear the jelly, only had more of those black things fall in front of it so that it's impossible to pass the level. Annoying.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1566,Angela Jenkins,"October 5, 2022","Super fun, entertaining for hours.. I always give 4 stars only because these games get to a point where you simply can't pass a level and it makes you pay to progress. That's when I quit playing and move to the next game.",13 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1567,Pamela Vigneault,"October 12, 2022","This game is fun, colorful and easy enough to understand. I like the tutorial at first that explains the different candy and what they do, but there are still things I don't understand how to do or how to use. I played bejeweled so kinda know what to expect. It's more the extra stuff you win throughout the level, not sure how to access them. Bejeweled was definitely more clear",76 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1568,Paramveer Singh Rajawat,"September 21, 2022","It hepls to reduce stress.when u fresher..when gradually u get the high rank, it becomes irritating. Bcoz u cant finish the levels on a single time.i tried to complete the levels using gold bars and i hv spent so much now i m on zero..if u dont have gold bars u cant take any chance to continue the same level.and the actual problem is moves. In the beginning i enjoyed a lot. But now , there is no any options neither offers or special daily spin voucher. After all m giving ⭐⭐. Thank you",29 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1569,raphatla moloi,"October 17, 2022","Not happy with recent update, I have two phones I use to play the game. On the other phone when I ran out of life or want to go to other windows it says swipe up three times but still does not allow me to access other apps and on another phone it does not go to next game or episode automatically, I have to get out of the game/app and restart.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1570,Valerie Meyer,"October 22, 2022",I've been playing this game for a few years. The last 3 days every time I either buy additional items or just complete a level my games goes blank with only the flower background left. Very discouraged I reached out because this happened 2 nights ago with no resolution except the items were delivered sorry. But if I can't play the game and if they were only good for 30 minutes how is this fair. If this doesn't resolve I'm going to Uninstall This game and move onto something else.,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1571,A E,"September 3, 2022",Well it was fun while it lasted.... I really liked this game as it was helpful to decompress at the end of the day. Made it to 1823 w/o having to purchase anything but this level is absurd. Nightmarishly Hard my rear... it's impossible... unless I buy a bunch of boosters. One of the things I loved about this game is that one COULD play through without having to spend any money but now I'm over it. Like everything else in the world these days you have to spend more money to get anywhere...,32 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1572,Daniela - Alexandra Vlad - LaDue,"October 16, 2022","I love the game but the recent update has lots of bugs. Forcing to purchase or must exit game to move to next level. From time to time it freezes during the game, not allowing the next moves. Please fix it.",6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1573,Emma Brazill,"September 18, 2022",I used to love this game. Have played for 10 years + and always enjoyed. The creators are slowly but surely removing everything that Is fun about it. Limiting lives sent by friends to 20 per day?? NO! Just NO! Removed F5....NO...just NO! ITS ALL ABOUT THE MONEY now and it sucks. GREED. Pure and utter GREED. Love the game itself but the team behind it need to have a word with themselves as you are going to lose all your loyal players. Disappointed is an understatement 😪,30 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1574,Thaine Blumer,"October 3, 2022","It is a fun game, but there's a point where you have to spend a small fortune to go any further. I got to somewhere around level 300 until it will cost you a couple dollars to get past every next level. Not gonna happen. I see how they can make a fortune on people getting addicted to the game and then spend 10 to 20 dollars a week to keep going. Uninstalled, moving on.",97 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1575,Vanessa Van Beelan,"September 6, 2022","Not able to use more than 20 gifted lives in a 24 hour period is restricting, not able to play and complete difficult levels... not happy with this update, should be able to play as much as you like when you like. Take the restriction away.. I play alot as I have been playing for some years, now I can't play as I like.",29 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1576,LosLegos,"October 17, 2022","After latest update, game gets stuck while playing ads, requiring closing the app and restarting. I uninstalled and reinstalled, hoping to fix it, but the problem remains and I have lost all my messages and boosters. Gold bars and progress were retained.",20 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1577,Taylor Noe,"September 19, 2022","I've been playing candy crush for almost 10 years, and this recent update hase very frustrated. I receive a lot of extra lives, and now I'm limited to only being able to use 20 extra lives a day, and I can only bank up to 200 extra lives. The extra lives are how I make so much progress, and while I'm aware I can purchase extra lives, I don't have those types of funds to buy lives for this game. Hope it changes back to unlimited.",22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1578,eva,"October 18, 2022","A horrendous amount of advertising. Too much. The candies do not always behave like they should, lost so many levels due to buggy programming. Also, now I have to close/reopen app after every game bc the follow up screen can't be closed. Level 6400 but I finally get over it for good.",6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1579,Kerry Whitney,"November 8, 2022","This is now an app that the developers have inbuilt an algorithim which, when you are playing the game creates a malfunction or freezes the screen forcing you to uninstall and reinstall to fix the issue. Once logged back in the bank of inventory you have gathered is no longer there. I found this to happen on both the Iphone and android. It seems that if you chose not purchase inventory they do their hardest to coerce you into buying inventory by constantly malfunctioning the app. 1 star",12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1580,Corner Stone,"October 13, 2022","The updated version is very worst... no. Of Moves have been ridiculously reduced. For everything you need boosters to pass levels as you go higher or buy gold bars. If you have gold bars you get 35 more moves by makers . its become a ""money"" game for the makers now.... 😡😡😡 Spoiling all the mood for the game. All they want is to earn more and more money . GOING TO UNINSTALL IT Now. Hope this message goes in to the makers ears.. 🙄🙄😒 earlier versions were better. Level 547 is unplayable😡😡",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1581,Aarya,"November 5, 2022",This is an addictive game... Which helps us to boost our focus.. and encourage us not to give up. Even though I am high at the levels but still I haven't got the streak which other players get at the beginning of the level... This is one problem If this is solved then I'll be very greatful and would give 5 star. Please see to it..,22 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1582,Travis Eylward,"November 11, 2022","Good game and keeps me entertained, but every now and again, game bugs halt progress and costs win streaks and bonus items. Currently and ad bug that comes up blank and I have to force stop the game losing any progress made in stages, win streaks and lose bonus items in the process. Very frustrating",22 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1583,Jessica Salmon,"October 16, 2022",Usually fine. Have been playing since the beginning. The newest update has been a problem. Game freezes in the transitions between levels. I have to turn off the app entirely to move on. 🤷🏼‍♀️,7 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1584,Brandy Perkins,"September 17, 2022","Maybe you should fix your app since it constantly freezes up. I've emailed you guys (still no word from you), closed the game, uninstalled to reinstall to see if it fixed the problem. Uninstalled and not reinstalling it this time. Frustrating and ridiculous!!!!!!",25 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1585,Fenny Lai,"October 22, 2022","The game is no longer fun and getting boring. You just have to watch all advertisment videos and you can pass the levels without problems. For sure I understand these sponsors contribute the games to players, but there's no more challenging feelings as I know I can just finish the videos to get the final booster and pass the levels. I used to enjoy this game....",8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1586,Rebecca Bell,"October 12, 2022","Not sure why I am still playing... this used to be my favorite game.. for some reasons I am no longer get the option to watch ad to get Boosters or to continue to play by watching ads.. I am so disappointed I can't afford to make the purchases I don't know what changed but I am close to deleting the game.. I was almost to level 1000 when I accidentally deleted and had to reinstall, start all over that is when it changed.",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1587,Gracie Carbajal,"September 23, 2022",This game starting to get on my nerves it takes forever to pass a level and the give you new features that you never receive them without buying them also when you do buy them it wont let you pass your level until you use them never gives you the bonus spin jackpot . And it's like they controlling the pass levels I pass the 7 continuous with one try each and then didn't even give me my 500 bars smh so dissatisfied,17 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1588,Carla Pettway,"September 29, 2022","I hate when I have a booster on board and you use it before I do. Like I was right at a striped and wrapped to combine and instead they both went off without me clicking it. Also it's a little passive aggressive with the moves suggestion, let me think sometimes....geez",30 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1589,Ken Lawson,"November 10, 2022",Keep getting a black screen when ads are supposed to play. Have to close and restart game. Stilll happening 6 months later. Needs to be fixed.still has not been fixed. 12 months now.stopped for a few months now happening again. Have to restart game. No ads will play.,76 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1590,Ashley Smith,"October 27, 2022",I changed phones & put in my info. It started me out on the level I left off but NOTHING was in my inventory. I had hundreds of items all together & they're all gone. Most I got from continually watching adds... now it really was a waste of time!! I never used them even when I wanted to just so they would add up & they are gone!,23 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1591,Steven Kelby,"September 13, 2022","Latest update ruined gameplay. Now I can only use a maximum of 20 per day of the free lives I have been collecting. And they only allow a maximum of 200 free lives in total. I used to save lives for 2 weeks, then play for hours on my 1 day off. Can't do that anymore. Greedy attempt to force me to spend more money if I want to play for a couple hours straight. I'll uninstall instead. Pity, I was nearly at level 4000. I now hate the game because of this, it's ruined the way I play.",33 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1592,kholofelo mokwele,"October 19, 2022","The new update is so bad,I am close to deleting the app and never downloading it again, I can't move to the next stage without it freezing and forcing you to buy boosters,I have to now restart my phone now and then, please fix this,it's frustrating and annoying.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1593,Warren Hairston,"November 20, 2022","The new sound effects are awful! They're too muted, too generic, and too similar to each other. The new ""fish"" sound is OK, but most of the excitement and entertainment has been stripped away with the removal of the old sounds.",9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1594,jewelweed,"September 26, 2022",Would change my opinion however the game is stuck on level 177. I passed the challenge but the game doesn't move forward. I've been struck for 3 days and your help button doesn't have a line to pick for that kind of help.,16 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1595,Doug Fisher,"September 16, 2022","Serious issues syncing between devices (through FB). Phone and tablet have same level, but little else. Number of boosters is radically different, different Sweet Cinema boards, number of sent and requested lives also sharply different. And some others. Seems sync is only good for tracking game levels.",50 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1596,Katie,"September 6, 2022",Not fun anymore. King had put a limit on how many extra lives you can use a day to 20. When you go through a life in under a minute and difficult levels need to be replayed several times - this was just an awful restriction. Uninstalling.,36 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1597,Anitha Shibu,"October 14, 2022","I loved this game and still love it because of which I don't wish to delete it from my phone. However ever since I switched my phones I haven't been receiving the same variety of events as I did before on my previous phone. Although the my progress has been saved since I have an account, I do not have the daily treat machine or candy chronicles etc come up in my events section on the new phone. Please fix this as soon as possible 🙏",6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1598,Fred Mitchell,"October 18, 2022","Money, money, money. Pay to play. It offers things to buy and will not let you x it out. You have to shut the game down and reload to play again if you don't spend any money. Every 5th level, you need to buy stuff or it takes 50 tries to clear the level. So full on pay to play. Very frustrating.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1599,Michael Dobbs,"October 23, 2022",Currently after every level I am having to close the app and restart it. I've cleared cache and data and even redownloaded the game. I've reset my phone and still does nothing but freeze after every level and I've tried to contact the developers and no one will get back to me,6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1600,roe lamirand,"September 8, 2022",Recent changes ruined the game. I have over 900 lives. They put limit of only using 20 a day. Run out of lives before I can use up my timed specials. So what is the point of having them. No need to ask for more friend either because of limit. They always had a lot of glitches the didn't fix. Customer service has always been very poor. Can't win contests with the restrictions and now am not even trying The changes didn't come to everyone at once. My limit happened this week.,24 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1601,Ashraf Ahmed,"October 22, 2022",It was fun. But nowadays when we retry on a single level the screen gets freezed. We have to close the app and restart it again. And then the levels have become so stressful and until you pay and get some boosters you are not going to pass through levels. I'm already at 4000 plus. Now always I feel whether to play or not. That fun element and temptation is not there as before.,14 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1602,Charlette Jones,"September 5, 2022","Its impossible to beat some levels without buying anything. They've made levels to where the're less moves. Level 90 for example. Clear 24 peppermint with licorice and 175 purple candies with only 20 moves. I've tried almost 30 times and never came close to beating it. Its not fun, its annoying.",25 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1603,Cla F,"November 13, 2022",Frustrating that one of the ads(Unity Ads) goes into completely blank and cant be closed as it glitches. Please remove ad or update the app properly. I tried to choose several times and it doesn't work. The only way is to restart.,18 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1604,A Bernette,"October 25, 2022","Starting to get on my nerves, constantly trying to FORCE me to buy something when on a 'super hard level'. If I lose a level I have to refresh/restart the entire game because it won't let me pass to the next level without buying something!! That's a lot of refreshing.",16 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1605,Wendy Harrington,"November 15, 2022","Too expensive! Game is geared toward getting you to spend money. If you collect a lot of boosters, which are necessary to advance through some levels, the game will make sure you use them up quickly. Playing gets you ""free"" coins in your piggy bank to spend on boosters but, when its full, you have to pay Candy Crush real dollars to bust open the piggy bank!! All in all the game wants you to keep spending money!",193 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1606,Cbcs Business,"October 13, 2022","Easy at first, got to 1500 and got hardest, keep spending or you go no further. The you win a level and it crashes so you loose the level, 3 times same level. Deleting app now as had enough crash outs. Enjoyed until late now you have to do things a lot of times",82 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1607,Maeschelle Garcia,"October 14, 2022",The screen is freezing after every level. It only gives me the option to watch a video sometimes not all the time very frustrating. It keeps telling me the videos are unavailable at this time.,6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1608,Thelma Scharer,"October 5, 2022","It's a really fun game, but items are priced too high. 1.99 per life is crazy! It takes 10 gold bars for a life, and 10 bars cost 1.99 so basically if you lose and don't have any lives you'll pay 1.99 per turn. WOW! 💸",12 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1609,Kelvin Rice,"September 10, 2022","Was fun.. I've been playing for years. I've gotten past level 3000 and now it takes days to pass one level! It was ok when I could use as many lives as I had available in the inbox, but now I can only use 20 a day!? So I can play for about an hour and then it's either pay money, or wait until the next day. That's ridiculous. You've become overly greedy with this game. No longer fun. Take away the 20 lives a day and let us use as many as we want or I'm sure I won't be the only one uninstalling.",24 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1610,Susan Boylan,"October 17, 2022",Entertaining game. Some levels are super hard. I have been rewarded almost 200 extra lives but am limited to using 20 a day. That should be my choice to use them. Today I lost all my rewards and about 185 extra lives. This is getting more annoying than fun!!!!!,7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1611,Leah P,"September 22, 2022","Now levels are impossible to pass with as little as 12 moves-2 or 3 things to be obtained-bombs included! Boosters are definitely needed which are so overpriced. I also found, on multiple occasions, getting jipped by the game. Ex: u need 2 cherries. u get one to drop so u need another one to show up on the board to sink ur 2nd one, u would expect in 1 or 2 moves within the proper coloum the final cherry would drop, nope! U run outta moves even just trying to get another cherry on the board",17 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1612,JoAne Loboshewolf,"October 16, 2022",Having trouble after the last update it keeps freezing up I'm thinking about uninstalling and reinstalling to see if that will get it to straighten up this is ridiculous it just keep freezing up and to get it off my phone I literally have to do a restart on my phone and then go back to the game and it happens again I wish they would fix this issue but for now I'm uninstalling,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1613,Manoj Shetty,"November 11, 2022",Not at all a stress buster anymore. Some single level can take around 50 to 100 attempts to clear. Also going from one level to other level sometime there are end number of ads window to be closed which i never read also. Its getting more and more ridiculous as level goes up.,55 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1614,Baja 002,"October 28, 2022","I wanted to give it a go and see why everyone played this... Game is a huge disapointment, it all comes down to buying power ups to pass levels. Without purchasing anything, you will likely fail the same level over and over again. Highly frustrating and completly opposite of relaxing. Also the prices are insane for this type of game.",14 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1615,Daniel Ngada,"October 15, 2022",Great game. Interesting music while playing. Good sound effects. Interaction with other players is good. Keeps the mind stimulated. Very addictive and fun to keep away boredom. I would recommend for all ages. I play it daily and it boosts my thinking abilities. No level is the same and the candies come with beautiful colors too. I cannot afford to buy boosters but the game can reward with boosters if played consistently and this is generous. Thank you. Personal rating for me is straight 5 stars,96 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1616,Solomon Broadnax,"October 25, 2022","Keeps freezing after each round. This is not worth spending money on. I believe this glitch is done on purpose to increase the # of times the app is opened. They can show advertisers how many times people have opened their app, thus increasing the value of the app.",67 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1617,Kent Williams,"October 14, 2022","Overall a good game with decent mechanics, but there are definitely some things going on behind the scenes to make objectives nearly impossible on occasion. Like not spawning the items you need to clear.",8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1618,Humaira Masroor,"October 29, 2022",Very bad.. Slowly you have taken back all the power options.. It is getting difficult to play.... Thinking of uninstalling soon.... If not go smoothly.... Now it is not relieving the stress instead increasing it by not moving ahead.... Now all the levels are of tough nature. Edited :no improvement... Atleast provide ads... So that we can get powers to pass levels.,301 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1619,Carol Whalen,"November 22, 2022","Not happy with the vibration when I play, it gets very annoying!!! Didn't know it was an added feature and it made me think my settings were messed up. Please get rid of the vibration, do not like!! Thanks for letting me express my opinion and do your best to fix this soon!!",14 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1620,D.j Phillips,"September 13, 2022",I need you guys to understand. I will never spend any money on this game. Especially when it's set to almost frustrated you into spending in order to pass certain levels... Or get lucky. If someone else wants to spend that's fine. Not me.,26 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1621,Samantha Guest,"September 5, 2022","20 LIVES A DAY!! So I've accepted 20 lives but I cannot use any from my stock even though it's set at 200 and I have over that, so basically I cannot use any of my saved lives and now have to wait for the timer for lives to be added?! This is a massive disappointment on this update and remind me of a few months ago when you did similar but changed it back, so I'm really hoping you will listen to your players and alter this asap!",32 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1622,Erin Amn,"September 23, 2022","I lost my old features, i was given 11 extra moves before starting a level, but now it's not exist. I kindly request to the authority of King. Please give the old feature back to my account. In Actual, i love this game more than all. But I just giving 1 star to this game , just for my that issue, I'll give it 5 star after getting my feature back. Thank you",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1623,carnage asada,"October 31, 2022",Classic candy crush. A good game to play whenever you want. Only thing I'd change would be have a mode where you can play less challenging levels and a mode to play just the nightmare ones for more prizes. That would be awesome,132 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1624,Ryan Lipke,"October 8, 2022","Not many ads but I just started so we will see.i dont mind watching ads to recieve items or lives needed to play the game but only if the ads are optional.theres nothing worse then a game you have to watch ads after everymove.lol.fun game,great way to pass time,has rewards for players th hat dont pay to play but also has play to play options,game events,its a pretty cool game",21 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1625,Kokila Ganesan,"September 5, 2022","Very interesting game. But disappointed that the lives are very low once I updated the game. The lives borrowed was limited to 30 but after updated the app it's down to 20, which decrease my interest to play the game. Don't like to play it. Searching for another game 😏😏😏😏",28 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1626,C A,"November 20, 2022","Some levels are impossible without paid extras. You can try even 60 times, it won't matter. You would roughly need 2-3 times more moves to finish without paid extras. Buy regular game, instead spending fortune on this (you won't get far fro 300-500$ spent on it... Crazy money)",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1627,Christina Mercier,"September 29, 2022",Fun game. The are making it impossible to obtain gold bar without spending money. Plus the features that suppose to give you a boost takes forever to be rewarded for. I get that the company needs to make money but. This is ridiculous. They only give you a few moves so you are forced to buy bars,21 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1628,Yuvaraj P,"January 31, 2023","Sometimes it giving low moves,so leval finishing time are take 1 week then bored.finally it's graphic and sounds so good and good game.😊",0,4,candy_crush
1629,Linda D,"February 9, 2023","Fun, but frustrating when special candies go off even when you don't touch them. Also watch the clock especially on work or school nights",0,3,candy_crush
1630,Betty-Ann Jean-Baptiste,"November 10, 2022",Candy crush is taking my mone I made a purchase it kept on loading and it never showed me my purchase. It was for 299. It kept on loading in circles for about 5 minutes and nothing happened. I had to make my purchase again. I'm extremely disappointed at the fact that now I had to pay doubled the money. This is not the 1st time this has happened but it has happened so many times I feel as if I need to make a complaint about it.,8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1631,Martha Anewa,"November 21, 2022",The game goes to black screen and you end up losing a life mid game. Also the lack of combinations making you lose a game. The worst is reducing weekly rewards for second and third place. Please work on it.,14 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1632,karu dani,"February 18, 2023","It was good before, but now it's scripted, they won't let you win until you purchase gold or something from shop,,,,wrost game ever develop by developer,,,,",0,1,candy_crush
1633,LoveYourNeighbors,"December 11, 2022",Yes this game is great. But it's just getting worse since the update that made the game more difficult. ALMOST EVERY LEVEL IS A HARD LEVEL. It's incredibly hard to have level streaks. Unlike before the update when the game was way easier and had lesser hard levels throughout the game. Please just nerf the game. It's not fun anymore,13 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1634,suman kapali,"February 12, 2023",never thought i would be saying this and not sure how they managed to do this but yeah the algorithm has changed and the good old candy crush is now 100% pay to win,0,1,candy_crush
1635,Stephanie Holdren,"September 24, 2022",I like this game but I feel slighted. My friends that has iPhones have better perks. I haven't had the carnival or flower wheels in weeks which give you free stuff. iPhone users right now have a pumpkin patch and they can get MORE free stuff by watching ads. I don't have that option. I just have to spend weeks on a super hard level without the help that iOS people get. Apple has bought the world...,13 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1636,Emilia Nieminen,"December 28, 2022",The wait time between levels is too long. Some levels have no possible starting point without using the lollipop hammer.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1637,Stephanie Lomnicky,"January 26, 2023",No more auto rotate...no good ! If you update every week put it back. Hard to play with a sideway screen. :-(,0,1,candy_crush
1638,Di Na,"September 13, 2022","I used to love this game, but to the new limitation of 20 lives per day to accept has completely ruined it, it makes no sense and changed what this game is about, fun and stress free. It became annoying and not fun at all, I'm thinking of deleting it, really hope they fix that soon!",23 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1639,Sally Kellner,"February 15, 2023",can't get the screen to enlarge. had to uninstall and then reinstall. lost all my game.,0,2,candy_crush
1640,Joanne Smith,"January 11, 2023","Love the game!! Remember to save your games. I was way up in the hundreds and ""lost"" my progress, and now I am starting over at #1.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1641,Jeff Beard,"February 1, 2023","Yeah, just no. Made it through level 25 and the further I went the more it seemed I wasn't playing the game and making my own decisions, but more just following the game suggested moves and letting the game decide how to proceed. Sure, I could choose not to use the suggested moves, but it's distracting and you may find yourself just blindly following along. Recommend removing the near instantaneous next move selections and let the player actually troubleshoot their way through.",0,2,candy_crush
1642,Vjnodtharani@yahoo.com.in Vinod,"February 18, 2023",Who the duffer has designed this level More then 200 lives More then 100 boosters Still cant pass the level 12223 Worst experience Once agai feddup Its becoming frustrating 1 level can b crossed in a day It seems you cant clear level unless you use gold bars TIME TO UNINSTALL THE GAME AFTER LONG 10 YEARS,264 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1643,Karen R,"January 25, 2023","Played daily so must be good - but until they put the rotate back so I can play in landscape mode on my tablet, I won't be playing.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1644,Dena Moses,"February 1, 2023",Likeable game just not sure how to unlock the piggyback. Kind of senseless to collect gold you can't unlock without paying for it.,0,4,candy_crush
1645,beycuteful,"September 20, 2022",I couldn't progress on level 2531 because the fruits' paths are broken / not connected. The fruits never drop to the next whole. It's still the same even after reinstalling the apps. I checked on YouTube and saw some bricks but mine doesn't have it. How can I finish the level?,14 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1646,Linda Thomas,"January 31, 2023",Love it play it to relax.my family like to play also.great. ok. I keep it as a old stand by. Just try it and you will love it?must play the family also plays great the best great the best greatgreatgreat,10 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1647,egg,"February 18, 2023",Simple game that I redownload every few years. Never seen a downgrade from the previous experience.,0,5,candy_crush
1648,Iviwe Nkohliso,"January 30, 2023","It's very challenging and fun. A very good game, but some stages are too difficult out of the blue...",0,4,candy_crush
1649,Jaya Lakshmi Bai Chowhan,"January 23, 2023",We welcome this game as a real mind relax game.very very lovable game. The new boosters are very useful to pass levels and encouraging. The new events are very good and helpful in playing the game,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1650,Justyna Pilat,"November 17, 2022","i just started playing and the levels 20 and up are so freakishly hard. honestly, its supposed to be a nice and relaxing game and its pissing me off instead, when i have to play one and the same level like 20 or 30 times because i dont pay real money for extra moves and boosters. i get that there are challenges and it cant be too easy, but thats way too much. Also I have to pay to open my piggy bank? for gold bars that im grinding for? not fair",22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1651,Catherine Payne,"September 5, 2022","I downloaded this app for a TapJoy offer and it works fine, except for the occaisional glitch and the annoying hard levels that are one after the other (those are why it's only three stars) but I completed the quest and never got my reward :( Don't download because of TapJoy!! Otherwise it's a great game",46 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1652,George McClelland,"January 5, 2023","Playing through mistplay, so I get rewards for playing. It's match 3, and constantly asking you to pay to make it easier",0,4,candy_crush
1653,Tera Jackson Dillard,"January 25, 2023",I've been playing this game off and on for 9 years now. No matter what other game I may play extra I always come back to my Candy Crush Saga. The levels do get a little bit harder at times but this game let's you win different bonus moves that I personally let add up for the extremely harder levels or you can buy extra moves plus bonuses. This game relaxes me and eases my stress levels tremendously. I LOVE MY CANDY CRUSH SAGA,0,5,candy_crush
1654,Miriam Clare Rujeko Mushaikwa,"January 4, 2023",I'm enjoying the challenges the game offers. It forces you to use logical reasoning and boosts cognitive development overall.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1655,Flaming TrashRiver,"December 17, 2022",It's fun! I like how they show offers sometimes that give you infinite plays for a set amount of time.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1656,elsie mavisi,"December 31, 2022",I have almost reached 5000 level... why isn't the developer paying us to play??? I just play to push time when I get free time at work. Would appreciate if there's an opportunity to earn while playing,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1657,Faisal Siddiqui,"January 30, 2023",Bad servers! Takes too much times in loading few contents. Sometimes it lost connection to server.,0,1,candy_crush
1658,oyass lara,"January 10, 2023","This game is awesome 👌 i love it a lot dat is why am in 7172, an also I have 2089 Gold bar, i would ave love if you guys can make it possible for us with higher level to chat with each other. thanks CCS my best game let's make CCS a chatting App..",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1659,Hannah -C A,"February 11, 2023",It is so frustration when you have 133 lives and you can not play just 20 a day why ??? Please remove this condition as soon as possible as it is fun killer,0,3,candy_crush
1660,Cynthia Bartsoff,"January 25, 2023","After seeing all the hype about this game & now after playing it I can see why! Great colors, pretty straight forward it engauges the brain for sure!",0,5,candy_crush
1661,Nick Richter,"October 26, 2022","Horrible. Game changed. A freaking add, 3 times, before getting to a level. Crashes at the end of every level. Stupid races and other pop ups between levels. Can't we just play the game instead of the other stupidness.",22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1662,Chantal Hanna,"February 4, 2023",Tons of fun and very addictive. My main issue is the amount of upselling which is annoying.,0,4,candy_crush
1663,Currently Unknownxx,"January 12, 2023",It's a good game but the levels are kinda hard ngl. I really love the challenge but wish you got more boosters for free.,0,4,candy_crush
1664,John Loewen,"December 10, 2022",Not too many ads (well you can just turn off your wifi if you don't want any ads). And the levels slowly start getting harder but not impossible. Overall a pretty good game.,41 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1665,Tamires Justino,"January 18, 2023",Nice game. But really annoying when stuck in a level and basically con only go forward spending money.,0,3,candy_crush
1666,Kirstin Hahn,"January 25, 2023","Gotta love all the pressure to buy and play with other people. After almost every level they try and get you to buy boosters or piggy banks or something. Seriously. Stop. Also stop pushing to befriend others and compete with them. I want a solitary game after working in customer service all day, please",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1667,christina,"February 5, 2023","I miss the crunch sound the candy used to make. The new sound is not satisfying at all, why was it changed?",0,2,candy_crush
1668,Juaketha Lewis,"October 17, 2022","Ive been having MAJOR ISSUES with the candy crush saga.. it takes to long to load after winning a level and then it does this weird thing where it freezes up and it has several profiles linked. I wish there was a way that i could take a screen shot and send it to you 10/16/22 update, the game keeps freezing on one particular spot and will not allow me to back out or close game. I have to shut it completely down. What is going on???",15 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1669,Amelia O'Connor,"January 1, 2023","I have a bone to pick with the makers of this game, candy crush is supposed to be a fun and stress relieving game but instead it's adding more stress. Why are the levels so hard and your barely getting any help at all!!",0,3,candy_crush
1670,Ophelia Amoah,"December 21, 2022",Anytime I get free ads to extend my life the whole game goes off so I have to restart it again.........and now the levels are too difficult 😞😞😞😞😞😞,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1671,Steve Navarro,"January 11, 2023",I would give this game 5 stars but I don't get any contests anymore I look at my girlfriends game and she gets to do races against others and also gets contests where she gets to choose things and I have none of that can someone tell me why,0,3,candy_crush
1672,Jacqie,"February 5, 2023","The dither you get in the game, the less moves you get. I have been stuck on level 181 for 2 weeks. It's ridiculous",0,1,candy_crush
1673,Akachi OJ,"November 28, 2022","Hello, this is a great game, helps you relax and also helps in critical thinking. But for some days now my internet is not connected to the game, can't login and can't watch videos sometimes.... Pls do something, don't want to loose my progress. Great team work here 👍 Still can't connect to the server and no one is responding, literally can't do anything 🙄",17 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1674,Sherry,"October 26, 2022","Need to recieve More helpers in the game and be able to use what ever you have saved up and when your not purchasing helpers. They should be given to you when on a streak or just hopping levels quickly, you would think a reward would be given for fastest levels and how many moves it took. I know purchases help you go further but when you really play with out buying the extras can you do it?",30 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1675,Saeeda Ameen,"December 29, 2022",When I win the level. After this I start new level the game becomes hanged.. Game is hanging since 1 month. And when I play on mute phone becomes very vibrating....,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1676,KIZZA Level Up,"February 8, 2023",Half easy half difficult mostly random and for a game about being stress free it does the complete opposite,0,3,candy_crush
1677,SocietyEnder666,"January 27, 2023","I am saddened by this new update, all the sounds are different and it has made me come to dislike this amazing game, truly heartbreaking.",0,1,candy_crush
1678,James Thistlethwaite,"February 1, 2023",This is a great game but I wish it would have the option to have the classic sounds from the original. Love the added boosters,0,5,candy_crush
1679,Dean Waddell,"January 26, 2023","Played this game for years. Currently on level 4232,what a joke. This game used to be fun. It says swipe your stress away,more like add to it lately.",0,1,candy_crush
1680,Michael “Madrigal” Adeleye,"December 4, 2022","It's been a very good game, the experience so far has been awesome. However, i do feel there's more to be done to improve the game, i will recommend that the game be monetized for the players to enhance user's experience and to attract more users. Furthermore, players should be able to purchase boosters using crypto currencies and finally, i suggest a crypto currency token should be created with the brand name of this game. If these are done, I'm rating the game 5 stars. Thanks.",9 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1681,Catherine Mumbi,"December 29, 2022",My experience has been awesome. At 4000+ though some levels have really challenged me.Is it possible that the developer can reward loyal players in monetary terms?££,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1682,Doctor Demon,"January 13, 2023","almost fun. the ""new episodes"" don't have to be too complicated,it kills the fun. they should be more balanced.",0,3,candy_crush
1683,Gerald Sarpong,"February 20, 2023",Your games are easy for me... I want more difficult games to play... King games pls do something more difficult.. It's easy for me,0,2,candy_crush
1684,Christiaan Ras,"January 15, 2023",Enjoyable but sometimes you get the impression that the level is unnecessarily difficult so as to make you buy more boosters.,0,3,candy_crush
1685,Judy Renno,"September 6, 2022",I enjoy the challenge of playing this game. What I don't enjoy is the weeks and weeks it takes to pass one level at times. How is it that one consistently gets one turn on the booster wheel or never gets the jackpot. That is hard to understand.,19 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1686,Kim Taylor,"January 23, 2023",Not bad in getting you to look for potential matches. Wish rules were included as to if it's by time or moves.,2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1687,Sharon Backous,"February 6, 2023",I have sent many emails. When the candy crush saga app said to update I did. I list all my 6172 LEVELS. I WOULD LIKE THIS FIXED. PLEASE.,0,1,candy_crush
1688,oo oof,"January 20, 2023",I love this game back it's very fun like i love matching the things and getting rewards!!! Please install this game it's amazing plus I never get ads!!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1689,Lisa Thompson,"January 19, 2023","Love it, it's a great game. Keeps you interested with the different grids and game features.",0,5,candy_crush
1690,pavan jadhav,"February 8, 2023","It's a fun ,relaxing game that speaks to my sense of order and need to organize If you getto a level that's too hard just start over!",0,4,candy_crush
1691,Isaac Amoah,"January 28, 2023",I wish to give you 5star but if you are playing the game and your screen gone off and you on it will start again and I don't like it please try to do something about it,0,3,candy_crush
1692,Farhat Shaheen,"January 25, 2023",I really love the game because you need mind power to finish every level in it i never get bored because there are always new things in it and it's offline so no need of internet,0,5,candy_crush
1693,Deb Michaud,"September 8, 2022","Fun, but beware...hard to stop playing. This game can become addicting. 7-18-22 I wasn't happy with the last update. It restarted the whole game. I was enjoying the levels I was on and now I'm back at level 50. I was in the 3 or 4 hundreds before the update. I love playing, but not happy that they are always asking you to buy helps.",50 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1694,Portsia N,"December 12, 2022","Still need better levels with characters, and fun stuff. Please get rid of this horrible music.",9 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1695,Deborah Tiller,"December 28, 2022",Ive played this game for a long time and im never bored with it. All the levels provide a new challenge. Thank you,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1696,Ahmad Arsalan,"January 9, 2023",I was Qualified for Winter Cup Final. But as of now the final leaderboard is not showing in my account. Very disappointing.,0,3,candy_crush
1697,Amber Henderson,"September 10, 2022","Update: I didn't think CC could get worse, but now lives are limited to 20/day, & most levels are impossible to pass with 20 lives. OVER IT! **Original post 2020: I used to like playing, but they continue to update the game & remove the minimal booster options I have. Most my friends have free boosters wheels, an air balloon that gives them free things, and I have none of that. I did have a win wheel every 48 hours, but they just took that too. Their excuse, ""I'm part of a test group""! 🙄🤬",45 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1698,Lynne Lievrouw,"January 8, 2023","When you win a game, let it have a button to push to continue onto the next game instead of having to wait for the cycle to complete each game. It used to just let you continue on.",0,3,candy_crush
1699,Stacy Lopez,"September 11, 2022","Use to love playing this game. However, now there is no point in adding new friends because you can only use so many lives before being cut off. Also when requesting lives you do not receive them.I have spent a lot of money on boosters as well! I have not had my climb in over 2 weeks so my boosters are very minimal. There are several games like this that does not work as a ploy to take your money!",16 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1700,Kavya Rani,"February 19, 2023",There is no advertisement for free lives or boosters. It's being difficult to pass levels without advertisements,0,2,candy_crush
1701,Debra Kozelenko,"September 25, 2022","If I could give a 10 on any app I've ever played this would be a perfect 10.👏👏 this game is so much fun the rewards the side challenges every level just gets more fun and more interesting ,and they also offer the option to play it on Facebook, join teams ,or just simply add friends and make your own team. So Google team I have a question for you; Where is the nearest location 4 Candy Crush Rehab Center??LMAO this game should come with a WARNING ⚠. Play at your own risk! 🤣🤣",23 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1702,S. Lee,"December 23, 2022","The ad takes too long to watch, please limit to 5-10 secs for each ad. I watch the Lazada ad so many times until I want to vomit!",0,1,candy_crush
1703,Jozlyn Grubaugh,"January 13, 2023",Love the game overall but since ive ever had the game ive never been able to get my store to open so i can buy stuff. I have google play points i wanna use but i cant because my store wont open.,0,4,candy_crush
1704,Mpilenhle Vee,"January 16, 2023",The app has more excitement than what i thought it would be. Has no ads and playing without data is impossible to reach higher stages. What i can say you won't regret it,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1705,Joanna Clifton,"December 6, 2022",Ever since the new update the levels are impossible to beat. It's ridiculous. I'm on level 2457 and have played the current level at least 100 times now and took over 200 tries to beat the last level. It's like they made it impossible to beat levels without spending money on the game now.,19 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1706,Ledley Lockett,"January 17, 2023","Love the game,gets harder and harder keep it up.restarted game again for the umpteenth time still playing on got to 1200plus last time finding it harder this time round.six months away from paying trying again.",14 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1707,Emma Elkins,"January 20, 2023","This game is SO fun and satsfying. I love the graphics, levels, characters,EVERYTHING. I deffenitly recommend this app. Great Game UwU.",0,5,candy_crush
1708,Linda Kenyon,"January 27, 2023",Use to like this game but with each update it becomes harder to move from one level to the next now it's stressful and expensive instead of relaxing,0,2,candy_crush
1709,Aduve Gifty,"January 3, 2023",Some of the levels are too difficult to pass please do something about it but it's the best game that's stress relieving.,0,3,candy_crush
1710,Quinton Beaudry,"February 10, 2023",I downloaded it for my kid and ended up playin' it myself 😂 Only 3 stars because I'm not a fan of wallet digging mobile apps. But very fun addictive game.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1711,Alex S,"November 15, 2022","I've been playing for years this game Just like everything else lately: ""Let's change something for the sake of changing"". The new sound effects are slimy and disgusting. They make me sick to my stomach playing the game. Please put an opinion for old timers to use the old ones.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1712,Juli Olson,"February 17, 2023",Made the levels hard to pass... now forcing you to use gold bars for extra moves.,0,1,candy_crush
1713,Aishat Opeyemi,"February 7, 2023",candy crush saga is one of the best and inspiring game and cool fascination the booster are one of those things that inspiring especially color bomb pls can I get 30 sec color bomb as a gift everyday 😍😘😘,0,5,candy_crush
1714,Abidemi Omowumi,"January 20, 2023","I love playing candy crush a lot. That has prompted me into updating it. But ever since have been trying to update it, after loading up to 100%,it shows"" can't install candy crush, try again later"". Not once, not twice have tried updating it,it keeps showing the same thing, and am wondering where the problem is coming from. It is Just consuming my data and time.",0,2,candy_crush
1715,Larry Felber,"December 11, 2022","Came back to this game after about a year. It's no fun anymore. It used to be about casual time but now it's all about buying boosts.there was a hard puzzle everyone in a while that was a real challenge, but I've just been through three tiers where every puzzle was a hard puzzle, and it wasn't fun. There is no sense of achievement for figuring it out, the solution is to buy a boost and move to the next puzzle so you can buy another boost. No thanks.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1716,Mason Stegall,"February 11, 2023","It's very good and easy to play sometimes, but other than that it's a good game to play and i recommend that if anybody is seeing this that they should download and play the game!",0,5,candy_crush
1717,Bubbles,"December 1, 2022","I used to play candy crush ages ago when it just came out and it was amazing. I downloaded it again and remembered why i deleted it in the first place. It's just annoying and full of ""watch ad for this"" & ""watch ad for that"". To get 5 more moves you gotta watch 3 x 30 second ads!! It's insane. And some levels cant even be beat with strategy (like it used to), you now HAVE to use boosters. Every second level is an insanely hard level so its not fun anymore. Uninstalling. Forever.",0,2,candy_crush
1718,W. C. M.,"November 21, 2022","Thank you Coin Dozer for the extra dozer Bucks. I made it too level 37 in candy Crush Saga. The game keeps my mind young and some of the levels are really hard but if you can read each move as it drops into place, any person can learn while they earn in these type of games, I'm not money hungry like most people, I do it because I can and I have a Photographic memory when it comes to intriguing games that require some thinking involved... I wanted to wish someone in the Bailey Family a late birth",33 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1719,Cathy Currie,"February 9, 2023",I really enjoy playing this game. They don't cheat or pressure you to buy buy buy. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for some relaxing fun time...👍,0,4,candy_crush
1720,Kathy P,"October 1, 2022","I would give 0 stars if I could! This game went from a really great entertaining game to a money grabbing boring, repetitive game! Nightmarishly hard levels as King calls them but really should be called ""Money grabbing"" levels. Yes you can finish those levels for free eventually, if you plan on playing the same level one million times. Why don't you just make it a pay to play game and call it a day. What a joke Candy Crush became! Time to delete this app!",34 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1721,Sarah,"September 30, 2022","Too many pop up bits in between levels. I have to close 5-6 things if I want to come out of the levels and into events and it's just tedious every time. Otherwise, it's good.",15 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1722,TechWarrior04,"January 25, 2023","Frustrating when you get stuck on a hard level with no boosters, but otherwise a good game.",0,4,candy_crush
1723,Melissa Chapman,"November 11, 2022","Love this game! I've been playing for about a year & I have it on a couple devices. It's challenging & I enjoy the competitions & the fact you can get boosters & win gold without having to spend money on them. By far my very favorite match 3 game, none of the others have come close in comparison",84 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1724,Rita Thomas,"November 5, 2022",Great main game for thinking.It can you focus and alert. You don't have a chance to lose sight on what you doing. Every move is different and exciting. You never know what's going to happen next. You looking for The Rush on what is going to do. It is amazing game I mean it don't cheat you. It's a game that keeps you woke and one team to do more. Once you start you can't put it down. And last for hours and hours. You forget that you have to work. It is a very mine bargaining game that anyone love,74 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1725,Callum Hall,"October 26, 2022","Same old game as I last played it years ago but now it's just a money grab, start the game, play a level, fail the level and pop up, want to spend 2.99? , press the red X, pop up, want to buy more gold?, press red X, pop up, want to get these deals for 3.99 or 5.99, press red X, pop up, struggling on a level? Buy this power ups for 1.99, it's getting really really annoying now, and sometimes I can't press the red X to close down the pop up so I have to close the game down to get rid of it.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1726,Toyin Mercy,"November 20, 2022","Playing candy crush has become really frustrating, it freeze and lags alot especially when data is on. I don't see the point in updating it everytime when the outcome is poor and what's with the new sound. It's annoying.",14 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1727,Amy Bury,"February 13, 2023",This game really keeps your mind going and keeps you occupied. Love it and hate it at the same time ! Lol lotta fun,0,5,candy_crush
1728,S S,"October 8, 2022","Used to be a fun game where I would just relax after work and crush candy. However, it's become pay to play. There are not even ways to watch ads and get lives or boosters like before. And all the levels are hard now? Probably a way to make you buy the boosters and lives. It's become such a boring game. Will be uninstalling.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1729,Ellen Mckerron (Ells),"October 21, 2022",Come on guys!!! What's going on with this game... Too many tech issues... Played this game for years.... Always my go to. But last week or so too many glitches.. You can't see what the tasks are.. Showing as purple dots so you've got to guess what your trying to achieve. Daily booster sticks and I have to shut game down and go back in to move to next level. Sort it out please 🙏,6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1730,Christina Horbinski,"September 14, 2022","Addictive and hard to get very far without making in app purchases. They know what they're doing. All too often you're just one step away from winning and they could have let you but won't give you the right piece. But as soon as you buy another life or extra turns, you get what you need.",17 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1731,David Hope,"January 17, 2023",Been playing this game for awhile got to a level and was stuck on it for three days as I can't afford to buy boosters so I restarted it still as fun as the first time,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1732,Alba Strubelt,"January 9, 2023",Great game. Very challenging. Lots of fun. Great way to pass time. Love it! Good times all the time. Fun times! Yay!!! Fun fun..love it,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1733,Aneesh,"October 19, 2022","Two problems since last update 1. Cannot close or press back the window that appear for same level between games. 2. After watching a 30 sec ad to get more moves, the message was ""video not currently available."" Happened only once though.",4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1734,Daniel Hills,"October 26, 2022",Been stuck on the same level for 3 weeks now. It has become quite clear that to progress any further than this I will have to buy a pack such a shame but I will just uninstall the game I'm not spending money on a game that is set up to force you to spend to progress just to add it has now started giving me an add to buy items after I lose the level that I can only get rid of if I purchase said items,11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1735,Zoe,"December 1, 2022","I love this game I play it when I get a life back I'm always bk on playing , The reason I hadn't rated 5* is due to the fact,I am fed up with the amount of moved you get on very tricky and hard levels and can do with looking at giving the ones that cannot afford the booster packages,maybe give few more extra freebies on boosters for the people struggling financially ?? Overall the game is very enjoyable and entertaining Thanks 🙏♥️",32 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1736,Sivakumar M,"January 3, 2023","I'm at level 5000 for many days, but unable to achieve the target (getting frogs is impossible task, might be some technical issue) Kindly fix the issue",2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1737,D. Parker,"October 19, 2022",This game doesn't appear to be supported anymore. Don't PAY for anything. Buggy and no customer support. They don't reward you for completion quests. Can't reach the community to ask questions. The app just spins or locks up once you've accomplished something or trying to log in. I've lost boosters and never used them. 2 days ago I had 38 of one type and yesterday I had 24. The game seems to have been orphaned?,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1738,viekie shepherd,"January 16, 2023",This is an amazing game. With grate graphics and every stage comes with alot of new features.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1739,AG3ENTD4RR3N,"December 31, 2022","Fun game. You can play for free, but always get pop ups to buy things. So just a bit annoying",7 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1740,oneof akind,"November 11, 2022",It's fun in the beginning that's how they get you hooked but once you get up in levels you only win like one level a month. The game is timed you only win if they want you to win. My favorite is when you buy or win the fish booster but the fish just swim around for 2 seconds but never eat anything 😂,12 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1741,Sally smith,"December 22, 2022",It's a fast moving game at times. I love the strategy it make me use. It helps you to relax and think. Great game to relax you.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1742,Peggy Kohut,"January 2, 2023",It's a game where you can complete levels at your own pace because there is no timer to put pressure on you. It's a fun game.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1743,EMMA ROGERS,"December 7, 2022","I enjoy the game on the whole,but some levels take days to get of unless your willing to spend cash to gain boosters etc. This is not always an option for some,so therefore you are stuck trying to get of and this on occasions becomes boring.",7 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1744,Nashay Worthy,"October 31, 2022",I absolutely love this game but for a week now after I play the nightmarely hard level it goes to a $2.99 booster and won't let me exit off that screen but funny thing is it would allow me to make the purchase but not exit the screen personally I don't think it is fair and has become quite frustrating making me not want to play the game please fix this bug it seems to be a common issue because another review stated this same issue thank you in advance in-app purchases are too expensive,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1745,Leah Levine,"January 15, 2023","I love this game, but it's very addictive if you don't want to be a candy crush zombie then this isn't the game for you 🤣🤣🤣 but seriously very good game!",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1746,Valerie Cook,"January 24, 2023",Having fun there are some easy ones and they will sneak a hard one in and you could be stuck on for about four to six times.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1747,Jo G,"December 12, 2022","It can get annoying with the money hungry mongers known as King. I deleted it a few years back because they stole my 100's of items with a glitch. I just barely installed it again. It appears to be a little better, not as many glitches. However, I'll likely get frustrated again and uninstall. Update: uninstalled again! I get sooo sick of all their ads popping up on everything else that you don't have the option to x-out of you're just stuck watching the entire ad. UNINSTALLED!",82 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1748,Elsie Wandera,"January 7, 2023","Win Glitch - unless I end the game, I'm unable to move forward once I win. Bringing the cheering character and no progress forward...upsetting",0,2,candy_crush
1749,Cecil Fingor,"February 18, 2023",Just play it to pass time it's fun. Gets a little challenging sometimes.,0,4,candy_crush
1750,Melinda Lankford,"January 15, 2023",It's very relaxing and fun and it makes time pass quickly. Great game l love it. They added Space Jam very nice. Easy and fun,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1751,Marcia Mccaulsky,"February 12, 2023",Love the game played it on the coach journey to my sister it keep my stress levels down and made my journey easier.,0,5,candy_crush
1752,Mrs Mavis Nagatey,"February 14, 2023",Nice game but to wait for 2 and half hours before you can play again after you lost your life is too much,0,3,candy_crush
1753,Neurotripsicks,"November 28, 2022",This game is made for pay to play. Starts out fine then you need to spend money to advance. Ive been stuck on level 46 for 3 weeks and it keeps asking me to spend money to advance. Uninstalled. I strongly recommend Bejeweled 3 to this. By far a more superior game that isnt a cash grab.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1754,Barbara “Sexybarbie42” Richardson,"December 31, 2022","Love the game,I think there should be more chances to win items. It's fun and it takes lot of logic at times.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1755,Joan Boyle,"December 24, 2022",Sometimes it's to hard but then you can it a patch that's easy but there is not enough free moves on some levels,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1756,Matthew Adams,"November 6, 2022","No long enjoyable on my laptop. I play this on my laptop the majority of the time. It used to be fun playing this every morning, but now there are more pop ups to get you to buy, buy, buy! And the problem with these kind of games is, they'll let you win when they want you to win. So more of a likelihood you'll buy their candy packages at a discounted price. ""So close, don't give up now."" Candy Crush will literally not let you win, but let you play on with an (outrageous) discounted price?",38 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1757,atanu barman,"January 11, 2023",Winning Combinations are reduced.. Takes a week to clear one single level.. It was nice playing for so many years..,0,1,candy_crush
1758,Lauri Passage,"November 5, 2022","I can't find any directions on how to play, or what the objective is. Alot of games are like that. You just have to figure Out how to play a new game on your own. Sometimes that takes awhile. Other than that, I like Candy crush games. Use the edit icon to pin, add or delete clips.",17 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1759,Lynn Hutchins,"February 17, 2023","I would give a 5, but the pay to win features make competition meaningless and the constant downloads get costly if you have data limits",0,4,candy_crush
1760,PQF Boxing,"October 5, 2022",Too hard. The first levels are good fun and relaxing to play. But the levels quickly get very hard to complete. I got tired of playing the same level over and over and over to try to advance. Boring.,12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1761,Jane Sithole,"October 24, 2022","Candy crush is a very nice and challenging game to play. I l9ve playing it but recently I don't know what is happening, evrytime I win a level, it doesn't go to the next one it freezes I have to restart my phone...hello can the technicians sort this problem out please.",18 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1762,Lorrie Riggs,"November 23, 2022","Having fun playing with my friends and family! Hope more will join on my quest! Lately when I pass a level on the first try, the screen freezes. I still enjoy playing the game. Maybe the update will resolve this issue.",45 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1763,Angela Simpson,"December 13, 2022","I just really enjoy playing this game, some levels are harder so when I complete them it's a sense of accomplishment...",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1764,A D,"October 4, 2022",DON'T UPDATE YOUR APP! *They removed the daily limits for awhile but added them back! This is ridiculous! Don't dictate how we decide to play! They limited your gifted lives now! The rewards when you watch a video never give you the reward after you watch the add too. It's just stopped being fun. Hopefully they change it back soon. The 3 of us are done with the game until they do. 🤷‍♀️,18 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1765,TopiZ,"November 5, 2022","An absolute awesome game! It's very relaxing and addicting! But there is one flaw, you can't play forever since you have lives and have to wait 30 minutes to get a single life. I think they should lower it to 5 minutes which is why I put 4 stars. But either then that, amazing game.",15 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1766,Pathak Ketan,"February 6, 2023","I can't login ""there is no connection"" I use wifi and there is no connection I can't progress my gold race and I lost 45 gold due to no connection lot of bugs there in game",0,1,candy_crush
1767,Purushottam Rathi,"February 11, 2023",Kindly solve below problem. Now a days after update While during app startup music player get Automatically pause. Resolvd above-mentioned problem ASAP,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1768,Maureen Mwaura,"February 7, 2023",The game is really nice It is very fun to play and the levels are also very challenging keeping you busy It's literally the best game,0,4,candy_crush
1769,sanket matolia,"December 5, 2022",When I updated the app I was not able to watch ads for extra life or extra moves. The ads suddenly disappeared like anything. Whereas in my friends mobile it still shows the ads and he can watch them for extra lives or moves. Why is this happening??,5 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1770,Joan John,"October 18, 2022",I love the game. I use it to pass Time when I'm bored. The reason I'm giving 3 star is because of how extra hard the levels are becoming. You can't play the game without any power up. Sometimes even with the power up it's still impossible to play,5 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1771,Cameron Kiscadden,"January 31, 2023",Good way to spend downtime but sometimes the ads for more moves after you run out don't load so I have to restart the app,0,4,candy_crush
1772,Dipu Naskar,"January 22, 2023",This game is good but I think the piggy bank is not so good thing. Because we won level and get gold but no we have to spend money and get golds. Please abolish the piggy bank offer. Respected game developer Sir/Ma'am we also need golds please do something by which we can get golds from hard levels. Sincerely Yours,0,4,candy_crush
1773,Debbie Holmes,"February 16, 2023",Why have you changed the screen rotation I play on my Tablet and cannot play in landscape view Please fix as not enjoyable to play any more as I have to hold my tablet and cannot sit it on bench.,0,1,candy_crush
1774,Kamel Benrabah,"October 1, 2022","Nice and addictive, liked so much in the beginning, BUT.....editors' tactics development to lead us spend our money in silly things sucks! Players know what i'm talking about. Moreover, why did i lose all my bonuses (200+ in level 3639, five years playing) when i cleared app data from my phone? Didn't those supposed to be ""saved"" into my account?? Didn't give any star because game algorithm sucks and ads are ""invasive"". (one star here only to make the POST button active). Really disappointed.",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1775,Thomas Chapman,"January 8, 2023",I broke all the squares and still have 5 moves but it says I have 8 squares left. I took a screen shot of you'd like to see.,0,1,candy_crush
1776,precious Dike,"February 5, 2023","Honestly I call it depression killer, it takes off your mind from disturbing stuff and keep it occupied. To me it therapeutic",0,5,candy_crush
1777,mico kasah,"December 14, 2022","I just want to ask the developers of this game... Did you even play this game? At first the game was great,have so many features and relaxing. But some level is too hard that you can barely win it. I was stuck on a level for two weeks now . I don't think I could win even if I use the item.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1778,Noshabah Shah,"February 17, 2023","This game is like bad, rude, mean game specially for me,my mom play's that stupid game and then she didn't focus at me like some times I need hug because I am 8 years old and I would love to say to the game maker that please delete this game and make talking Angela 3 I am really waiting for taking Angela 3 and 😡😠for that ugliest game EVER! BTW I hate you guys who have given 5 star's to that boring game and like you guys who have given 0 star's hehehehe",0,1,candy_crush
1779,oche paure,"September 14, 2022",This I have downgraded to 1 star. I have been playing for more than 10 yrs. Now it seems it's all them making money. They have taken away all the perks that you can earn boosters Nd gold bars. They have curtailed using the lives you accumulated from friends to only use 20 lives per day. Even though I have more than 900 lives I can use 20. I am looking for other games to play. I'm done with crush!!!,22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1780,Lee Dickson,"October 16, 2022",It keeps crashing after I complete a level or when I try to purchase something so I wind up having to start the level again. It's appending a lot lately. And yes it's updated.,8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1781,Esther Thompson,"January 6, 2023",Love this game. The hard levels are challenging but you still come back to pass the hard levels.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1782,Donald Walker,"January 2, 2023",When you download the app you can't see it on my phone. Why?I deleted the game and reinstalled it and still nothing. I have to open the play store to play the game.,0,2,candy_crush
1783,aisha chinoy,"January 19, 2023",I like diz game but from 12 to 15 days its not contacting to app stroe showing me connection error not connecting to Facebook n email also connecting error no live no booster no race n no king account I do update n setting then also same issue pls I wnt ur help pls solve my problem as soon as possible... Thanks...,0,4,candy_crush
1784,Tennis Ellerman,"February 16, 2023",I've been playing for about 6 years and I was on level 4500 and I changed phones. I can't get my games back,0,4,candy_crush
1785,Faruq Olawale,"January 22, 2023","I really love the game. But recently one can't clear levels easily even with boosters, I'm stucked in my recently levels for months now😒😔😞",0,5,candy_crush
1786,Prince Eke,"December 20, 2022",Very interesting and enjoyable. Overcoming the challenging levels is always my priority.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1787,Harry Reinstorf,"December 23, 2022","Good reason to stay awake a little longer at night . Great fun, even if one is frustrated at time's. 10 out of 10 from me.",8 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1788,Debra Neargarder,"January 24, 2023","It has its flaws but it does keep you on your toes if you don't mind the ads. Not the worst when it comes to ads, but a lot of irrelevancy.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1789,william wilson,"January 3, 2023",They have made games that you can't win unless you buy extra moves . These games appear up to 3 times each series. This is more money grubbing from a company that has made billions off a kids game disgusting,0,1,candy_crush
1790,"Neil “Neil Gush - Realtor” Gush Realtor, Preferred Partners Real Estate","February 5, 2023",Entertaining to play even when you're stuck in a plane and forgot to download movie! Thank you Candy Crush,0,5,candy_crush
1791,Austin Jones,"October 21, 2022",honestly it's quite a fun game while yes at the same time it is frustrating because with some levels I think it's a bit hard with only having a limited amount of turns. but overall it's a brain challenger,18 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1792,Collins Msele,"January 10, 2023",The game is very extrusive very nice game full of competion.This game is different from other since it is unique and it involve the use of brain in play.I realy appreciate this game.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1793,Kim Valentin,"January 11, 2023",I love the game. Everytime I get a new phone I always download the game. It may sound silly but when I play the game...I get a taste for candy .lol,0,3,candy_crush
1794,precious erekaife,"January 17, 2023","It keeps getting more annoying every day. Don't even understand which is hard, super hard, nightmare and normal... Pls do something about it",0,2,candy_crush
1795,morning glory,"December 18, 2022",Best part is NO annoying commercials..Very challenging..cool game!! ..Lots of bonuses too not boring. At All ..love it.,69 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1796,Majesty Digitals,"February 12, 2023",Can u fix the issue of parental control I can't even start the game..... I have uninstalled and reinstalled it again and its still same problem,0,4,candy_crush
1797,A Google user,"February 11, 2023",Super addictive game and always something new to keep you going. Still can't stop playing! Cazy!,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1798,Robert Carter,"December 26, 2022","I assume the problem of getting credit forwatching the second and third vidios has been fixed,other than that it's been a lot of fun.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1799,Vaping Amy,"November 15, 2022","Lives empty? Forward time on your device. Open game. You'll see lives are now FULL. While they are full, go back and set your time back to ""automatic"". This has been a KNOWN work around for long time. Those still complaining about lives? Learn to use Google search. Even with lives cheat, those of us in higher levels are bored. When passing levels becomes impossible, you simply uninstall the game... And maybe a year or two later you ""might"" try again. It's become a game of ""chance"", NO strategy.",18 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1800,Mishka Chenkov,"January 18, 2023","New update is crop, it's now allowing you to use only 20 free life a day .honestly speaking it was better before you guys made these changes. Bring back the old ways where we can use as much free life that was sent to us by friends so we can play as long as we want.the new ways makes no one wants to play the game anymore......",6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1801,Germaine McDaniel,"January 4, 2023","Exceptional can't stop playing, the higher the level the harder it gets. Great",5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1802,Vittaldas Prabhu,"November 26, 2022","Dishonesty and Greed is how this game works. A player never wins, the games decides when you win - gold, special candies and powers available, and ads are criteria that decide it. Unless you are fleeced in various ways including, perhaps, your money, you'd not be able to create a win streak. An appalling game that has been designed not to make you have fun, but self-serving for the greedy game developers. This game doesn't relax you. Period.",66 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1803,Michel Essama,"January 11, 2023","Since the last update the game became too difficult not as fun as it was, difficult to do more d Than ten levels in a row even with the bonus ...",0,2,candy_crush
1804,Katherine Hicks,"February 10, 2023",I had to reinstall as ads would not play for extra boosters. So far it is a better version.,8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1805,Simi Winiker,"January 20, 2023","An ok game, which could be fun, but so aggressively and annoyingly commercialised that it is just painful. Hate it. Uninstalled.",0,1,candy_crush
1806,Jayden Ouellette,"January 20, 2023",It's a fun game really addicting! Just don't like the ads for the boosters and such. They are too long,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1807,Susan Wilson,"February 13, 2023","It's good to keep the brain going, also the the hand, eye, coordination.",0,5,candy_crush
1808,adeyemi bolaji,"February 8, 2023",I enjoy it I just hope some levels won't be so hard. Makes me frustrated,0,4,candy_crush
1809,Klaire Purchase,"December 23, 2022",Having a lot of fun I think you should be able to turn the gold bars into Cash though like once you win so many gold bars I should be able to buy a bigger piggy bank with it,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1810,Miscellaneous Cogitations,"October 5, 2022","It's fun to play, but I get tired of all the pop-up messages between levels Edit: this game is getting ridiculous. They try to force you to buy boosters with actual money by making the levels impossible to complete otherwise. The programmers will never get my money. Don't they get enough ad revenue???",8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1811,Keanezlee,"February 18, 2023","Sometimes the levels are way too difficult to play, other times the levels allow you to destrss from a hectic day",0,5,candy_crush
1812,kitkat21yellow,"November 29, 2022",Having issues with my scrèn going blank while in play. When I get to an ad it does this. Very annoying if in the middle of a game and trying to get more tries by watching an ad.,8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1813,Jerome Vereen,"February 5, 2023",Great challenges and I absolutely love the music. The writers are on point!!!,0,5,candy_crush
1814,Lashell Alade,"December 31, 2022",Too long of a wait after you win. Would be great to get to the next game faster. Already want to shoot the little cheerleader. Shish!,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1815,Sharon Klapperich,"December 5, 2022",Levels are impossible and this sound update is horrible. And there are times have to close out 4 ads of things to buy before it let's me play a level. So slow. Hate playing now.,5 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1816,Kayla Crocker,"January 30, 2023","Very fun, very addictive. Great for when you need to tune out whatever is around you and relax a little.",0,5,candy_crush
1817,Ashley Santay,"February 9, 2023",It is fun been a while since I have played already done so many levels but ik it will get hared. And harder but really fun,0,4,candy_crush
1818,Sara Hecke,"October 18, 2022","Its so fun to play if u have free time!! I love this game and reccomend it to everyone to play!! You don't always have to buy the extras, if you keep trying you'll get the levels... I passed over 22 levels in 2 days..... It's a very fun and relaxing game!!",51 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1819,Maria Broda,"October 17, 2022",Not happy with the update. Why do I have to purchase something I don't want after I lose a game. I won a game then it locked up on me so I had to force stop then I had to win the same level again. Freezes too many times. Ridiculous. Please fix asap,5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1820,abanaka sharon,"November 9, 2022",This game is becoming really annoying and unbearable. Zero fun. This upgrade is making the game less interesting and it keeps hanging and taking you back whenever you wanna level. Why is that? You ain't growing in the levels. I'm uninstalling it right away because it's so annoying now,12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1821,Sneeze Saw,"September 25, 2022",Great fun. The sound effects fit the immense scale of the game. The only downside is I've been playing so much I can't seem to get the musical accompaniment from repeating over and over and over and......whew scary!,78 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1822,MUHAMMED YUAMIZU,"February 3, 2023",This game has become so frustrating...It just cut off while watching ad to get boosters...Do something please,0,1,candy_crush
1823,Claire Watt,"October 18, 2022",Been playing for years but lately there seems to be a bug where you don't get rewards for winning things that are supposed to have rewards. Emailing support just results in a standard auto reply directing you to the FAQs. Guess they're happy for people to not play anymore.,5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1824,Tom,"December 30, 2022","Weekly contest game do not work,no matter how many games I win stay on 1,also my only opponent be someone name Player with a lot of bots with same name,reported it several times,is there any one that can stop player from controlling the game.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1825,Mar T,"September 29, 2022","Not sure why fantastic 5 has been removed. It's certainly one of the reasons why i keep playing coz i get to compete with actual friends (sort of a competition because we see who's making more points), not with unknown players. I hope you put it back in the next updates.....",15 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1826,daniel stewart,"January 15, 2023",some levels are to hard and feels like the game is cheating. Gets boring after playing for a while.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1827,BRENDA IVES,"December 30, 2022",I love Candy Crush Saga! This game gives great bonuses. I play whenever I have down time. Thanks for a great time!,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1828,Katrina Brooks,"November 3, 2022",Mediocre. This game used to be one of my favorites but more recently the hard levels are too hard and take days sometimes to complete. Makes game really not fun anymore. Seems they just want you to spend money and still not pass the level.,19 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1829,Davi d,"February 3, 2023",The game freezes up on me and it feels like I hit a pay wall in the sense that I can't advance without using paid extras.,0,2,candy_crush
1830,Gwen Underhill,"September 17, 2022","Now they have restricted lives so that you can spend 30, 40, 100 tries to win each game so it takes days weeks to move forward. Frustrating and very boring to say the least. Hopefully they will end this madness soon. It has become so boring unless you spend $ you play the same game for weeks now. It used to be good. 😪 Now it freezes when you are doing well and you loose precious assets.",56 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1831,Jacqueline Lowe,"January 22, 2023",I am loving this game I got stuck on a level but kept at it and it does help u out ...I'm now up to 38 ...I play every day gets my brain working .,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1832,Tamala C,"October 31, 2022","Good game.. but...it is very hard to advance if you don't spend money in this game. Also, why is there now a limit on how many lives you can use in a day? The purpose of adding friends is so you can get lives from them. They limited it to 30 originally...now it's 20. All to make you spend money to advance. This is bogus!!! And if you spend any money then that goes in the algorithms so you get endless glitchy pop-ups to spend even more money. Just change the name to ""Take-your-money""game!!!!!",32 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1833,Frank Alinaitwe,"October 24, 2022","worst update I have ever played.. since I updated to this new update it has so many errors, it's annoying because if you want to go to events it refuses until when it feels like, sharing life is another war, you have to press a 10000 times 😡😡😡😡. I have been enjoying the old versions but this is 💩",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1834,Joe Will,"February 6, 2023",Love this game can't get enough of it. I love the challenge it present with other to see who's number one.,0,5,candy_crush
1835,Jenna Hupp,"February 20, 2023",This game is the absolute best game I've ever played. I would recommend it to anyone. Although the sweet treats I see are very tantalizing...,0,5,candy_crush
1836,Jodaundee Dawson,"February 14, 2023",Nice and entertaining. It takes everything off of your mind. It's also relaxing 😌,0,5,candy_crush
1837,kigenyi ambrose,"September 18, 2022",This is the best game I have ever played UpTo higher level .but the only challenge is when recharging.I was suggesting that other options for recharging should be put like the use of phone number account. Some of us we are given hard time to recharge using visa card I will give u full stares when change has been made in recharging opportions .,21 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1838,Odukoya Olalekan,"February 19, 2023",Very good and I'm now in level 13000+ but the 30sec for the ads are too long. Make it 5-10 sec. Thanks.,0,5,candy_crush
1839,Fran Meeks,"January 31, 2023",Brilliant game. Very addictive! Love it! Playing again and can't put it down!!! OMG. Back on the game. Still addictive and brilliant!!!👍👍👍😄😄😄 😂😂😂,6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1840,Kat Doc,"December 17, 2022","Love this game, very addictive. The graphics are so good. And I like that they have ways to win prizes and tournaments that you can play too.",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1841,Debbie Goodwin,"December 29, 2022",There are too many hard and super hard levels in a row. You feel like you can't advance like you can in candy crush soda. Not much opportunity to gain boosters.,2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1842,Banura Immy,"October 30, 2022",At first it's a fun game interesting and motivating to play. But then the hard levels are impossible to pass if you don't play them for a week plus. Thts frustrating. Why make them so hard that makes the game not any fun or motivating to play anymore. Soon deleting it.,13 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1843,Juan Rivera,"January 4, 2023",It was a good game until I was on a 70 sum win streak and the game made me lose it never released the last cherry I even spent most of my gold on moves to see if it would come out but nothing smh,26 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1844,Heather Hurlburt,"September 6, 2022","Hate how much it has changed! Can only use so many lives! You can have 200 but only use 20. Going to have to find a new game to play with unlimited lives! It also doesn't give you the boosters you've earned or the special buys. Very aggravating, after many years... sad to say goodbye.",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1845,Scott Beilfuss,"February 7, 2023","Fun just like the other games, and with some different boosters to make it interesting.",0,5,candy_crush
1846,Jacinda Davis,"February 10, 2023","Tremendous time waster, but good for some mindless zoning... Occasionally requires a bit more strategic thinking",0,4,candy_crush
1847,Brandy Engerdahl,"December 25, 2022","Love it! Better than my windows version, offers ad viewing for extra moves or power ups. Great app",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1848,Johnr Winford,"February 6, 2023","Why portrait only format now, hate it. Much rather play in landscape mode. Not everyone plays on a phone!",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1849,Rekoko Johnny,"January 27, 2023",Great game good for stress. But when you run out of moves that is the only frustrating part of it,0,3,candy_crush
1850,Michael Erb,"January 28, 2023",Excellent. This has been a great game to me. I had a great time on this. I really enjoyed playing it allot. Heard from it from my meetings from Tapestri. Thanks very much for all of this. I really appreciate it. Thanks 👍👍👍👍👍😊💯💯💯,0,5,candy_crush
1851,Ralph Johnson,"February 5, 2023","Very fun and it passes time when your waiting. It could use some more chances to win boosters, I give it 5 stars",885 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1852,Soaga Abdul Qudus,"October 22, 2022","Been experiencing some sort of lag lately in the game. After a level has been completed, the game interface goes blank and freezes until I close and reopen the app. Please, kindly look into this to enable us continue enjoying the game has it use to be",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1853,Shreedevi Kamaraddi,"October 17, 2022",The new version is very slow and keeps on getting struck while playing . Please fix this And also the new version has less rewards and the fantastic five strategy has been removed. No connectivity with friends so it has become less interesting,8 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1854,Linda Killett,"December 24, 2022","It been yrs,since I played Candy Crush... this new one I have,been crushing this game. Thank you Candy Crush,allowing me too have sooo much fun again. I give you a 10#.",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1855,Leona Allan,"December 12, 2022","Love the game and play it lots but if you keep showing the recently added ad for adolescent-looking girls looking for men, I will uninstall it!",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1856,Edriana Nieto,"October 20, 2022","It becomes ridiculously frustrating not to be able to solve a level after more than 30 tries. The algorithm is so precise, enough not to let you enjoy the game.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1857,Kyle Schott,"November 30, 2022",3000 times played a level no hope in passing watch as soon as I make a purchase. Forget it I'm done with money hungry game uninstalling now this game gets worse I have been on a level for 10000 plays I can even group 4 together how are you to pass a level that is purposely gonna make you loose. Loved the game. It can't stand it now every level gets stupider now. now can't win if I stop buying no level should not be made that can't be won with the original moves given or it's dishonest and dirty,29 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1858,Jyoti Ranjan Samal,"December 25, 2022",I play this for stress relief but this gave me more stress. Now a days they reduce the number of moves so that you have to watch ads and get extra 1 or 2 moves so that I uninstall this,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1859,Romeo Salvador,"October 1, 2022","I have read some of the reviews here and a lot of them said they can't pass some certain levels even if they buy some boosters. I've been playing this game for about 8 years now and I'm presently at level 8796. I always reached the very top level at the end of each week since about 4 years ago. Never, ever spent a single cent buying any booster. I don't know what these people are talking about. You just have to learn some tricks as you play and use them to get some free boosters. Save your $.","1,386 people found this review helpful",5,candy_crush
1860,erna meke,"February 4, 2023","It can be stressful sometimes, but its so far the best game ever i never regretted downloading.",0,5,candy_crush
1861,Mari Kruger,"October 15, 2022","I feel like the updates for new levels takes too long. I an finished with all the episodes up to 12725 and now I have to play the king star tournament indefinitely. I am infront in the weekly race but now because I have no new levels with still two days left, so I will lose that race because the updates are finished and had to start on a new device and boosters doesn't carry over. Other than that I love the game, have been playing it since 2012",9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1862,Jennifer Cutberth,"October 19, 2022","Lately I can't get the buy bonuses screen to go away after I fail a level. Very annoying. I've played a lot and not going to quit, but I'm going to pause for a while. Please fix.",5 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1863,Obiadullah Qadari,"February 7, 2023",It's a great game for activating my mind We reached stage 1 080. I have a lot of fun when I play. Thanks for your great program,0,5,candy_crush
1864,Debbie Lown,"September 17, 2022","I'm at level 12,000+. The game has become so difficult that boosters are required. I refuse to pay for games and am done with the ads so it's time to go. When it's no longer fun I can just delete you! Bye",29 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1865,Misty,"October 22, 2022",I have a major glitch in the new update... As I'm playing my goal becomes 2 where you can not tell what your goal is what it is 4 that level..😔 very confusing!!!! It was my go 2 game 2 relax when I was stressed... now it is way 2 confusing & stressful,11 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1866,Lisa B,"December 26, 2022",A challenging way to chase away the winter blues. Different obstacles make each level fun!,0,4,candy_crush
1867,Eyamin SP,"October 4, 2022","Really a Good games, but just a little problem. When i play for few day then they are remove ads, ads make me more and more interesting. I can Complete any level easy and fast but ads are not coming always. Please fix this.",6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1868,Manan Bakeer,"January 4, 2023",So nice and interesting game but all the adds are too much long adds should be mixm 5 second. And give rewards in hard level,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1869,Nathanz Capone,"December 29, 2022",Awesome game...but you need to increase the number of attempts for some levels... and increase the lives to atleast 10 from the current 5,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1870,Nicole Byers,"November 25, 2022",I think it shucks that whenever you get a new phone you start the game over. I was in the 1000 level and I am starting over. Overall this is my stress treatment for a long days work. And having to buy so many gold bars to complete the game,42 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1871,chris89lfc,"October 13, 2022",Terrible Business Practices level 330 proves this. 16 moves for a level with loads of work to do to complete it. The whole game us designed to get as much money out of the player as possible. Just look at the amount of pop up asking you to buy stuff come up everytime you start the game up.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1872,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,"November 5, 2022",In-app purchases quite expensive for the value. Playing free quickly becomes frustrating once you reach more difficult levels. Sometimes the algorithm lets you complete the level but can as well keep you stuck for days there.,13 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1873,Starr Sobon,"February 11, 2023","I used to love this game, I've played on and off since 2013. I hadn't touched it in a couple years when I downloaded it last month, and it isn't even the same game anymore. They now intentionally short you on moves so that some levels can't be beat without spending gold. I've been stuck on the same level for over a day now, playing over and over with different strategies and free boosters... It's impossible to win without spending money, and I can't afford to. Probably quitting for good soon.",0,3,candy_crush
1874,David Wicks,"November 26, 2022","Good game, don't like having to buy boosters; I guess there is a price tag on everything! Still a good game, however the price tag; otherwise you my never play to the end. Still a good game, however there is not enough insentive or reward to the player to continue to pay as you play; alas' costs must be past on to the consumer.",35 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1875,Heart Hackers,"January 27, 2023",This is best game for time spending and also for brain puzzle . I like this game very much but keep progressing this game...,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1876,Zachery Mackey,"February 10, 2023",This game is just soooo much fun to play!!!!! This is the BEST. GAME. EVERRRRR!!!!! I LOVE Candy Crush Saga!!!!! I can play this game all year!!!!!,0,5,candy_crush
1877,Aina Adesoji,"October 27, 2022","I used to rate this app before, but you guys are now frustrating I don't know how one cannot have a peace of mind playing game without having disconnection to the phone's homepage... Numerous times I'll having a winning streak race, you guys will just disconnect one from the inplay game, inwhich one will have to start over... Where is the fun in the game if you guys persist with this unruly behavior.. I'm in level 9000+ presently and I don't mind uninstalling this game right now So frustrating!",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1878,Paska Achora,"January 2, 2023","Very entertaining and quite addictive. When you reach level 1000, it gets tougher. I do love the daily rewards and challenges because it makes passing the hard levels more attainable.",52 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1879,sean hantz,"February 1, 2023","Level 46 - Nightmarishly Hard Level. If I can't even enjoy the game up to level 50, then I'm not interested. Uninstalling",0,2,candy_crush
1880,Huda Ibrahim Shamsi24,"December 20, 2022",Candy crush is one of my most favourite game but now I'm not liking it at all I hated I don't like it.. each and every day candy crush is getting so stressefull hate it... Literally getting so irritated and don't like it..,0,1,candy_crush
1881,Julius Sanders,"January 1, 2023",I do appreciate the game and I do like it although I was interested and to how you get into the game to win gold bars if you actually can,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1882,Rahmon Adeshina,"December 14, 2022","To be candid the game is full of fun, just that there are some level that i will be expecting sugar star but will only give one star. All in all, Candy Crush is SUPERB",0,4,candy_crush
1883,Rosie Belarmino,"January 18, 2023","I love this app and so exciting every played, your brain can train how you can get the same as the first time you have it.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1884,Annie Richards,"January 16, 2023",Fun addictive game to play when you just want to engage your brain a little. Play through mist play for free gift cards.,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1885,ct rohaiza,"November 27, 2022","Rating low. Sudden deduction from points collected. Its hard to go through all the levels to get my points. And when it happen sudden deduction, I lost my trust and not feeling good. Soon will uninstall if I didn't get back my points.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1886,Nataraj Chidambaram,"January 27, 2023","Using more power and battery getting drained fast. Long time use will spoil your vision. I am at 13,177th level now. Do not download and use this app as virus infecting the phone",0,2,candy_crush
1887,Paul Beenis,"February 2, 2023",Wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too many pop ups that you have to close every single time you finish or quit a level. Super annoying.,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1888,Melissa Churchill,"November 23, 2022","After a couple months of playing this game I have come to realize that unless you are spending money in this game, you will not advance. You will not ""win"" anything unless you are willing to pay your way through the game. I spent almost $20 in this game and I was doing fantastic. But once I stopped spending money, I started doing poorly. Now it takes me a week to get through a nightmare level. Ridiculous. I'd rather watch ads than spend money I don't have. It's not fun anymore. I'm done.",10 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1889,Megan Sheldon,"October 27, 2022","I wish I could rate this 4.5/5, but I can't. I live this game soooo much! There are thousands of levels (quite literally, 12,500 I believe) and it's lots of fun. Sadly, as more levels came, the story disappeared. I remember playing it when I was younger and being stuck on level 21/22 of the lemonade lake trying to fill it up...now lemonade like is like...in the level 40s. Oh well. Still fun lol!",9 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1890,Oly Abbott,"January 4, 2023","I believe that if you have moves to go, you should be able to play them. When you say there are no more moves yet there are moves it is a lie.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1891,Anlouise Jones,"January 2, 2023",Love playing this game! Some levels are ridiculously hard but still fun! Plus no annoying ads to interupt game play,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1892,Billie Hill,"October 16, 2022","Loved this game to start with, I'm stuck on level 225 and have been for 3 weeks now attempting this numerous times a day! It makes me watch adverts for more moves then doesn't even let me have them! I'm fed up of being stuck on level 225 the game is a joke 3 weeks later on the same level!",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1893,Cynthia Smith,"September 20, 2022",To me this is the worst candy crush of them all. It was fun at 1st but now I have to keep playing the same level over and over again. You only get 1 spin of the wheel daily and that last only 1 time of play. It gets very annoying. I only play every now and again because you need money to play and actually get somewhere after you get so far.,300 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1894,N.C. Gettler,"November 13, 2022",Simple to have some fun. In app purchases are an option but not necessary. I just spent 1000 bars of gold on 1210 trying to get cherries to generate and will probably use my remaining 600 bars... and when they are gone I will have no desire to waste any more time on a game that will drain people's resources in this way! My hundred and some winning streak will be preserved. But I am not spending money on a game designed to bleed you dry,8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1895,Jessica L,"September 6, 2022",As someone who has been playing this game off and on for the 10years it's been around. There is a reason I always come back to it. It's fun and challenging sometimes but now I'm thinking about deleting it and never going back to it. All the comments here are right the developers are only after your money. For their 10year anniversary instead of giving back to their loyal fans they are now making it to where you can only accept 20 lives a day and pay for levels that are impossible to win.Over it!,13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1896,Kat Frey,"September 13, 2022","Like all ""King"" produced games, you eventually will reach a point where the levels (even the so-called ""easy"" levels) are impassable. I have regrettably spent a lot of wasted money on this game and have uninstalled it from my device.",9 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1897,Constance Majchrzak,"February 19, 2023","Don't bother with this game - if you don't watch ads it won't let you win. If you do watch ads it malfunction and you don't get prize and can't play. Now it doesn't want you to watch ads, 6 hours can't get through ONE level cuz wants you to BUY things to win. All they want you to do is watch ads. Then they don't give prize they promised or it shuts down so you don't get play you watched ads for.",0,1,candy_crush
1898,Michael Freeman,"October 22, 2022","So I'm at a point... Every time I play the level (2154) that I am currently on and do not complete said level I get stuck at the ""try agian"" screen and unable to leave the screen... I have to force close the the candy crush app in order to play again! Please help!",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1899,Catrin Phillips,"December 13, 2022","Extremely fun, easy controls and the timer on gaining lives gives a good break.",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1900,Kirsty Steele (DISK - STATUS),"December 18, 2022","Game is getting so bad now, can't clear levels without paying money now. Given up on the game, only play when I'm bored",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1901,Drowning,"February 5, 2023","amazing game honestly, it's such a easy-to-use and helps you take your mind off other things! I can't stop playing it",0,5,candy_crush
1902,Vitthal Tamgadge,"January 28, 2023",More time to clear game episode lose time not fun.but good for win .booster got very low. Each game require more booster .,0,5,candy_crush
1903,Bob The builder,"December 18, 2022",Candy crush soda is good 1 It is connects to FB I'm not involved with what your seeing. The assignment here with cs You have great advantages to Figure out the line to remove not like tetris but similar.,0,3,candy_crush
1904,Valerie Ashby,"October 4, 2022","This game is so boring anymore. Same old stuff, different day. The higher levels are so hard, if you don't have help aids, $$$, you can't win. I hardly ever play just not fun, boring and redundant! I advise everyone , steer clear. Also the game makes you feel bad for not winning, like your playing against a computer, give us a break. Gaming used to be fun , now it's all about how much money they can scam you out of everyone!",85 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1905,Reethu,"February 3, 2023",I'm not getting ads anymore and it's hard to play like that as I'm currently at a top level.,0,2,candy_crush
1906,Eileen Vallandingham,"October 14, 2022",Latest version forces you to close app. Once you complete a level it goes to a scenic screen and nothing happens. You have to close the app and reopen it if you want to play more.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1907,Kirti Soni,"November 10, 2022","Please can you bring the add boosters again. I want my previous version that have add boosters. Pathetic and fraud game...!!! I've reached level 5655. Used monetary transaction only once. And now, the ""add boosters"" option has stopped showing. I was a great fan of this game but now you've lost more than 10 players. I've asked my all friends to delete it from their phones as well. Nice job indeed Candy Crush Saga...!!!!",20 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1908,Paul SkidZ,"October 8, 2022","Since I installed this years ago it has gotten incredibly hard designed to make you use money to pass levels no matter how many ""commercials you watch (I know it's designed to make you purchase ""candy money"" ) and since I got went from a cheap iphone back to android I thought I would go back and play from the beginning and have noticed that the lower levels are much much harder to play ,,, don't download if you don't want to spend money for candy dollars",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1909,SoccerGirlGaming SGG,"September 11, 2022","Very upset you changed the rules and limit our game play to 20 lives a day😡. Now I have over 100+ lives that I can't use, I lose in races because I'm limited to 20 lives a day😡, there's no option to challenge others on your friends list because the same names pop up each time a challenge can be made. But can we take away the gameplay cap and bring back the old way from July 2022🤨",7 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1910,Sylvester Jader,"October 15, 2022",This App keeps hanging when you come to the end of the game. You are now able to close a proposal to purchase something without closing the entire app. The little X(close) for the advertisement doesn't work,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1911,Ali Vakili,"February 1, 2023","It a fun game for spending time, but every time I start the game my phone goes black and about 10 sec later it becomes responding, my phone is a22 and a13",0,4,candy_crush
1912,Manish Kumar,"January 24, 2023",It's very irritating game after some levels it will start giving very less moves and started demanding money for more moves even magician can't clear these levels with 15 moves .... worst game,0,1,candy_crush
1913,Kokichi Ouma,"February 13, 2023","the developers obviously just care about money and nothing else. there's no way to get gold bars without paying, some of the ""challenges"" are blatant lies. (says it'll give you gold bars, but doesn't) some levels are impossible to beat without paying for extra moves, especially in the 500+ level mark, the life system is trash and just makes people play the game less, and it's just horrible. the core gameplay is fun, but everything else just ruins it completely.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1914,Charles Alvear,"September 6, 2022","The latest update will cause me to abandon this game. Limiting hearts usage to 20 per day is a deal breaker for me, a paying user. Look at how much I have spent this year alone to forecast lost revenue for the coming year. I'm past level 5000 and some of these hard levels require multiple attempts. Why stop me from playing all day? Your loss.",41 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1915,Angel Vi,"October 25, 2022","This game is getting ridiculous. Hardly any levels in which you can pass without using boosters, no gold offered, no race days, so no way to get extra boosters, after switched to a new phone. Now the sales banner after a game won't disappear, so I have to close and open after each try. More nerves than relaxation.",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1916,MARISA LASERNA,"January 27, 2023","Make it fun to play again. Not a money grab! Sucks spending a week on the same level, or longer...",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1917,Berhomey Vivid-vicky,"February 7, 2023",Very fun and help release stress I love candy crush the best part is you can save your progress and play the same level on the machine I love that,0,5,candy_crush
1918,A Google user,"February 16, 2023",Quick playing and great moving graphics good game Always moving forward never in reverse! Captain! 2023 still movin!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1919,Kosisochukwu Ezeodimegwu,"November 21, 2022","This game is bugged They have a stipulated time for you to win each levels. They purposefully hide every game booster until that time reaches. When that time comes, your screen will be loaded with game boosters like: The striped candies Or the lollipop hammer. To assist you win the respective level. Without putting much efforts. They have certain levels that you can't win for days until you use an internet connection or you buy game boosters with real cash to assist you. If you don't use any of this assistance you end up playing that level for probably more than a week. This is done to keep their game relevant, they need to fix this and give the players their true win. Overall the game isn't horrible, if you aren't an observant, alert or a calculative person then you won't notice it.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1920,Umang R Chavda,"January 5, 2023",Game is not connected to Facebook since last 3 days it's always shows connection error. So progress not shown. Also make advertisement short.,4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1921,Betsy Morgan,"October 16, 2022",Some levels extremely too hard and with the latest update I can't the the x button to work I have to go completely out of the app and go back in to try the level over again. Please fix this it's very frustrating.,13 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1922,Eva G,"October 25, 2022","It keeps freezing after nightmare levels. The pop up AD won't clear or let me try again so I have to close down the entire game and re-open it. Oddly enough, it WILL let you hit the purchase button and ONLY the purchase button",6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1923,Ray Wallace,"November 13, 2022","I'm getting frustrated with having to pay real money instead of paying with in-game money to open the piggy bank or get offers. I would like to open the piggy bank or get offers with in-game money. Can you guys add that to the game? I would like that very much. I agree with everyone who have the same issues with me. It's hard to beat levels even with boosters. It's frustrating. Fix these issues, so that we all can relax and enjoy this game. I have uninstalled it until the issues are fixed.",6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1924,Thomas Thorstad,"January 25, 2023","Sorry, but although how great and fun the game can be it loses that fun after you buy gold. In my case I used play rewards and got some free credit to buy a fun package. After that all the advertisement give aways disappear and sadly you can't beat the extra hard levels with our gold or those advertisement extra turns. So that needs to get fixed. So you end up getting stuck and can't move on at all.",0,1,candy_crush
1925,Ashley Whiteside,"January 25, 2023",Easy enough at first but you can't get any kind of real progress or win streaks going without spending tons of money,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1926,Jack R,"December 8, 2022","Since the last update it is impossible to get boosters from watching ads. You cannot ""x"" out of the ad (you can't install the advertised app either so I guess that's a good thing)",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1927,Louis White,"November 20, 2022","LEGAL SCAM ALERT!!! The developers' sole purpose is for you to make in-app purchases for boosters to be able to clear hard levels (which is the vast majority of them) and over time it's literally like setting cash on fire. Many levels I played before were made way more difficult by the developers to decrease chances of clearing them. Board 666 is a perfect example. To be fair, some have been made less difficult, but I found those impossible anyway. This,TO ME, is nothing more than a legal scam.",22 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1928,Rashad Dawood,"January 10, 2023",This game made to let me relax Now it is very stressful with a very hard levels that takes ma more than 50 attempts to pass. If it will still like this i will uninstall it soon,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1929,Erich Fisher,"December 28, 2022",Awful game...it is addictive but all you do is watch ads and you still can't get through the level. BS,0,1,candy_crush
1930,Thatego Mogofe,"January 20, 2023",It refreshes my mind after having a long day . Perfectly working and would recommend this to students who often get bored to install it 🥰,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1931,Raelin Tunbridge,"December 9, 2022","I paid gold to continue and the game wanted to restart and make it so when I went back, I couldn't complete the level I just paid gold to continue. This has happened very many times but I haven't said anything, but tonight I'm upset. This isn't fair. I paid real money off my debit card for the gold I used.",6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1932,Harender Singh Rajpoot,"December 13, 2022",After competing the level game is stucking everytime. I have to close the app & restart everytime when i clear a level,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1933,Alison Sprowell,"October 23, 2022","I love the game but over the last month I am finding the game freezing an awful lot, it's so frustrating as I'm losing time to win challenges. Please try and sort this as I love playing.",6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1934,K M,"October 26, 2022","Lately there have to close out the whole game and restart it because it won't let the x close it (my phone is not the problem! ) Some time it close out I'm the middle of a game, I never had these problems prior to this other than this last couple of months.",9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1935,Gaby Ramirez,"November 7, 2022",The game itself is fun but 1 star due to the fact that for more than a month I have been trying to connect to save my progress and it says I am not connected to the internet when clearly I am!! I even deleted the app and reinstalled. Tried all the fixes people suggested online. I was on level close to 1500....NOT worth starting from scratch!!!!! Developer.... if you are reading....what is going on?????? Please fix so I can play the game and update the review!,12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1936,Big Rich,"February 20, 2023",Very fun stress breaker game... little fun without the addiction... just fun without the drama.. you should try it.,0,5,candy_crush
1937,yousef chapes,"September 21, 2022","A sweet game, at the initial levels, and then it is basically pay to play, they set you up in certain levels that are impossible to pass, that they even look like a glitched level actually.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1938,Cindy Honeycutt,"December 5, 2022",Had 4 different candy crush games and had reset phone they all were erased. And all four were between 550-800 stages. I uninstalled all four I will not do them again that's messed up. I had my phone backed up and done everything right. But they are forever gone!! So good bye candy crush it was fun!!!,0,1,candy_crush
1939,Kelly Shields,"January 15, 2023",So ADDICTED!!!!! Just wish it didn't take so long to accrue enough gold bars to purchase the boosters without money!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1940,M Aamir Khan,"February 10, 2023",Very good game for refreshment and relaxing your mind I am play since 2016 in two different account and both have 5000+level cleared and today I achieve a milestone of 8000 levels 🎉🎉🎉🎉😃❤❤,0,5,candy_crush
1941,Eunice Olasunkanmi,"January 24, 2023","Candy crush is becoming annoying,it freezes when you're playing a hard level and you're about to win,also when watching ads",0,1,candy_crush
1942,Saranya Devi M,"January 30, 2023",Yeah it's well ah good entertainment mind blowing game each and every levels are so creative and more interesting to play race concept is too much creative I think,0,4,candy_crush
1943,Judy settlemire,"February 8, 2023",It's really fun relaxing but given us a daily limited on our lives it's ridiculous allow that you should let us play as much as we want to as long as we got live need a change it,0,5,candy_crush
1944,Shaneita Brocks SR,"January 24, 2023",Super fun and has boost refills but if you're good like me and don't need extra livesnall the time this is the perfect app for you download now.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1945,Angie Kligar,"February 18, 2023",dont like the latest update wont let me play in landscape mode. the whole reason i bought a touchscreen is to play games on chromebook and now i wont play cand crush,0,3,candy_crush
1946,Diana Wilson,"February 17, 2023","Fun, Great that you choose to watch ads for rewards rather than being forced to.",0,5,candy_crush
1947,Colin Gray,"January 25, 2023",This is a great game for improving your mental skills as you have to play the game at least 3 or 4 moves ahead on some of the levels!!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1948,Suzie Durrani,"November 28, 2022","Mostly Great fun and good pass time, please take care of character names, can be offence with the picture choice. Some are offensive. And I will delete my game until fixed. Wonderful! Loving the game Great!",47 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1949,Ala Abu Sbaih,"January 21, 2023",Really fun experience but the boosters don't always work as they should. It feels like an intentional delay.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1950,Timloh Miridashe,"October 23, 2022","Good game i like it so much thanks for yhe the innovative idea. I believe it would be better if you csn give us the pc of the game so that our joy may be complete. More grease to your elbow as we enter another year of innovative games. Next, i think the game should be redesigned to have endless stages in order to keep us more bussy at it anytime any moment for better gaming. See you next year",10 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1951,Kim Russell,"October 18, 2022",I can't exit the buy screen after I loose a level.I have never had to do that before. I can only play 20 levels s day. When I send out lives requests. I am not getting them...This latest update sucks. Really thinking about deleting the app all together.,10 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1952,Esenam Dogbe,"February 7, 2023","It been amazing but the fact that I can't watch ads to get more life after purchasing for the 1st time hurts, so I won't advice you to purchase if you are not ready to continue",0,5,candy_crush
1953,Kayla Danielle,"October 20, 2022",It was fun at first but once you get to the nightmarishly hard levels they are literally IMPOSSIBLE to beat...I've been stuck on level 704 for WEEKS and I can't get past it. There's no way to get over 100 jellies with just 20 moves..it's nearly impossible unless you have a ton of boosters and if you don't have them then you have to spend money and buy them. Even then your not guaranteed to win. To the person who made this game I suggest you fix this or you will lose a lot of players!,17 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1954,Sondos,"November 18, 2022",This game turned stressful when it suppose to be stress relief. Too many hard levels making it quite impossible to win a streak! The hard levels used to fun not impossible to go through Update: oh my gosh this has became an utterly stressful and disgusting game 😩 uninstalled after years of playing !,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1955,Ugboma Onyinyechi Stephanie,"January 25, 2023",It is no more stress free. The game is now full of hard levels than easy ones. Even the easy levels are hard. It is so annoying,0,2,candy_crush
1956,Tamara Bodnar,"January 12, 2023","This is literally the only game I play on my phone. It's lighthearted, yet still finds a way to be challenging ! Overall great game.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1957,Kim,"September 27, 2022","I have always enjoyed this game in the beginning but then as it progresses I always uninstall, as I will today. The levels become ridiculously impossible. I have been on the same one for over a week, even with using my boosters. I know they want to make money, but sorry not off of me.",13 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1958,Ranie C,"September 6, 2022","Increasingly awful. In the last month it's become primarily ads, and after pushing adding friends for the sake of getting lives it now only allows you to accept 20 of those a day to push watching more ad content or paying money. It is pretty well done with as a playable game.",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1959,bethany coltura,"January 30, 2023",Fun and addictive but they push buying packs hard. Make it almost impossible to win if you don't buy something,0,3,candy_crush
1960,Cindy Walker,"October 27, 2022","Would give more stars but I am always being cheated out of my winnings when I pick the ""pumpkin"" which is this months theme. I will have won a few different 30 minute rewards but only get one. I have reported it several times and I get the same platitude answers about how they are always changing and improving for their players. Never actually get the issue resolved.",5 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1961,John Sundar,"December 19, 2022",This app is trying hard to make me purchase pack with money by taking too close to the ending of the level but doesn't pass with its algorithm,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1962,Vidalina Perez,"December 19, 2022","Only need lifetime when you win ,no need to buy,like others game they give 30 minute . Beside that is a good challenge game",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1963,Chukwudumebi Kifordu,"October 11, 2022","Even though there are some levels that get frustrating sometimes, it is still a fun game to pass ti.e with. But you can make the game have a little more boosters for the hard levels though.",16 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1964,Dhruba Ghosh,"January 10, 2023","Candy Crush Saga has improved a lot. Lots of free boosters 😍 Download, play and have fun in your free time.",3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1965,Malavika Viswanathan,"October 25, 2022","There seems to be a bug now in this amazing game. Been playing for years. But today the game hung up thrice, all after clearing a stage as part of the candy royale event. The screen pauses and then I have to clear the app and start again to play the next stages.. please kindly look into it.",9 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1966,Anne-Marie Praseli,"December 18, 2022","Game glitching, bombs out not pleasurable at all. When you busy playing and game bombs out is frustrating.",0,1,candy_crush
1967,Kelly Schmaltz,"January 2, 2023",Best puzzle game hands down. Every level is a new challenge. Great gane!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1968,A Google user,"October 15, 2022",I am unable to close the pop up which asks us to buy something to clear the level. After every game I have to exit the game by closing phone tab and reopen to play another game. It's frustrating.,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1969,Raj Kumar,"November 15, 2022",I like this game very much that's why I give it 5 stars but there is a problem It uninstalled by a mistake then I reinstall it I continue my progress by log in with email that means i retrieve my progress but there is no continue event that means I have to start the race and other events like chocolate box from starting i think this have to be improve.,31 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1970,Valerie DeCarter,"January 22, 2023","It used to be great, now I'll be doing good on a level and it will blink off causing me to lose a life and start over. Been doing this for the last week.",0,3,candy_crush
1971,Aarzoo Malik,"October 22, 2022",Great but it could have been way better if higher levels were a bit easier... it's a game after all should be fun playing right not some place to get even more stress... me too gave up for a week on some 300+ level ... then finally had to purchase stuff from shop of app... please make the higher level ab bit fun and easy !!!,11 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1972,Peter Suluma,"January 23, 2023",Great experience and more fun l am enjoying every minute of this game. I will even make more friends here and bit then with more scores.,0,5,candy_crush
1973,jose linton,"September 10, 2022",I enjoy playing Candy Crush but it's very frustrating when I choose to watch a video and it doesn't load and then freezes. I have to come out of the game completely and start again. Is this a ploy not to give out bonuses?,3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1974,Angela Berrey,"February 18, 2023","Fun, easy to play, great graphics, and great challenges.",0,5,candy_crush
1975,ashley smith,"October 16, 2022",Having issues with the game app. When I claim the prizes I don't see them for me to use. Also its been freezing up when I pass a level causing me to have to close out of the game to come back in.,4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1976,iam8letters,"October 4, 2022",I've just passed 4000 and I find that the levels are far more harder than before. I have to pay to play to pass every single level by purchasing gold or boosters. This is just not on. Will not be spending any more money. Thank you very much.,7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1977,Farah Popat,"October 22, 2022","The new update doesn't even show me what my target is. It looks so confusing now. Also after I pass any level, it freezes so I have to keep closing and entering the app again.",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1978,Cassondra Mayes,"October 10, 2022","I've noticed when you win a timed prize you are no given the whole alloted I'm. I collected and prize that was unlimited for 30 mins and it only last 10 mins. I took screenshot as I feel this is extremely dishonest. What a shame, it's things like this what makes people not want to play the game.",2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1979,Lorna Holliday,"November 10, 2022","So frustrating when you are expecting an ad but the screen goes black and you have lost the level, things collected and I have to reload .not too bad if it is only occasional but annoying when it happens all the time. Please fix it!",13 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
1980,MLJ,"October 14, 2022","Uninstalled! As a console dev myself I'm ashamed to see what mobile studios are getting away with these days. Once you get to level 100+, the game is well and truly rigged. They start you off with a miniscule number of moves to remove hundreds of blocks. This is to deliberately manipulate & pressure the user into spending gold bars for extra lives or to buy boosters. I hope new laws are brought out to combat this practice in the near future. They make a mockery of the entire industry!",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1981,Aliyah Adetoke,"October 20, 2022","This game is an interesting game,but there is a problem anytime I watch an advert to get more moves once am watching the advert it just back it sef that is it goes to my home page on my phone. This has happened many times. Then wen I go back immediately o Then the live is deducted and my streaks wud be back to one. it so annoying",4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1982,Shawn Hill,"December 31, 2022",Today I lost 32 points cause the game kept freezing won the race hasn't given me the points from that . The game has been freezing up alot lately,0,3,candy_crush
1983,vinay shah,"October 19, 2022","With every update the game becomes worst. Now it hangs at ""try agin"" after failed attempt. So many dialogue boxes to click in between restarting the failed level or beginning with the new level.",4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1984,Dale Walker,"November 24, 2022","Fun game with many levels. The advertising is useful for powerups but the thirty second ads leave an unfavorable impression. Uninstalled instagram because of those long and will never order Paramount plus. Shorter ads leave a much more favorable impression. Klondike at less than ten seconds. HBO Max, fifteen seconds. Please advise your advertisers. Update: boycott every advertiser with longer than 15 second ads.",14 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1985,Kennie Lam,"September 21, 2022","Players, don't play Candy Crush, it's waste of time, whether you watch all the advertisements or purchase the boosters, they will never let you pass the level. It's totally cheating. I have never purchased any boosters from them, and I won't do so in the future, it's not worth it. I will spend the money in the happy game not a game which makes me angry.","2,227 people found this review helpful",1,candy_crush
1986,A Google user,"December 7, 2022",Had to change my phone because it broke..I downloaded this and signed in both ways and it's put me back to level 1 ..I'm in the 400ish levels..why has this happened..I've also deleted it and re-installed it..made no difference..annoyed and frustrated,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1987,Lidya Rose,"October 20, 2022",I have played this game since 2014 and play it daily now for entertainment purpose.. so far i always enjoy playing it until recently they changed the rules -- we can only use the life that our friends gave up to 20 lives per 24 hrs??? I have 200 saved lives but only can use 20 per day? I play less now.. mot fun anymore.. they want me to buy unlimited lives... been doing that a couple of times but not going to do it everyday.. too much money to spend for just a candy game..,5 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1988,Musinga Brian,"February 12, 2023",What makes you hold ingredients? Do I always have to play twice in one level for you to release all the ingredients?,0,2,candy_crush
1989,Clara Stemmet,"October 23, 2022","I'm quite frustrated since I've advanced far in my game, but whenever I use my gold bars, the game restarts. As a result, I'm losing both my bars and my one life. I'm at level 1840 a super hard level,but just when I'm about to finish/pass the level I loose my progress,can you please help",9 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1990,Cloyce Vigil,"November 26, 2022","Cloyce is my other half this is sky I've been playing for a while now. On my other games that I play on different devices I have a problem. It's Kool when other players ask for lives but they never send me back any, and I'm always giving no matter what I don't think it's Kool. I don't ask for lives all the time just when I need them? Other than that I really enjoy playing this game it has surprises around every corner 😁",18 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
1991,Krishna Prashanth,"February 11, 2023",Always getting struck while using gold bars for extra moves...game is getting stuck and...gold are getting wasted,0,1,candy_crush
1992,Alaa Emad,"February 17, 2023","Lovely game but why can't I get the 10th anniversary music theme, also it seems to me different mobile gets different features no idea why",0,4,candy_crush
1993,Krazy Kate Jaxsun,"October 15, 2022",Level didn't load all way said I'd failed took ALL my bonus streak 25 away. Took all my extra bonus I started with as well... Took life away as well and I had just beat 14 levels in a row!! ZERO STARS IM GOING DELETE GAME. NOT FIRST TIME ITS HAPPENED. LAST TIME I PAID DIDNT GET ANYWHERE AS NO SCREENSHOT. I TOOK SCREENSHOTS THIS TIME!! Update: updated 4 levels ago this morning as said I had to. It's froze after every level! Takes my wins away!! I've spent almost $20 bonuses u keep taking,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1994,Yana nana,"February 10, 2023","Its a good game, the only problem is i have to go through seven layers of popups before the next level",5 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
1995,Julius kyalimpa,"October 27, 2022",Sometimes after seeing an ad you never get the booster you picked. Also when you win boosters on the Tree topper u sometimes never get the boosters u have won or just 1 booster. What's up with that??? Not fair at all especially if one doesn't have the money to buy boosters at that very moment. It's so so so unfair and rigged game. Kindly DO NOT forget where u came for. U may see it as minor but nothing is too small to under estimate.,67 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
1996,Regina Frye,"October 18, 2022","I have played this game for years, it's changed so much in the last month! You basically can't play and even pass a level if you don't pay! Your limited to only 20 lives a dat now and you dropped the friends competition! So disappointed I can't play anymore without paying!",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1997,Brian Yarp,"September 6, 2022","I put this down a couple years ago and recently picked it back up, and it no longer makes sense. The random factor of the game has increased to the point where moving forward is based on luck. Which can be skewed with money. If I wanted that I'd be at a casino.",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
1998,Judy Upchurch,"January 25, 2023",Their Ads on other games are pain..they wont close.. are repetitive and real tiresome. I will never play candy crush again..too high pressure sales..,0,1,candy_crush
1999,Ana Delgado,"December 17, 2022",Awesome game to help pass some time or distraction. Can cause stress at times 😂 But so much fun!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2000,Kamogelo Masuku,"January 11, 2023",It's a great app that's for sure but the hard levels and the ads on the game are a bit annoying,0,3,candy_crush
2001,Emmanuel Noche,"February 8, 2023","stress reliever game. i like this game. so very good game, what are you waiting for just download this application and try at home or in your office.",0,5,candy_crush
2002,Jackie Butts,"January 27, 2023","Sometimes, I think it's cheating on me, Looks like all candies was cleared. But.. it comes back and make it GOOD!",0,4,candy_crush
2003,Matthew Buchholz,"October 10, 2022","Kind of hard. You can get stuck on some levels for days and even weeks. Optional pay, you can watch an ad or pay for power ups. Overall fun and addictive.",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2004,Lynn Dawson,"January 26, 2023",Use to love this game played for auiye a few years now. On game 3035 imposdible to complete definately not enough lives. Not the game it was. Seriously thinking of giving it up,0,1,candy_crush
2005,Jaleena Scott,"January 2, 2023",My fav game!! I love it when I get further in the game and the stages become more challenging.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2006,Heather Edwards,"September 20, 2022","This game is so addictive and fun...yes exactly, relaxing! I can't wait to go on break at work to play!!! And I usually fall asleep at night playing! The prizes and gifts in the game are so much better and so much more plentiful than they used to be when I played the game when it 1st came out years ago!!!",36 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2007,Dough Boii,"December 6, 2022","Zero out of five stars. Reason: The developers cheat players when their algorithms detect too many wins in a row. What their program does is fast closes the application on the player, dismissing their win streak bonus, and [if doing gold bar challenge] causes immediate loss. Pathetic to do this to players, don't you think? Also, the program bot will ""lag"" player ability to use the store to purchase items during a level when this win streak is detected. Be aware of their deceptiveness, everyone!",52 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2008,Jennifer Piske,"September 6, 2022",Game is now essentially pay to play. They have limited the amount of lives you can have sent to you by friends and the number of lives you can use from your friends per day. Many levels take over twenty attempts. I am currently on 11512 and maxed out until midnight. They have gradually made the game more pay to pay required. This latest change is straight up player robbery.,11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2009,Patricia Meyers,"October 16, 2022","Fun trying to beat the levels 10/16/22 review update: after app updated It kept freezing and I uninstalled and reinstalled and now all my candy earnings are gone. I have no bombs and had several as well as stripped/wrapped, check marks fishes block remover etc etc etc. I spent a great deal this money then update and all my work & earnings as well as alot oft friends are gone. I want it all back",2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2010,Seema Agrawal,"December 19, 2022","With the recent update, the app makes the phone vibrate in a weird manner everything we make a move in the game. The developers should look into this matter",0,3,candy_crush
2011,Mercy Wafula,"November 1, 2022","Yeah I can make to play with other members online because the game is very enjoyable and it also initiates the mind in thinking ,brain storming ,but its somehow boring if you cannot make to move to another level and you are anxious to move.but for me I'm enjoying it to the fullest.",23 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2012,karen tuczynski,"October 19, 2022","Ever since the update, the game freezes on a hard level asking you to purchase 30 minutes plus boosters for $2.99. Even if i buy the extra, the game stays frozen. I have to close the app and reopen it in order to keep playing.",5 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2013,applejam :o,"November 28, 2022","fun for awhile, then levels get impossible and boosters are hard to come by and barely help. they are supposed to be challenging, not impossible. it shouldn't take weeks to beat a level.",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2014,Monica Rogers,"October 19, 2022","Fun for a while, but when the levels are crazy hard it's no fun AT ALL. Wouldn't mind having to play a super hard level a few times but a dozen or more is just a ridiculous money grab. I quit.",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2015,evry1knows,"December 17, 2022","Some levels I'm on for a week, but I'm still at it! After a really tough level I pass. .. I get excited again ☺️",2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2016,Keith f Liebal jr,"December 22, 2022",Best game once you learn all the rules. I got lost in the crushing world many of time. Very good game specially if passing time is your goal.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2017,sanjivani bute,"January 30, 2023","Awesome but can u please stop this ""Junglee Rummy "" ad? Its too much irritating ....please do something .....we don't want to see this ad continously.",0,5,candy_crush
2018,Linda Pitt,"January 28, 2023",Landscape. Why can I no longer play in landscape. I have been playing 11 years now. Put it back.,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2019,KIM FORD,"November 27, 2022",This game used to be fun. Played it for many years before the change. Now no more fun. Way too many very hard levels to beat and way too many of them in a row too. Whatever you guys did was a wrong move. Not that it matters but I'm not playing this game ever again.,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2020,Zwavs Nator,"September 3, 2022","I've been playing this game for 6years and it has never disappointed me,this game to me it's one of the best games ever if your thinking of downloading,stop thinking and DOWNLOAD IT NOW!!! I recommend you download, whenever you're board, stressed or angry/pissed, you can trust this game to make u happy again, forgetting what's stressing you. DOWNLOAD NOW!!!!",37 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2021,Joe Topolski,"October 16, 2022",I have made to level 8551. I have enjoyed playing this game for years. It will now cost me 3.99 to proceed from here and that is $3.99 every time I do not solve the puzzle. it wants another $3.99 each time this will be the last day I play this game it has become a money grabbing scam and it doesn't look like it will get any better from here it has little by little been getting worse each and every day and today it has reached a new low,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2022,Tafu Chanderi,"January 15, 2023",Bad experience whenever we see ad for extra jelly then ad gets completed but jelly is not available then game is out this need to be improved.,0,1,candy_crush
2023,Danelle Parker,"November 2, 2022","I play the original Candy crush when it first came out and I haven't played it in a really long time, so when I saw the new one come out I thought I'd give it a try. I really like the game, the speed in which you can send is fun and challenging. What I don't like is this savings pig that you have to pay to get your bars out of. It won't let you put any more because it's the pig is full but you're sitting there in the challenge field with four bars. But you have to pay real money to get the bars.",12 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2024,Donna Privett,"October 1, 2022",Same problem with this game as with the sister game soda. I lose the internet and have complaints etc etc to no avail. Within the last few days I spent $200 feeding my habit of this game and then the internet on their end went out it is not out on my end and they seem to be unable to fix it. I am unable to get the prices I have earned since the net is down. See other review as well.,9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2025,Sandra Rucker,"January 31, 2023",Loved playing this on my tablet but for some reason it won't let you play most of the ads to get rewards I guess it's back to the phone,0,5,candy_crush
2026,Shantel Keller,"November 23, 2022",Fun but yet very challenging on a lot of them and hard to get past level without buying something. I never buy anything but seems like your rewards are very minimal. Get stuck on same level and can't pass it,12 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2027,Patti Copus,"October 26, 2022","Love the game! Careful....it can be addictive! I wish there was a feature to rate each game. Some are really fun, some are challenging, and some are just lame. But, lots of variety so you don't get bored with it.",38 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2028,T S,"February 7, 2023",It's too frustrating at times I'm sure if I paid money it would take days to pass a level,0,4,candy_crush
2029,Baylin Hartlaub,"January 29, 2023","i play candy crush Sega all the time and I enjoy the game, it's fun to play when you are bored, and also gives my brain quizzes 😊",0,5,candy_crush
2030,angel hubbard,"January 14, 2023",I absolutely love everything about this game the graphics are out of this world 🌎 not to mention the audio!! I'm hooked!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2031,Amit Jain,"October 16, 2022",The game suddenly has a bug. When u start playing the streak of 7..after passing the game freezes in next screen. Need to kill and start game again. Everything works when u restart but still it giving this weird problem.,8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2032,Isabella Lopez,"January 31, 2023",The only reason I downloaded this app is because I wanted to say it's really hard and also it's hard to click the X on the corner of the video and takes time up,0,1,candy_crush
2033,Taliah Grace,"October 25, 2022","For some reason, the app keeps freezing up and the only button that functions is for you to purchase golden bars and I feel like I'm being forced to buy even when I don't want to. Developers, please fix this bug or I'll be left with no choice but to delete the app....🤷‍♀️",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2034,Emmanuel Sunday Ewalyon,"February 9, 2023",The game is hard to play At least they are supposed to be paying the players at list for giving all our time and data to play the game.,0,4,candy_crush
2035,Mbali Msomi,"December 17, 2022",I'm having problems signing in my account so I had to start again from scratch since I can't type my email address and my game isn't linked on my with my Facebook account,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2036,Marvs,"December 20, 2022",This is very Satisfying. No sign of any bugs or so. Luck is what needs to be on your side to make this game 10 times more better.,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2037,Jacqueline Blue,"February 15, 2023","exceptionally, new visuals are great. Great time filler 👍 good 👍gets better the more you play excellentl love good game wonderful greatest, marvelous great help to pass time great outstanding fantastic",4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2038,Adianna Clark,"January 14, 2023",Super fun and relaxing game. There is options to buy items but it's not overwhelming.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2039,Alisa Williams,"January 31, 2023",Why did you all stop the 30mins for booster when you find the suitcase or the box that was a great bonus the game is taking all the advantages that help us win not a good choice,0,3,candy_crush
2040,Muhammad Bindawa,"February 11, 2023","I'm really enjoying candy crush its like i am addicted to it, can't get enought of playing it....it's just superb.",0,5,candy_crush
2041,Paul Omale,"January 14, 2023","This is a very nice casual game 🧡... Seems like it has this potential of being evergreen... Typically for Everyone, infact 💯 Kudos to the developers 🙌🏾",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2042,Mel Hones,"January 31, 2023",Fun additive game. Love the different levels. Never gets boring. Hours of fun with lots of bonuses,0,5,candy_crush
2043,Sandra Hurley,"October 27, 2022","My favorite online game. However it's begun locking up after a game; have to reboot to continue. Very frustrating and it makes it more difficult to win races, 7 in a row, etc.",5 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2044,Keith whitehead,"January 12, 2023",After spinning the wheel and watching adverts I won different prizes but when I go straight to play they're not there can this be fixed.,0,3,candy_crush
2045,Claudia Gonzalez,"November 8, 2022",Really fun and addictive. Only thing I wish... When the game is almost over and you have powerups left on the board-give us credit for all the possible explosions and points left on the board instead of ignoring them.,29 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2046,Tommy Girl,"October 16, 2022",The game is fun but you guys close the game right then and said no more more moves even though there's still a lot of moves to do. Let the player decide to close or end the game if there's no more moves. Need to change that cuz it's annoying.,3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2047,Genalyn Vinet,"December 6, 2022",I use to love this game for a long time but now I didn't understand everytime I finished the level I need to cancel it back to play the next level again I can't touch the next neither the button ❌ above. I give 1 star ⭐ because it makes me piss off. I hope it will work out soon,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2048,Vivya organics,"October 16, 2022","The game has been so much fun but lately it keeps crushing, freezes for over an hour, this started after I had just updated. Also the ads to get more lives have been made so long and at times after watching they tell you video not available and I end up losing my streak. Please work on this",6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2049,Akash Roy,"February 7, 2023","After my first recharge I haven't yet got my gold bars, after lots of doing emails and the results comes nothing.",0,1,candy_crush
2050,joy cullar,"February 8, 2023","Having fun on my lower level, i dont know what comes on higher level, very challenging",0,5,candy_crush
2051,Catherine Tingle,"October 24, 2022",When you don't complete a level it recently started to not allow you to exit the screen to try again. You have to close the game completely and reopen the app to move on. Not sure what caused the glitch,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2052,Prahlad Gupta,"January 27, 2023",This game is very interesting for all of people because in this game many puzzling things are. This game never be end when we play this game we get a lot of fun and good thing is that this game can play all people. This game attracts towards own. With this game our thinking ability increases and this game is totally fulfilled with enjoy...,22 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2053,Raven Sayer,"December 27, 2022",Love Candy Crush!!! It never gets boring!!! Also love the graphics very bright and colorful!!! Thankyou!!!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2054,Karen Massey,"December 14, 2022",I love this game. It's great and helps pass the time but it is addictive. I love the chance to play against someone. It's satisfyingly fun.,4 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2055,David Wildey,"September 7, 2022","Disappointing when a fun game becomes impossible to complete a level in an attempt to force you to make a purchase. A challenge is fun, not frustrating levels.",7 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2056,Z S,"January 3, 2023",Have to destroy 112 blocks in just 12 moves. The ad function is working but the booster doesn't load at all? What trash,0,1,candy_crush
2057,Brittany Everett,"November 14, 2022",It was really fun at first but than after awhile the levels get extremely hard. I don't pay for the boosters but I do watch a lot of ads. Sometimes it takes days to pass a really hard level.,11 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2058,Charlie Brown,"January 23, 2023","Game keeps screwin up, now can access my gold bars or the store, always does this when I'm on a streak so I lose what I've built up, smh.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2059,Ashley V,"December 29, 2022","I have to give only 1 star because every level I play, the stupid weekly contest pops up and I have to exit the pop up before I can continue playing",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2060,Sharon Johnson,"September 22, 2022","OK game but a friend can watch videos, I can't. Doesn't seem very fair. She also has cc a ferris wheel for boosters again I do not. How fair are the races when some players have an advantage to just watch videos and get extra moves to finish the race faster. Probably won't play this for very long. Some people have an arsenal of boosters from these videos while others have nothing. PROBABLY SHOULD HAVE BEEN 1 STAR, I WAS GENEROUS.",11 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2061,Nelly Fridah,"September 17, 2022","This game has become the most annoying of all. You people fail me by force , I've been on one level for a week. When I don't need ads for extra moves that's when they're offered to me !!! Is it possible to give half a star😂😒😒",12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2062,Omo Oshun,"October 25, 2022","It's most definitely a reliver when stressed BUT it's been lagging, not letting move or press back. It stays stuck, I have to either clear cache or uninstall to work, which cleared all my lives. It's annoying to have to go to through a whole process to get back in the game. Not worth the time.",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2063,Coby Williams,"September 21, 2022","There is a glitch on level 1884 for me (not for others) where there are missing cells. Have confirmed against 3 other players. Sent issue with screenshots to developers and got a generic 'install latest version' Message which I had already advised I'd done. Because of missing cells, cherries cannot pass through and therefore I can no longer play the game. Will happily change my rating from 1 star to 5 if developers actually look at my issue and resolve",13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2064,Dave “zephyr79” Cantrill,"January 4, 2023","Constantly crashes, logged me out & won't let me log back into my account via Facebook so I had to restart, used to be fun but now it's lame.",0,1,candy_crush
2065,Mercy Rusere,"November 20, 2022",I am having a great time playing this relaxing and soothing game. There are some challenging levels but with a little help from boosters l am making it through. Thank you for adding more challenging levels,29 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2066,B C,"December 1, 2022",What happened to the extra moves the game used to give after failing a certain number of times on each level? The app updated a couple days ago & there are no longer any extra move boosters... Anyone else experiencing this issue?,6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2067,Cassylove 237,"October 22, 2022","Gave it 5stars before, but after the update, it got horrible. Freezes everytime I complete a level, and only becomes active after a long time. Some buttons also go inactive sometimes.",2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2068,Oh My Glob,"October 21, 2022","Same as everyone else is saying - when you fail a level and it says you can buy stuff to help, the box just won't go away. I have to quit the whole game. Why aren't the developers listening it's so annoying. I am uninstalling because it's such a pain I can't be bothered with it.",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2069,Adam Vass,"October 18, 2022",As others have mentioned since the update the game as become unplayable. You can't get past the offers unless you turn off your phone and only then it only allows you to play 1 level and it crashes again..,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2070,Nim H,"October 27, 2022",The page after losing a game gets stuck. Game keeps freezing on purchase page and back button doesn't work. Need to keep closing and reopening the game. Very frustrating. Fix this new bug please,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2071,Shadrack Kioko,"January 2, 2023",Best and challenging game if your up for the challenge especially the hard levels..,3 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2072,Edwin Jovellanos,"January 11, 2023",It's difficult but I enjoy to play using all booster. And to all my friends dat gives me a live and Xtra moves. Enjoy everyone stay safe God bless to all of us amen.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2073,arin (teli),"December 6, 2022","The game would be much better without constant ""buy this!"" ""buy that! "" throwing in your face every 2mins I mean come on!! I went here just to relax for 5min,not to spend all my salary on fkng generic 3in the row game, calm down please!! I love there's an actual difficulty, but some levels are feels so much ""pay to win"" for me and explosions are too weak, not satisfying at all",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2074,michelle Jensen,"September 5, 2022",Ita not fair that everyone that plays doesn't have the same extra stuff. Like a few family members have things like they can get extea moves after a board to try to beat it and extra ways of earning special stuff to help them win a board. And now it like tou have to pay to win or if you ever have paid the price goes up. And the special thing that you can win stuff on like climb thingy i seem to always lose my stuff. ready to un install. 🙄 use to love this game. Use to be a stress helper,9 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2075,Kim VanTroost,"September 12, 2022","No fun anymore. Putting a cap on daily lives has made me hate the game now. Used to play all day and now I can't. When I sit down to play candy crush, I want to play more than 20 lives. I'm in the 12ks and you can't pass most of the levels in 20 lives. Will definitely go find another game to replace candy crush.......",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2076,Kimberly Cosme,"February 13, 2023",Great game. Just needs to ease up on the levels that are hard.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2077,evelyn addae,"January 15, 2023",I just love to crush candies. A very good game to relax with when you are stressed. And my number one companion when travelling,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2078,Josephine Ajado,"January 7, 2023",It use to be the best game but not anymore since when the game can pop off itself when playing it that will cost you to loose lives and gold bar,0,3,candy_crush
2079,marcel wiggins,"January 22, 2023",Very fun game. Like how you have to make almost all perfect moves only on some levels.,0,5,candy_crush
2080,Chereese Thibodeaux,"January 31, 2023","The candy crush saga game helps excersize the brain strategy and different techniques, it mentally helps alot.",0,5,candy_crush
2081,Tina Brewer,"January 23, 2023",What is going on with the daily boosters I'm getting a message telling me sweet events coming soon this has been going on about 2 weeks I'm not playing until you fix this.,0,1,candy_crush
2082,Md Nannu,"January 22, 2023","I play it for a long time but nowadays I see that Ed is not giving ad, because of not giving ad, many difficult things face to face and we have failed",0,2,candy_crush
2083,Dhiman Dey,"October 31, 2022","Before update it was used to be fun playing this game , But now it's just time waste & also frustrating. It's says that it's stress reliever but in reality it's opposite, instead of strees reliver, it's stress gainer, I really don't know what's the developers are thinking making it so much difficult. I am really disappointed in this game",10 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2084,1234evana,"September 5, 2022","Look. This game is fun, it's addictive, it's relaxing. However, it gets to a point. When I can no longer pass a level for four days straight without feeling pressured to buy boosters and buy my way out, that's when I have issues. I don't mind the ads. I get it, gotta make that cash. However, I now often feel frustrated that I can't pass a level, especially after being completely unsuccessful. It's Candy Crush, not an extremely difficult, brain puzzling, strategy game.",0,2,candy_crush
2085,David Alkire,"September 30, 2022","It was fun for a while. Gets to the point where you don't pass levels if you don't buy stuff. Too many instances of failing a level just 1 move short of being able to win. Lots of wasted time playing the same level over and over again. When players become aware THEY are the product, the game loses its luster. Just another slot machine/skinner box",0,2,candy_crush
2086,Savannah M. Betten,"October 15, 2022","Game is fun to start, but at later levels becomes annoyingly frustratingly difficult unless you spend money on boosters. I would have to play a level 20+ times and just get lucky to get past it. At that point it's no longer fun, so I uninstalled. I just can't afford to blow money on a mobile game. (And I wasn't going to review but I keep getting ads asking me to come back. I do miss the fun parts but not the frustration)",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2087,Amberlee Doering,"October 9, 2022","It keeps me entertained for hours, and the levels don't increase by difficulty to much each level witch is nice.The game is great in my opinion because the difficulty is still the perfect amount that the levels are not impossible but still challenging. 👍",15 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2088,Tinashe Masodzi,"January 31, 2023",Its my stress relieve i love it im kida addicted to it lol... But sometimes its not fair been stuck on level 235 for a week now its like impossible to win no add options,0,4,candy_crush
2089,Mary Stanley,"February 10, 2023","When I first heard about Candy Crush , I thought it was just fun for kids, but I love it and I am literally just addicted to it now.",0,5,candy_crush
2090,Aavula SaiRuthwik Vamshikar,"September 17, 2022","Game is well but,I request the team of management of this candy crush saga to look in to the issue which arises when we change our device! We loose all our boosters when we change our device and login our candy account into another device and along with this it would be more useful if you guys give a search option to go to the levels which we've already cleared. I hope management team of candy crush saga solve this issue and provide go to level option in your next game update. THANKYOU",7 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2091,Lisa Steel,"January 25, 2023",it just keeps loading and loading for 3 days.. I'm about to delete.. Watched a ad and all I got now is loading & thx for watching,0,1,candy_crush
2092,Richie Rich,"October 18, 2022",Been playing this for a pretty long time now and you guys F'ed your game up big time..... lowering the amount of moves per level and forcing adds down your throat constantly. Adding more and more paying options while decreasing the odds to win a level... nah thnx,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2093,Emma Bolton,"October 13, 2022","Candy Crush was probably my favourite game to play on mobile/tablet, but the levels have become too difficult to pass without having to pay the makers of the game. Not much fun anymore, just frustrating. Definitely rigged.",4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2094,Ronnie Moore,"December 22, 2022",Good game challenging. Lots of fun especially rewards and races..with players at your level.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2095,Sheri Wilkinson,"October 23, 2022",I love this game but did an update not long ago and now I play a level and if I don't pass it pops up with options to buy and I can x out of it. Won't let me get back to the game. I have to restart my phone every time and it's annoying!,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2096,Rafael Souza,"September 25, 2022","Quite excellent playability and smooth operation. It crashed just a couple of times without prior warning, but overall my experience has been great.",25 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2097,Naledi Morwalle,"October 20, 2022","Definitely not a free game, as several attempts are made for you to spend money and as you get to the levels above it is impossible to win the levels, plus sometimes you buy or win boosters but they do not load yet money out of account.",1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2098,Vinod Chadha,"October 3, 2022",The super hard and nightmarishly hard levels are too difficult make them little simple and in some levels the chances are less increase them as otherwise fun is lost. A person plays for relaxation and not vice versa. Reintroduce the F5 ( fantastic 5 ),9 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2099,Nancy Fuller,"February 9, 2023","This game manipulates when you lose or win. When you clear a color some of them are not cleared thus spending more on trying to clear the objectives. Then when you accumulate more gold bars on the next level it shows your status as empty. It manipulates you into to spending money to get to the next level. Or it will state you have no more ""lives"". Do not play this game!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2100,Samuel Waweru,"January 7, 2023","Nice game, keeps me busy on my free time . The aim for the highest level addicts me anyway and hence always willing to play the next level",0,4,candy_crush
2101,Guitarist Anutosh,"January 31, 2023",Please fix that ads issue... Even after watching an ad it shows video unavailable and I don't receive my reward.,12 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2102,Hormorwhnumy Hardheshewa,"January 24, 2023",I too much in love with this game like this is my best game it's just that like mouths now they have not been showing ads please help us with that so it can be more fun to play,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2103,Phil Lemire,"November 4, 2022",So.. fun app but don't spend money. once you do never again will you get an option to watch video for boosts again. Levels get really tricky unless you have a winning streak and boosters to use. Game algorithm knows when you've spent $ and steers you to spend more..,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2104,Hershel Lollar,"September 12, 2022","Out standing changes that was worth waiting for I've made it to level 4532 , they kept trying to make it better than it can be done, I've never spent a dime on it yet, don't always take the suggestion move that's showing up on the game,I like trying to find the other moves,",9 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2105,Alexander P,"December 17, 2022",Very addictive and cheap game to enjoy. There's no need to shell out money to win levels.,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2106,Glenda Cash,"November 18, 2022","This is a really fun game. I get a bit carried away when I play...I can't seem to stop! The boosters are great, as well as the graphics! Time passes so quickly when you're having this kind of fun!started playing again. The new additions to the game are great. Still fast paced game, new music, great fun!",106 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2107,Tony Andrade,"January 17, 2023","They make you pay to pass levels, the premise is swipe the stress away but there are some impossible levels like the 260 I'm not paying for boosters",0,1,candy_crush
2108,N. C. Leissner,"November 11, 2022","IT'S FUN ,4 stars because there are glitches but if you complain enough they fix them: if you update sometimes the game goes haywire and eliminates your standing? Several months ago the commercials would freeze, had to close and end game- that's annoying.",17 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2109,William Atkinson,"October 15, 2022",Love it still! After not playing this game in years due to the difficulty as u progress lol. But for real though I love it even more cause it's challenging now that I've grown up since the time I was playing when I was in teenage period. Now I'm almost 30 and actually think this game is therapeutic,13 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2110,Tina Dugay2023,"February 14, 2023",I'm always installing and uninstalling this game freezes ALOT!!! IT WILL TAKE AWAY YOUR GAMES IF YOU'RE NOT SPENDING MONEY.😡,0,1,candy_crush
2111,Dolapo abbayomi,"October 26, 2022","I gave this game five star in 2019 but honestly after the last update, im giving one star 🌟. The game keeps hanging and its so frustrating because i had to keep closing it entirely and open again!. At times, i had log out and in again before i can continue. Every new update should give us new good experience not this kind of frustrations im getting!",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2112,Robyn Ricket,"November 13, 2022",Ads that render the game unusable. Screen goes blank and the only way to contribute is force stop the game and lose the current game you are playing and the points accrued. Frustrating. Not worth downloading when it behaves like this.,16 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2113,Shirly Baloi,"November 27, 2022",This game is really interesting and you may get some tough levels that make you want to quit but you actually end up continuing the game to see your ability to fight that level and it give you time to think every time you run out of hearts✨,28 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2114,Mohd Fayazuddin,"December 16, 2022","Hi team, Appreciate the game DevOps team and other members. Subject: Streak lost- application error. I was playing this continues since a month and had a streak of around 100 but unfortunately the streak breaks by system error. Now there is no reason to continue the game again. Thank you",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2115,Theobladeo,"January 8, 2023",So so so so many popups. Always puts you in a race against other people even if you don't want to. The game has become ridiculous.,0,1,candy_crush
2116,Malose Molokomme,"January 15, 2023",Wonderful graphics. Very enjoyable and addictive. It keeps on saying come back.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2117,Patrice Smith,"January 12, 2023",This is the 3rd time i have purchased something and its not correct. You dont get everything you advertise in your purchase. Im done im deleting this app,0,1,candy_crush
2118,Shannon,"October 27, 2022",Fun but the levels are getting too hard. You have to have boosters or buy items to pass levels. Also the bug not receiving my prizes is annoying. If you have full lives and level up and get 5 free lives you lose them if your lives are already full. Please fix it. Actually I haven't been getting free lives when I level up all week? Fix that too pls?. Customer service is good check your email if you message them.,11 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2119,Montgomery Richmond,"December 27, 2022","A lot of fun, but it becomes a ""pay to win"" game at a certain point. Many later levels are impossible (or nearly so) to beat without added boosters. You can watch ads to get extra moves, boosters, etc., but let's face it. I'm tired of watching ads all the time, and I'm not about to start paying for the boosters. The game would be perfect otherwise. I got my enjoyment out of it but I'm about ready to move on.",0,3,candy_crush
2120,Mango Donut,"December 16, 2022",This is a very fun game it's super addicting and could keep you busy for hours and you could also play offline I totally recommend installing this app👌,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2121,Teresa Green,"November 5, 2022","I absolutely love this game, its so relaxing and fun. I am playing on the. Coin pop app so I'm earning coing for cash, that really does pay out. I'm not really concentrating on the coins I'm playing for the fun and to beat my last levels. Definitely worth installing on the coin pop app, it doesn't take all that long to claim and send to PayPal either. Tha ks so much for such a good game.",39 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2122,Marcella Nelson,"November 26, 2022","Please put an option to say that you are an experienced player and you do not need a tutorial, because I'm tired of going through the tutorials over again because I signed in, played for a bit, deleted the game, got it back just now yet it still restarted me with the tutorials and I'm sick of it.",4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2123,Faryal Ansari,"September 20, 2022","Level 2531 is not working properly... I uninstalled the game and then again install it but nothing change in this but I show on Utube that proper board is not forming in my phone I don't know why, due to which I loss all achievements till now 😢😢 ....plzz try to resolve this issue",13 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2124,Rachel Milbury,"December 8, 2022",Love the game! Play it a lot!!! I don't like how sometimes I can watch an ad and get a booster at the beginning of the level and sometimes I don't. I'd rather not have that option as it is not fair to not be able to watch an ad on a harder level!!!,3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2125,Elizabeth Walker,"September 29, 2022",Sme of these boards are hard and take onthst beat. They should change the board to easier board after the 4th try. Board 2453 is so hard and need absolutely more lives tha what it has to complete the board. Otherwise the game is fun and relaxing.,19 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2126,Veronica Garland,"February 4, 2023",Helps my child with ADHD keep calm and focused. Very easy to play.,0,4,candy_crush
2127,Ratna Nag Sarkar Parthib Nag,"October 19, 2022",The game is so far and good in my opinion but one thing that had disappointed me that is after reaching any level or when the level ends it automatically got stuck I had check that my candy crush is updated or not but it is updated...so please fix this bug as soon as possible..Otherwise The game is good..,8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2128,Pauline,"December 21, 2022",Been playing since 2013. Was all the way to 596 but I changed devices. Now I am starting over I am at 39. Loving it!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2129,Kirsten Blaising,"September 23, 2022","Love the game, hate the constant ""crashes"" when you can't continue a game as the app contacts the ""app store"" to allow you to use 10 of your 650 coins. Somehow, you can't access your coins, the app spins while ""waiting to access the app store"", then times out and you lose.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2130,Phillip Hamm,"February 16, 2023",I really like this gane its fun and you always win cool rewards to help you later on with harder levels,0,5,candy_crush
2131,Pat king,"September 4, 2022","I've been stuck on game 662 for what feels like forever, no opportunities for extra moves by looking at ads. With only 14 tries to get rid of total of 150 candies it is impossible. And I refuse to buy anything. This is no longer fun. You are forcing me to buy time and gold bars and I'm Not going to! PERIOD Still on 662.",72 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2132,Ashlee Ward,"October 15, 2022",Game keeps freezing after every level. I am passing levels and then it appears to freeze with a background and nothing going on. I have to close the app and restart every time to play the next level.,3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2133,Margaret Waclawsky,"January 17, 2023",Really disappointed in this game lately. Over 3 weeks of playing the same 547 level without being able to win the level. What have you done to ruin this game???,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2134,Mohammed Muqeeth Rahman,"January 18, 2023","The new musics are all jumbled, previously it was much better. Not so fond of the new update. It's a disaster!",0,1,candy_crush
2135,Imizhda Queen,"November 2, 2022",The game is completely entertaining. I love the game and addicted to it. But I hate the game from one side because I have completed 2690 levels but still in my profile it is showing 1000 please update the level as 2000 in my profile too....I am waiting for thw concerns response. Thank you.,40 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2136,Tara Giangiordano,"October 17, 2022",Recent update is a mess! After losing a level an ad pops up and the X to close it doesn't work so I have to force close the app and go back in. This is getting old.,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2137,J. Laundry Repair,"October 27, 2022","Overall a decent ""time occupying"" game however every time I go to watch an ad for a booster ECT. The app shuts down after I watch the ad. ANNOYING!!!! Not to mention I don't receive the boosters in which I just sat through the ad for!",2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2138,sumit pandey,"November 27, 2022",Poor pathetic game As you go on higher level the games goes harder with less moves. It was suppose to be a stress buster but this game gives stress itself. After every 2 level there comes a level which takes ages to pass,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2139,Huziy Bunx,"January 4, 2023","I love the game but some times when am playing offline the offline notification keeps on ruining my game 🙄🙄,so try to fix that and I give you 5 Stars",0,3,candy_crush
2140,Ann Ikemefula,"October 26, 2022","My go-to fun game. But recently too slow, lags and freezes, sometimes just goes off the level you're playing and lose all boosters. Now I can even upgrade, not completing the download. Pls do something about this.",2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2141,Ruth Torres,"October 16, 2022",For the past couple of days it's been freezing and it's very annoying. I have to completely force stop the game and open it again and it still does it for every level. VERY ANNOYING Soon I Will DELETE IT FOR EVER,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2142,Johnny Chaz Maiya,"December 25, 2022",This app is so relaxing and satisfying and really needs 5 stars.....idk y it's not the top game on the chart....anywayss keep up the great work Candy Crush,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2143,Michael Williams,"November 20, 2022","The game used to be playing and was alright until they started screwing with it. If it works don't fix it! 👎On top of that between changing phones with account was supposed to be saved, but was lost and starting over sucks 🖕💩SUPER UNCOOL!!!!!!",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2144,Bonnie Rose,"December 25, 2022","Okay, not great. Easy at first then becomes too difficult to win without spending money.",1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2145,Robert Vercellone,"October 30, 2022",Game is nothing more than a money grab. Expect to pay a lot of real money to play once you get into the tougher levels. I'm deleting this because I'm at a point there is no way to win without spending real money. A few dollars here and there I could deal with but a few dollars won't get you far. Shameful how greedy the devs are. Got 2 stars because it was fun to play early on.,8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2146,Jhonny Joe,"September 14, 2022","The new color scheme is so distracting and i cannot stand it. If it is not reverted i am afrsid i will have to stop playing. It is sn eye sore and horrendous. Whoever came up with the idea, needs to be fired. I want the normal colour scheme of the app snd candies back. Thanks.",18 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2147,Adenike Adedoyin,"February 6, 2023","I tried to buy gold bars, I was debited twice buy I didn't get any gold bars. I was really in pains for days. No one should buy gold bars",2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2148,Mindie Dowdle,"October 22, 2022",This latest update is ridiculous. Every time I pass a level the screens freezes. Have to close app and reopen. Not that huge of a deal until you are playing candy royal and you win the pot at the end and do not receive your gold bars. I want my gold bars I won. Fix this so I will play again,21 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2149,Tammy Simon,"February 18, 2023",There are boards that are challenging to figure out how to clear. This game makes the time go by fast.,0,4,candy_crush
2150,Aura Lace,"December 6, 2022","Since I updated the game,it's disappointing ..game is not the same ugh.. takes away the added moves even after you have watched an ad says it will give you moves ,watch ads for nothing sometimes freezes on the ads still takes away your moves .. oh an the music is so yuck boring elevator old 😴 I should not have updated it grrr",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2151,Preeti Kansal,"January 11, 2023",This is a fully timepass game I really love this game because it makes me happy when I was sad just that because it's level are so easy and when I turn this level it makes me happy that I am able to solve brain riddles this game is very boring when I started to play buy crossing its level I am very happy and I was not just i am a girl like a but this game feels me like a genius girl I was too happy to play this I do my basic time pass with this but however I have to concentrate on my studies,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2152,Kim Schell,"January 14, 2023","Grate way to passthe time and the game has no advertisements, and great challenges thank you.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2153,harish ahuja,"January 2, 2023",I love camdy crush very much.... but i m stuck on the level nightmarishgly level 532 which i was try since last week but the level is not cross still coz its frog is not blasting with any thing even saga also.... plzzz help guyzz what to do...,0,4,candy_crush
2154,Shirley Jones,"September 26, 2022",Excellent game. But I use 2 play this game many years ago. Probably when it first came out. How exciting 2 b able 2 play again from the start.this is just a connect the items but the items have 2 be the same. 3 or 4 or 5 of the same suit. Easy peasy. Child's play.,19 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2155,Stacey Allen,"January 14, 2023","I just paid £8,99 for a package then the app froze without giving me the package. I will not pay Again until I am either refunded or the package is supplied. Very disappointed",0,1,candy_crush
2156,Tennis Coach,"November 30, 2022","Like many games, you can play past a number of levels, then they make it very difficult to proceed unless you buy aid items. I've uninstalled this.",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2157,Katherine Colon,"January 19, 2023","Enjoy this game very much, still trying to understand how to unlock stuff with the conductor, but overall enjoy playing.",0,5,candy_crush
2158,Therese Quirke,"October 24, 2022",Clearly there's a bug in this app. If you cannot pass a level the app is freezing. So bloody frustrating I'm on level 4500+ and only in the last couple of days this is happening. Please sort it out,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2159,Christen Milligan,"February 3, 2023",Addictive game and lots of fun! The best game I've ever played as far as mobile games go.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2160,Nancy Garten,"October 26, 2022","It's a lot of fun but it's crazy on the about of moves you get, it takes longer to get through a level because of this, and still don't understand why they limit the lives you can play that your friends send you.",26 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2161,Shirley Maclean,"December 8, 2022","Frustrating the last few days, istart a game and it immediately closes that game and starts another, using another of my lives. I reinstalled yesterday but it continues the problem today. I'm reinstalling, but please fix the glitch.",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2162,Jenn Failla,"February 14, 2023",Good way to pass time. Levels become harder to beat but not impossible,0,5,candy_crush
2163,Richard Kaminski,"November 17, 2022","Playing since 2nd April 2022. Much less fun since level 5000. Game now seems, more so than before, to want player to spend $ to win & advance. Also, never got 5000 level banner, that sucks. **UPDATE & 2ND DOWNGRADE**: After updating, logging out & back in & playing over 100 levels past 5000, still no 5000 banner. So, pretty much done with game unless I am stuck somewhere & have nothing else to do.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2164,Tracy Goddard,"October 20, 2022",It keeps sticking on the page you offer bundles. It won't exit out. I was forced to buy a bundle just to exit!! Every game sticks. Have to power phone off now to get rid of that page. I can't afford to keep buying bu dles to exit page.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2165,Jenn who,"October 4, 2022","Fun game but something wrong with Level 2531.. the cherries go no where!! I tried everything. Its impossible. Think it's a glitch please fix it... also wish that when you already have 5 life, and they give you another 5 life, it should equal 10 life imo. Edit- it's fixed. Thanks candy crush!!",8 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2166,Philip Schwartz,"October 20, 2022","This game used to be fun back in the day, but you've changed to so much that even the beginning is a pain in the arse to beat making it p2w just to continue on. We still only have 5 lives that still take 30 mins to rejuvenate each life while everything else has changed, why? This is now one of the worst games I've ever played.",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2167,Fatin Hanaanie Abu Kasim,"December 17, 2022","im in level 903 which that level has to bring 8 cherry to the bottom line but the 8th cherry didnt coming out from the upper side until i used up all my turns . ive lost my win streak ,goody bag reward :(",24 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2168,TheDoc,"December 27, 2022","For the first couple dozen levels, everything is smooth. A few annoying attempts to get an extra buck or two, but nothing major. Then comes level after level where you must use various explosive candies to get anywhere while being confined to a just 10 or so disconnected squares. THEN you get these levels but with extra barriers that block your explosives from clearing more than a couple spaces at a time with extremely limited moves. It's not to be a challenge. They expect you to pay to advance",0,2,candy_crush
2169,Nikki Blevins,"November 28, 2022",Loving the new option to watch videos at times to continue a level. Also love that there are mini games that add more things to do between levels and allow more boosters to be attained.,15 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2170,Collins Assan,"February 17, 2023",Very interesting and fun just that sometimes some levels are difficult to play but still we move,0,5,candy_crush
2171,Robert Jackson,"February 12, 2023","It's better than I remember, plus it doesn't cost to play. Just need time and patience.",0,5,candy_crush
2172,Lori Collins,"September 24, 2022","Been playing since 2012. Level 11k+. Platform only 20 lives limit per day. Took away Fantastic 5 and playing with my friends for rewards, only area to get rewards and there were not anyone name Player on team. Streak and Cap rewards have Player (Hacker) is always the Winner of all rewards each week with 5k points ahead of regular players. CC will not install a simple program to delete all who are named Player and get rid of the Hackers. Really frustrating that Player always gets the big rewards!",12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2173,Denise Baxter,"November 7, 2022","Your cutting off your own nose by the 20 lives limit. It used to be that you could plan out your game and time the pumpkin pick/daily spin and keep playing now you can not. Plus, if I get stuck on a hard level, I am not going to buy 1 of your deals because I have already used up my 20 lives. They never line up anymore. So I am sure if you go back and look at this, you will see how you lost money. No one is happy with this game anymore. So many negative comments.",8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2174,Delores Moore,"September 28, 2022",I love this game because you get free time and helps instead of always wanting money. That's what I said but 18 months later the levels are so impossible and they come every three rounds that it sucks all the money you will feed it.,8 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2175,Eng Kwaichan,"September 11, 2022","Angry thats i supported this game in many years, but this time forced system update causes all my inventory missing😡 (eg. color bomb-125, lollipop hammer-40, striped&wrapped-30, coconut wheel-9, free switch-9, jelly fish-10, lucky candy-2, UFO-9, striped brush-2, party booster-2). I used many golds to change it.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2176,Ali Heimur,"February 10, 2023","I can't remember how many times I've installed and uninstalled this game , very addictive but all in all great game.",0,5,candy_crush
2177,Treva Cobbinah,"September 6, 2022",You know it's sad how this game has changed from a fun past time to now it's a 'pay to pass' type of game. Now you have come along and limited the number of lives a person can receive a day is the last draw for me!! After 9 years of faithful play and spending real money on this game I will no longer be patronizing this money hungry app!! You guys should be ashamed of yourself on how you've ruined the game of Candy Crush by making it so difficult to pass levels without paying for extra moves!!,8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2178,Tajuana Po,"October 21, 2022",There is a glitch with the lastest update. Game keep freezing after round ends. I have to consistently restart my phone. This happens after 2 rounds. I stopped playing I refuse to continue shutting my phone off to restart. On level 4000ish. Been playing for yrs.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2179,Kelly Ann,"February 14, 2023",Having fun! Still having fun! Still playing! Hit level 1438 - starting over! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👍🏻 having a great time!,0,5,candy_crush
2180,Victoria Jenks,"October 23, 2022","Since updating it yesterday, the app keeps freezing, I'm on level 6323 which is a 'super hard level'. Imagine, I've been stuck on it for a few days, finally completed it, only for the app to freeze as the starts pop up, meaning... I have to do it again!",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2181,LeaseO Matic,"October 22, 2022","The Trainor update is Glitchy and keeps freezing 🥶 😤 😑 I have to close the game after every single round when I win. Super lame. -Update: I'm done with this game until a new update is available, I didn't even get to see the music video this sucks!",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2182,Phillip Boxx,"September 27, 2022",I played for hours last night to come in first place for the candy cup. Had over 89000 points. The tournament didn't end until like two and I past out right before it officially ended. After work today I hopped back on cause I knew for sure I had it and now it's like the tournament never happened and I never got any of my rewards. I love playing this game but that just killed your boy.,18 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2183,A Google user,"December 16, 2022",relaxing...but challenging. some combinations are harder then others. keeps it interesting,5 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2184,Sylwia Żak,"October 8, 2022","Clearly the algorithm of the game is a joke when it takes you 100 attempts to get throu an easy levels, however when you pay them for boosters etc, then suddey you go 20 levels, even the superhard ones, in one go.",6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2185,Kim Anderson,"January 20, 2023",Fun. Could do with out all the money making attempts and ads but a player can win without buying anything.,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2186,Carly Pfahler,"October 16, 2022",Game is great except recently it brings up a purchase box after every failed game that won't let me press X to close!! I have to quit the game completely and start again but it happens every single time now!!,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2187,Jordan Bazzle,"February 15, 2023","Great time waster, lots of ad options so you don't have to pay if you don't want to",0,5,candy_crush
2188,Abdulraheem Sulaimon Olanrewaju,"January 19, 2023",The sound you guys change is not making the game interesting anymore you should try nd put the sound back please. Thanks 👍,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2189,Laura Moffit,"October 23, 2022","Why is my candy crush constantly freezing? Was it because of the latest update? Very frustrating!! Update: I reinstalled. It was good for a couple rounds but is freezing again! Seems to be freezing on adds for Pet Rescue or other game suggestions. I think its time to find a new game. THIS ONE ISNT WORKING! I've sent an email, but no response! oh well, their loss!",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2190,Emma Deakin,"October 28, 2022","I was loving this game , but since the 10 year anniversary the game has got a lot harder to complete a level, plus you've taken away our lives, minimising that to 20 lives (given by friends) a day ! Also you are putting things on the chocolate box to collect that you have to pay for to have . Not a fan of the new and not so improved Candy Crush , its making me bored having to play an extra hard level for a good 3/4 weeks! Plus you've taken away our help that some of us need to complete levels!",24 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2191,Jex M,"September 26, 2022",Pay to Win. At the start it was fun about level 250 it starts becoming impossible to finish levels unless you have gold bars to pay for extra moves. If you run out of gold you will get stuck on a level. After 7 days of not progressing I have uninstalled.,123 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2192,Max Affolter,"October 21, 2022","I'm fully aware this game is designed for in game purchases and that ABK somehow needs to be profitable, but lately the purchase adds keep popping up repeatedly and others can't be removed with x and the app has to be restarted. Buggy as hell.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2193,Gaile Warburton,"January 17, 2023","Ads spoil it. There are too many and too long. some are cruel to animals, offensive",0,3,candy_crush
2194,Patrick Dunne,"December 19, 2022",It's better than earlier versions. The earlier versions had more tough levels now they're a little more balanced,1 person found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2195,Felix,"January 28, 2023",It's challenging and I like the season challenges that comes up every now and then. Great game,0,5,candy_crush
2196,Periyasamy Mahendiran,"September 13, 2022","It was interesting to play starting levels. CCS attracts you with power ups such as spin wheel,daily treat machine,mini games,team F5, gold race,weekly race, ads for boosters,tree/carnival climb,power pops, etc. I struggled many years and reached 12472 level. Now a days CCS releases impossible levels with reduced moves, only 20 lives/day &removes any power ups anytime. Without purchase, difficult to clear almost every levels. I also spent money & fed up. Feeling now why I started playing CCS.",521 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2197,Grace Lebepe,"February 8, 2023",It is more fun especially when you are tired and stressed from work . Makes me feel relaxed,0,5,candy_crush
2198,Janet Mckenney,"December 21, 2022",Great 😃 but now it's extremely hard and I don't have extra plays at the end of my games. Even when I have no bars to use.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2199,Devon Salazar,"October 1, 2022","was extremely fun but then the powerups stopped coming became harder and harder to play. you basically need some type of item to pass almost every level now, very disappointing.",10 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2200,hipea,"September 27, 2022","Pay to win game. Too hard to pass reach level. Not because I make a move wrong but the algorithm makes it impossible to pass and you will ended up to buy for a booster. Plus, the booster is very expensive.",8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2201,MrZKeL,"November 23, 2022",Would u remove the next move suggestion feature. It's so very annoying ..I can't concentrate in the game..It's always blinking and suggest me to play that move and lose..Should have add a button to turn on or off that feature..Please fix guys.. It would be so helpful for many others..I would rate 5 ⭐if u guys add that feature..,13 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2202,abox belmont,"September 6, 2022","The newest update is wanting me to give the game MINUS two stars, why are you limiting the amount of lives I can use in a day to TWENTY?????? I am not a child, I can play whenever and however isn't that the point of sending lives to other players and asking for lives??!! .... I think may be time to uninstall and find another game.",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2203,john barrett,"January 10, 2023",Bad update today. Now all moves creT haptic feedback and I don't like it. Makes the game unplayable in my opinion.,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2204,Nicola Webster,"October 23, 2022",New update you done hasn't broken the exit cross after each time the level ends!!!! I'm on level 5366 and never had a problem this annoying the hell out of me playing it this week though! Please fix the new update! It's frustrating 😒,6 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2205,John Daugherty-Stone,"September 14, 2022",This game has a simple format: give you a few really easy levels to get you addicted and then smack you with an impossibly hard level that you can't pass without purchasing something. Not enjoyable.,13 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2206,Skyz King,"January 17, 2023","It's fun and addictive but the down side, it lags alot when you have internet connectivity besides that it's just perfect",0,4,candy_crush
2207,Gina A,"September 7, 2022","What happened after the last ""updates""? No extra moves, nothing working properly, the videos won't play. Stucked in one level for days, is there any chance to win this 10057 level with no extra moves or boosters? You must be joking! I will never pay to get extra moves, better fix the bugs. I use to enjoy the game, now I only get crazy everytime. Update (after more than one month) : still no extra moves, no boosters, better uninstall the app, useless.",19 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2208,Prophet Cookie,"September 24, 2022","I am Having A Serious Problem with Candy Crush Saga!!! When I beat Certain Level's 1st Try, it doesn't Give Me The Golden Pin, which Frustrates Me!!! For Example, on Level's 1423, 1457, 1611 and 1612!!! I beat those Level's 1st Try and yet The Game didn't give Me The Golden Pin for Those Level's!!! It really get's on My Nerve's so that's why I'm only Rating Candy Crush Saga 4 Star's!!! If this get's Fixed, then I will Change My Rating to 5 Star's!!! Have A Good Day 😒!!!",10 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2209,Mbakpuo Wilsonchibuzo,"January 28, 2023",The update are annoying. Even the usual sound that gives memories is no more. Everything is annoyed now,0,1,candy_crush
2210,Xavy Wright,"October 19, 2022",Why dafuq does the purchase box not go away after I fail a level?! The back button doesn't work neither does pressing the X button. Sort it out!! I'm tired of having to close the game and restart every time I fail the level,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2211,Grace Wisnewski,"January 28, 2023",I've never play the game before! It's lot's for maps levels playstore. Thanks! Grace Ellen Wisnewski happy Saturdays and will have pooring days for The weather Channel. App,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2212,Ashley Rosson,"September 13, 2022","Since the most recent app update, I have began noticing that the daily wheel & carnival climb- will not load when you play a level. Usually an ""oops, it's us not you..."" generated message will pop up. I haven't had thus problem since first downloading and playing over 10 years ago!",6 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2213,akshay Dubey,"January 15, 2023",It's not worth it you have to buy their coins to beat hard level and those coins are expensive and once you buy those coins they will stop giving you free ads bonus,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2214,Harold Price,"September 24, 2022","Still great!I started playing this game when it first came out. It is still great, after all this time. It will be a classic like Tetris, Donkey King, Centepide and the other classics! Thanks Candy Crusher from an old time Crusher because you are still crushing it!",25 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2215,s b,"January 31, 2023","I candy royal and they didn't not give my gold bars. There is many way you will lose your progress, winning, purchase.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2216,Kingsley Augustine,"November 18, 2022","I love candy crush so much but after the recent update, levels are now extremely difficult to pass, am at level 3315. Its really frustrating even with boosters levels are still difficult to pass, and please we need the old sound back this new one is not cool. And why the heck would we be able to receive 20 lives per day. It's supposed to be unlimited when friends gives you lives you should be able to enjoy the lives not you saying we would have just 20 lives per day. Please fix my complaint.",12 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2217,Lisa Nichols,"October 25, 2022",Have been playing for years and find it fun. But after the last update it keeps freezing up when hitting the next level. Very frustrating that it freezes often and have to close game totally.,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2218,Kim LaFave,"January 19, 2023",i have not played this for years but it definitely rocks😊😊 i have not been able to reinstate my 4500 points though I was in jospital and phone broke. Same type of phone but new one. Thanks Kim,0,5,candy_crush
2219,Julie Gust,"February 17, 2023",More freebies would be good; instead of frustration and making it ALL about the MONEY.,0,2,candy_crush
2220,Barbara Osborne,"October 15, 2022","This is a great app to play with others. It is fun, keeps you on your toes. keeps your scores accurate, and you can get a better score than you thought you would. It is fun, different characters, and keeps your mind wondering if you could do better. This game makes me want to be and do better than I do. Thank you for , Candy Crush Saga. Great app. No freezing up or anything. No problems.",14 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2221,Rebecca Avshalom,"October 22, 2022",Fun but...I have been having issues like Meredith K. Where if I lose a level I get a pop up and it won't let me close it to continue . I have to close the game completely and restart it. Very frustrating.,4 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2222,Karen Kane,"September 14, 2022",It's a great game but the developers seem to only care about taking your money. They limit the lives you can claim that have been gifted to you bit don't limit lives that are purchased. Levels are set up to have you fail so you spend money to pass the level. Greed has ruined a game I've been playing for years,4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2223,Shainyn,"October 25, 2022","Normally enjoy playing, but now keeps freezing after levels. Everytime I'm doing the race it or challenges (100 bars) freezes and have to close completely our of the app and wait a while. Meaning by the time I log back in the challenges are finished",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2224,Diana Lee,"December 22, 2022",Uninstalled the game coz it is getting ridiculous when I have so many lives in my inbox but cannot use more than 20 lives per day.,1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2225,pasT t,"October 20, 2022",The game was fun when I had the option to watch ads for extra boosters and moves. I made one purchase and that option is gone because they want you to keep making purchases. Time to uninstall,5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2226,Tom Zgaj,"February 11, 2023","Lots of bugs, very uneven level of difficulty and very pushy to spend money.",0,2,candy_crush
2227,Kikidaope Segun-Okeowo,"February 15, 2023",It's a very fun filled game with lots of exciting adventures in the candy world PS: It can be addictive😉,0,5,candy_crush
2228,Abdul Quadeer,"January 30, 2023",Very relaxing and help me to be tens free during lock down periods.Thanks for producing this type of app. Not boring game and again my feelings is this game is just an antistress vaccine.I like it.same the above,8 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2229,Tammy Roberts,"September 13, 2022",I just love Candy crush i can be all stressed out overthinking and when I play this game it helps me to unwind!! Lol when I can't or have a hard time on one of level's my granddaughter helps me out she just loves when I can't beat the level and she can 😁🥰 it's kinda like we have a little game of war and she always wins. I definitely love this game when I'm trying to kill time or just want to relax it's one favorite game to play 😁,35 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2230,martins ejekwu,"January 24, 2023",It very ok but the problem is you can't interact with friends on the game you should create a place one can chat with online friends,0,5,candy_crush
2231,Donna Levine,"February 3, 2023","Its still fun ,I started the app over. I was in the 2 thousands. Sometimes stuck for days. This is better.",0,5,candy_crush
2232,Brandon Caudill,"January 28, 2023",Love how you have to use your brain. Very fun and some levels are very hard and i love it.,0,5,candy_crush
2233,Alex Kemp,"December 24, 2022","Bit of an underwhelming experience. It is akin to arcades where the games are rigged to ensure you have to spend money in order to progress - it is simply impossible to complete some levels otherwise, as you are clearly at a loss before you start with not enough moves to clear the number of objects. It was fun, but I'm not putting money in your pocket for something so mediocre. To paraphrase a movie: the only winning move is not to play.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2234,Malith Milantha,"January 22, 2023",👎👎👎 many levels marking hard by reducing moves. frustrating. not recommended to anyone.,0,1,candy_crush
2235,Alannah Anderson,"October 22, 2022",It's been lagging a ton and it makes me clear the app after each time because It gets stuck on the purchase screen. I like playing this but I'm honestly about to just delete it because it's glitching way too badly.,3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2236,Chiamanda Nwokorie,"February 10, 2023","Its amazing, i am enjoying this game so much. It pushes and gives you time to use your knowledge to work out what to do Beautiful game. It's awesome. Wonderful gameee. I love ittt",8 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2237,Frankie Scott,"October 17, 2022","I have played this games for about 8 years now and it has gotten better. But there is one thing. We should not have to pay for something we have already won and collected.. the gold bars. That's a rip off. Please fix it should not have to break little pigy then have to buy them ... That's crazy, and stupid..thank you Frankie Scott",12 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2238,Tech God,"October 16, 2022",This latest version 1.238.0.4 freezes very frequently. Mostly after finishing a level but occasionally at other various screen changes. The background screen loads then hard locks. Have not seen this issue in prior versions.,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2239,Mistress Francess,"October 18, 2022",This new version is so terrible. Freezes all the time. Plus the task bar is so misleading I enjoyed the previous version I was on. I regret updating PLEASE DO NOT UPDATE. can't wait for a recent version so I can leave this... Or better still I'd look for someone with an older version. TERRIBLE.,5 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2240,Graham Armfield,"September 27, 2022",I like the puzzle aspect of this game but it's really spoiled by the automated hints appearing after a short time. And there's no way of turning them off. Uninstalling.,10 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2241,c v,"October 15, 2022","Major issue with level 12572. After using all moves and clicking give up. Stupid hard pressure ""hard level deal"" pops up for possible purchase consideration. Yet the X at the top right won't close the deal pop-up. Have to close the entire app and reload.",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2242,Bhoora Srinivas,"January 19, 2023",Nice game ever but literally im about to finish the game to continue it im not getting ads to keep playing how could i complete😞😞so pls make sure to clear my problem as soon as possible,0,3,candy_crush
2243,NELLY G,"November 22, 2022","I love this game but for the boosters, it should be gotten easily and the 5 life is very small, pls find a way to increase the life. Also sometimes it tends to freeze which looses all the fun, kindly fix this.",16 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2244,Karen,"February 12, 2023",I love this game!. It's fun you get fun rewards for achieving levels.,0,5,candy_crush
2245,Ashray NL,"January 15, 2023",I really like that u can just sit and relax and swipe and sometimes doing a big combo is very satisfying overall this is very good,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2246,Satender Parul,"February 6, 2023",It is good game but it is a problem levels are hard to pass that takes 4 or 5 days to pass,0,3,candy_crush
2247,Renae M,"February 8, 2023","Largest, most popular cash grab. Algorithm will choose when you when, and usually that's after a top of or some kind of beneficial move to them like adding another person. Also, IM SO TIRED OF THEIR ADS, THEY ALWAYS CRASH WHATEVER OTHER GAME IM IN. not only is the X barely clickable regardless of size, you get out through at least two launches if you accidently click the ad. Once you FINALLY get back to your game, it crashes with NO and reward, even if you watched all the way through.",0,1,candy_crush
2248,tonya Greenlee,"September 29, 2022","I love candy crush and the some- time very aggravating challenges! It is an awesome game, very addictive, if you enjoy those kinds of games! Even becomes more of a challenge! Still enjoying the game though.",31 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2249,Georgia Hayes,"December 11, 2022","Ads have gone crazy. Add are mostly 30 seconds each now. To get the extra stuff, it can take up to 1 1/2 minutes to get back to the game.",0,1,candy_crush
2250,Noorie Farzina Rahman,"September 23, 2022","Tried to purchase from the shop and ended up being fooled. Didn't received my rewards and money also not credited back. This happened earlier also. This is the third time. Worst game ever. If possible, would provide zero ratings. 😡",12 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2251,Cayla C,"October 22, 2022","After last update, every game I win it freezes. I'm on level 7000 something been playing a year never had this problem. I have to exit out of the game swipe it then go back to it. I still get to go to the next level but it's frustrating having to exit out after every win",21 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2252,Shannon Maysonet,"September 12, 2022",I have been crushing candy since 2012. I am still obsessed. My biggest frustration is once you are out 5 lives you have to wait a long time to get them back. I have been thrilled to get lives shared by friends. It allows me to enjoy the game longer at one time. Then suddenly this week the game began putting limits on the use of shared lives! Whats the point of having all these shared lives I can't even use??!! So annoying. I would totally put 5 stars. But this changed my opinion.,9 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2253,princesilla hura,"December 15, 2022",Basically this app cheats!!!! I manage to get Candy Royale but then there's server error and I didn't get 500 gold. Scamm !!!!!,17 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2254,Art Vasari,"February 8, 2023","It's a good way to keep idle Hands at bay, and a busy mind rested with play.",0,5,candy_crush
2255,Andrea,"January 6, 2023",Ok while other user's not using my email addresses/accounts or my information connected to old email addresses/accounts and may also include my phone number. Other than that! Great 🤣.,0,3,candy_crush
2256,Sabrina Alishayeva,"October 18, 2022",The update is horrible. Everytime I lose a game get an ad that cannot be closed. I have to restart the app each time I play. I don't bother to play anymore,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2257,Felton Smith,"December 13, 2022","This game sucks, it takes the fun out of winning unless you make purchases for more options for explosion.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2258,Charles Bennett,"November 28, 2022","Not sure what made you decide to change the sounds of the game, but the new sounds make the game sound extremely WEAK! Bring back the sounds of when you use the candy bomb, you're USING A DANG CANDY BOMB! Not as if you are sitting by a relaxing ocean. Please bring the old sound!! Or else change the games name to CANDY SQUISH (or something close to that) Only 4 stars now....",2 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2259,Mary Jones,"December 29, 2022","Love this game ,it so easy to play but challenging.lots of fun and you can play for hours.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2260,Patrisha Smith,"October 23, 2022",I've been playing this game for many years and now it's just getting boring they took away playing against family and friends they have royalty points you can buy and earn extra rewards well when you buy them they charge you and you don't always get it and they KEEP YOUR MONEY some that are playing shorter times than you get special features and your like I don't have that on my game so it's very iffy now so I won't be playing much longer rip-off,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2261,Dilkhush kumar Sharma,"January 14, 2023",Here no option to chat with friends. I have a friend who is very friendly always send lifes but i can't say thank you to him 😓,0,3,candy_crush
2262,Lo La,"October 24, 2022","Super super glitchy. The game regularly screws up moves (results aren't what they should be, eg bombs not exploding), loses prizes, and can no longer watch ads for extra lives (they just never end so no matter how long I wait I have to ""end them early"").",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2263,Taiye Jola,"December 23, 2022",This game can be engaging and intriguing at the same time. Can be annoying when you don't have lives anymore 😑.,0,4,candy_crush
2264,Sandra Conner,"February 10, 2023","Super fun and new levels all the time! Love IT,!!!!! Keeps going.",0,5,candy_crush
2265,Anna Dean,"December 8, 2022","APP WILL TAKE MONEY WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. I have a bunch of charges, and I do not have kids that get on my phone. Money gimmick. You cannot advance in this game without buying things from the store to use. Also, once you get so far an ad will pop up offering a 2.99 deal, that won't go away, and you're stuck on it.",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2266,Ovie Friday,"October 14, 2022","It a simple and fun game. But I think boosters should be given after completing a series of level. Boosters come in handy alot and without boosters, some level are impossible to pass.",4 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2267,Andria Carnes,"September 14, 2022","I have been playing this game since it came out. I am on level 7401 and candy crush will no longer recognize my internet connection, it has been weeks. Dissappointed doesnt even come close. About to delete the game ive been loyal to for almost a decade.i also mever received my share of the million gold bars, or whatever.",12 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2268,Stacye Stone,"January 24, 2023",Had never played it even though it was very popular. I'm surprised at the challenge and level of interest it provides.,0,5,candy_crush
2269,Angelina Mavis-Marino,"February 5, 2023",Love all the different fun levels that offer different prizes plus the gold bars. Cant serm to get enough,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2270,Sobia Amir,"September 7, 2022",Its amazing game i have been playing this since last 10 years. Im on 8695 level. Everything was amazing but recently they updated the game and i cant use more than 20 lives a day from my inbox i can't play more levels.,6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2271,Nihar Babu,"January 27, 2023",Why did all my powers have gone to zero after the recent upgrade. This is irritating. This is happening 3rd time.,0,3,candy_crush
2272,Terri Ferry,"September 12, 2022",cool game alot of races rewards makes for a peaceful Evening . This game is fun it is a little bit challenging I do believe it needs a little bit more ways and to win Rewards and is enjoyable game you guys have any good developing it I play this game and one other game every day first thing in the morning when I get up and I finish it when I go to bed the other game in this game both I play it keeps you going keep you curious and you guys have some really good challenges and enjoyable thanks.!,54 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2273,Nishant,"October 15, 2022",There is a bug after this newer update... The game stucks itself everytime after clearing each level... It has to be restarted everytime after completing each and every levels... The worst update ever... Plz watch and find the exact bug in the game and fix it... Resolve the same issue as fast as possible...,2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2274,Shea BayBay,"October 24, 2022",Finally updated my game after a long time and I regret it. It's so glitchy I can't even see what I'm supposed to be getting cuz the top right is glitched out during the level. And all the events and whatnot totally clog up the game. Like I care about megan trainor just let me play the game and fix the glitches its unplayable in its current state.,2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2275,Palani Vel,"February 22, 2023",Time to relax and enjoy the game but more rewards options compatible hard levels hope you,3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2276,Legasa Tlometsane,"January 1, 2023",That's it. I'm done with Candy Crush. It's impossible to win as fast as I used to without assistance from adverts.,233 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2277,Squishy Sicks,"September 26, 2022","I LOVE IT!! Im Honestly obsessed it don't know why. I've devoted my entire time and every chance I get, it feels like a poison. It's slowing killing but I can't get enough. The gratification of know you lost. It's a feeling. I don't listen to anything of anyone anymore. I'm in my own world that i can't realize is a trap. I have no friends, family. It's peace. The world of nothing at all, is peace. But I love the game design and how much of great puzzle it is.",13 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2278,SEIdaho97,"November 17, 2022","A classic mobile game that, can still be enjoyed without being completely forced to buy boosts. Also works offline which is a big plus since a lot of games now seem to make you be connected in order to cram ads down your throat, this game doesn't do that.",52 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2279,jason knight,"October 24, 2022",Always hated it until I played it. It is actually dope and if you're good then you can play as much as you want no cap I would say make the power ups cheaper in return less time its same amount in long run but that way you can use multiple power ups more,12 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2280,JynxGal,"September 18, 2022","Some levels get super hard without power ups, but some events make it easier to get them, balances it out but I'm not happy i lost so much gold on the ferris wheel. I had thought we'd keep the prizes if we lost",25 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2281,Dwi Yan Prastiwi,"February 19, 2023",It is getting sucks. The gift they given almost timely base. Please bring the gift back.,0,2,candy_crush
2282,Ashley Delgado,"November 9, 2022",They have put out a promotion for the Birthday Countdown that if you sign in to Royalty once per day you will get 10 Royalty points per day for 10 days. I sign in several times a day and Candy Crush won't give me my points. When I emailed them about it they said I hadn't signed in for 2 weeks which is a lie because I sign in every day several times a day through the app. They just don't want to give you the free loyalty points. They constantly jip you on points and force you to spend money.,8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2283,Wnitz Deluna,"February 11, 2023",I like before bcoz u can see ur frens in fb but now its so different and its hard to find the old fren tht they finish the level..i mean its not indicate as same b4..,0,1,candy_crush
2284,marshelia roberts,"February 4, 2023","Glad for extra ways of passing levels. It's not Sunday yet, hopefully I'll get my reward.",16 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2285,Denzel Oduor,"January 17, 2023",The game is amazing a great way to pass time but I think they should make the recovery of your life shorter,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2286,Ian G,"October 18, 2022",Owl my purchasing pop up still keeps locking the game. Pressing the X doesn't close the window. Have to kill the app to try the level again. Simple fix is now to delete the app and never play again.,17 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2287,Pam Clarendon,"January 16, 2023",This game comparing to others have reasonable Ads some games is like every game you play their's an Ads which at times make it annoying.,0,4,candy_crush
2288,L Harrell,"October 24, 2022","I really like the game, but they definitely cheat you out of bonuses with the explosions when they leave obstacles on the board. It's still fun to play though.",3 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2289,Zahra Bokhari,"September 27, 2022","The new version sucks. Why can't we accept more than 20 lives per day? Also some levels have deliberately been made too hard so that people are forced to buy boosters. You need to improve the rewards too, more gold bars should be given as rewards. The game used to be a stress reliever, now it is giving us stress.",37 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2290,Sidharth Narayan,"February 6, 2023",Hello team kindly on the option of scree record and make same changes in the app limitation once you changed the limitations of app then I'm change our review thanks.,0,2,candy_crush
2291,Cindy Currie,"October 18, 2022","Newest update is extreme junk! It won't let me exit the buy stage after losing a level, I now have to leave the game and go back in each time I want to play a new level.",5 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2292,Brandy Pearson,"October 2, 2022",Fun so far. Need more time to decide. It's different than other match 3 games. One thing I don't like is the inability to activate a special candy by a simple swap,6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2293,Fajhath Zulaiha,"February 15, 2023","They given very less move ,we can'tplay and stop ad ,old version that all they giVen ad for move but now stop that ad, please add that to",0,2,candy_crush
2294,Melanie Stadler,"October 24, 2022",I'm having the same issues as others. Since the last update it keeps locking up and the only way to get it working again is to close it completely and reload the app. Super annoying to have to do this after each level. Please fix this!,2 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2295,Wayne C,"November 18, 2022","You start off enjoying every level and every explosion and then the levels become almost impossible without buying power-ups. Just greedy. You soon start getting more angry than anything else. Absolutely ridiculous. I've uninstalled the game. I recommend for your own mental health, you don't install it.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2296,Rebecca Anderson,"October 18, 2022","Love it but game stalls after every game I play at the moment, been this way for two days. Also noticed it wouldnt give free boosters if won. I now have 30 mins free booster but lose it as game is stalled and won't move to next game. Also I can't close request to purchase",5 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2297,Ja Sa,"January 1, 2023","Came back to this game and now I remember why I left. It's like they decide that you won't beat a level and there's no way past it. Will it be a few days? Will it be a few weeks? Who knows...then you'll get a few that are easy to beat and then reach another level that's impossible to beat for a few weeks where you need to clear 100 blocks in 16 moves or something like that. Not much fun at all. Add on all the popups, popovers and dropdowns and confusing mini games I end up annoyed. Uninstalling.",3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2298,tavona lewis,"January 11, 2023",Love this game it can be fun but also something to keep you distracted if you need a distraction and it's easy,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2299,MagickOwl,"January 17, 2023",I played for a while made it to level 500 or something and I'm just uninstalled it because I had to question that I wanted to address no way to contact the devs actually signing up for an online forum Wrong answer Uninstall with a quickness With some devs really don't give a darn and say so. I can live with that but making it almost impossible to contact too much effort ain't going to happen,0,1,candy_crush
2300,Megan Coward,"September 28, 2022",So idk who really plays this game anymore (I'm only playing for Mistplay) but this game is so different and way more obnoxious than I remember. The first try win thing feels super cheap and I absolutely hate not having even 5 seconds to think about my next move before the game insistently gives suggestions.,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2301,aysha- Soft,"September 8, 2022","I love playing this game BUT why are you making it so difficult and stressfull for people to play, it took your boosters and gold bars more of what you get,it take up to 20-30lives to play one level or days to win a damn game 🤬 why did you take the videos to get extra boosters, or moves away, this game is NO more ""relax, enjoy, and have fun"" as you put it out there for players to play. I'm thinking of deleting my game after reaching level 12457. FUN IS GONE IN THIS GAME",11 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2302,Doug Luhta,"November 16, 2022","Well really hate to have to say this. since I do really enjoy this game.. Really tired of having to start over. Working so hard to build up prizes just to loose them just before I need them. Claiming chocolate boxes and getting kicked out and nothing there when I get back in. Yes I had my account , now I have to wait to start again. Bf help get started now. when I need them most is when they disappearfrustrating and this is a nice way to have some brain fun. Distraction fr stinkn thinkn.",11 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2303,a skallies,"November 15, 2022",There's an ad that glitches when watching to earn extra moves to finish a level. The screen goes to black and you have to shut the app down. Recent update did nothing to fix it either,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2304,VIGNESH R,"January 17, 2023",Such a incredible time passing game .it will automatically bring ur attention. And also improve our quick responsible talent,0,4,candy_crush
2305,Richard Roy,"January 2, 2023","I found this game to be Extremely enjoyable ,very very addictive,also a great way to spend some of my free time.",1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2306,Deana Bird,"January 25, 2023",Been stuck on level 4893 since last November the level doesn't give you any bonus moves to help win IMPOSSIBLE to beat I love the game seriously thinking of deleting and telling my m8s not to play,0,3,candy_crush
2307,Ophelia Lo,"November 30, 2022",I've been playing for 10 years it used to easier to beat levels now its impossible my husband is around level 5000 sometimes I go on YouTube to figure a way to beat impossible level and when you look at these videos from years ago candy crush has managed to remove the amount of moves you used to get for the same levels now its just about buying boosters to win even then with them you still don't win,9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2308,Jackie Ransom,"October 26, 2022",Candy crush has been glitching lately. It freezes after I win. Then I have to close the app and come back later to play. I've had this game for years and I'm very disappointed. I'm at the mud 2000's level and it's very disappointing.,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2309,Reish-Ka Dunn,"January 29, 2023",Okay game just way to kill time and when bored definitely relaxing you unless the game is challenging.,0,3,candy_crush
2310,Shazia,"September 22, 2022",So the game has updated and now there's a limit of how many of your lives sent by your friends you can use in a day to 20. I don't understand why??? Before you had loads of lives you could use from your friends which was great especially on super hard levels. Its really frustrating now,23 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2311,Joanne Meredith,"February 19, 2023","Keeping me amused.Some levels challenging,great when you beat them.Love the boosters and the side games.Great app.",0,5,candy_crush
2312,Marc Lupinacci Jr,"December 28, 2022","Great game when it first came out, but unfortunately they updated it so they slashed the amount of moves you get making the levels harder and requiring more boosts to finish. What started out is like a great game that anyone could play is now pretty much locked behind pay walls and time spent without lives because of how hard the levels are and how perfect you need to play.",0,3,candy_crush
2313,Ayesha Mubashar,"January 28, 2023","This game has become worst now, they don't give ads for lives and extra moves now, fix the problem.",0,1,candy_crush
2314,Tyler Larson,"September 9, 2022",Algorithm designed to only get u spending money. Make the perfect moves and it consistently ends with needing one more move and all you need to pass the level is purchase something. Unfair play avoid this game.,8 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2315,Barbara Latty,"October 23, 2022","Fantastic fun! They provide lots of free ways to earn boosters. Love this game! I play it multiple times everyday, and it's always a great pick-me-upper! Also challenging.",61 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2316,Susan Hayes,"September 5, 2022","Fun game, good way to while away some time. Some levels I needed to either play 20 or 30 times to get through or buy a boost and those micro transactions add up!",6 people found this review helpful,4,candy_crush
2317,jitendra mishra,"October 8, 2022","As I've just installed the game, for one more time, I can't opin so very early. Still, I would like to mention, its a nice game combined with thrill and excitement to brace new challenges.",6 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2318,Terell Givens,"October 10, 2022",I have had to take my 5 stars away bcz this keeps happening to me... I pay for a boost and then it just loads and never secures... I have to close the app... I lose my money and never get my boost... it has happened to me at least 3 times this week!,1 person found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2319,A Google user,"September 20, 2022","Addictive and fun. Update to earlier review. The daily Pumpkin pick game does not give you the awards you collect. For 3 days in a row, I have gotten only the first 30 minute award vs. the hour I have won. Another way to get you to spend money.",8 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2320,Jonathan West,"February 8, 2023",Fun and enjoyable. Can be hard at times but persistence is key.,0,4,candy_crush
2321,Aiden Beem,"October 26, 2022","This app is definitely one of the best out there. The reason I love it so much is because it is super satisfying when you get to higher levels. And I also love how fun they can make this game be. So I have been playing daily until I somehow reach the max level. But yes, I definitely recommend this game to you guys. Have fun sugar crushing",24 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2322,Kirsty Powell,"December 16, 2022",Sucks that sometimes you seemingly can't get 3 stars on a level without paying for in game purchases..,0,3,candy_crush
2323,jia hui low,"October 1, 2022","i downloaded this game back after a while & I'm gonna uninstall it after playing for a week. i would recommend yall to uninstall this game after level 200 lol the game has gotten so ridiculous and impossible to clear w/o watching ads and paying for stuff :') i believe there're better apps out there with similar game style which are more fun to play. CC used to be fun, what happened ????!",5 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2324,karla cantu,"October 27, 2022",I love playing this game and I can go playing all day. I hate that now they limit the game lifes and how many games you can play per day. This r es ally suck! What's the problem?? Why would you choose to limit how many lifes to use or how many lifes to receive.. and to get that stupid message you can play tomorrow 🙄 🤬🤬🤬 that's so fricken annoying TF we should decide not the stupid game. After all friend are who decide to give the lifes.. Change the settings and remove this limitations🤬🤬!!!,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2325,Marry Kakozi,"January 27, 2023",This game is good and all but it looks like everytime u win they will give u impossible challenges which is ridiculous and im literally stuck on a level i cant even win,0,3,candy_crush
2326,Riku Farjana,"December 16, 2022","No adding, no gift is giving me, every hard level.sume level is very hard.... Long day i have trayin clear but it's really hard",2 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2327,Rick Newell,"November 13, 2022","New adds keep crashing the game, you have to close application and re start. Frequently restarting tablet. Otherwise enjoying the game with some good challenges!",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2328,Jane Piotrowski,"January 6, 2023","Fun, just don't like how your entered into a race without agreeing. But other then that very addictive.",0,4,candy_crush
2329,may torreliza,"September 9, 2022",I have been playing this since the year this game was launched. I am not really into games but I have this on my phone. This game helps me to relax because of all the amazing candy colors and to add it's different sounds it makes in every matches you made! Superb!!!,28 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2330,Scott Mighells,"November 3, 2022","Game is ok. Advertising over a city with drones is not. I'm over 1600 levels in, and I'm uninstalling because of this advertising debacle. Advertising has gone too far, it's invading all aspects of our lives, and I'm sick of it.",9 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2331,Mary Ann Fournier,"February 20, 2023",All time favorite game by far! Awesome game LOVE IT! Can't get enough of this game!!! I play everyday! Best game ever! Love it!! Awesome job thank you!!! Back for more fun!!!,2 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2332,shawn friday,"February 13, 2023","I spend alot of time travelling by transit so playing Candy Crush Saga is a wonderfull way to pass the time, thank-you.",0,5,candy_crush
2333,Bhavna Bharat Kumar,"October 16, 2022","The app is freezing after passing every stage? Have to exit and restart it. Then only it starts working, until I pass the next stage. Pls fix the bug. Thanks",4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2334,Rangarajyam Kondapalli,"November 6, 2022",Love playing the game and compete with friends but sometimes the game gets stuck up due to software glitches like just now ..so feel frustrated that the only way of busting stress is gone! It's two days now that I haven't played..the screen simply went black..can't do a thing about it..tried updating but it is not required.. HELP!,14 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2335,Catherine,"December 20, 2022","I would like to say that we are not playing the game anymore the board is playing the game like it want to, we can't use our colored bombs like we want to it just not fun anymore because like I said the board is playing the game not us.",1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2336,MacKenzie L,"November 20, 2022","WHAT DID YOU DO????!! First off Candy Royale, lame idea. Never won anything from it, I can't survive 7 levels in a low on levels 4000+. Second YOU CHANGED THE SOUNDS! The candy thing that you get when you put 5 in a row doesn't give me that 3 tone dopamine inducing noise anymore. And the voice saying SWEET and DIVINE is someone NEW?! Way to take a good game and make me X out of 8 popups before getting to the next level.",6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2337,Donavan Glasser,"November 19, 2022","They changed the levels to be way more difficult, even with boosters, some take days or more to complete. Plus, Every little thing costs money to earn. You have to pay for this and pay for that.... They ruined the candy crush I used to play",4 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2338,Archana Miriyala,"January 19, 2023",Why now ads are stopped? To pass hard level we need extra moves which we get from Watching ads. But now no ads are coming. Loosing interest.,1 person found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2339,Krissy Beyer,"December 30, 2022",Wish I could get more lives like we used too !! Not anymore since I've been buying to play ! Love the game but getting spendy playing !! Get one for Life's please !!!,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2340,Mia Lopez,"January 27, 2023",Your game needs work everytime I'm one away from winning a level there is no way to get more moves and your game is always asking us kids to pay..... No way,4 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2341,May Kierszten,"December 26, 2022",I have 67 gold bars to use but for some reason I can't access them I have checked my wi fi and it's alright what's wrong here I now have 210 gold bars still can't access,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2342,Chris Jundt,"October 23, 2022",This game freezes when the hard level offer comes up and you have to close the game to play again. Really annoying and almost like King is hoping people don't close the game and give them more money.,3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2343,Betty Camp,"September 4, 2022",Amazing! This game is a perfect combination of candy & challenges. A must get if you like those two things. Update: I have had to uninstall & reinstall twice due to technical issues!!! SO disappointed as I love this game. PS this was a 5 star review. Update: after reinstalling it I didn't get the magic shuffler feature. So disappointed (I know I said it again).,"3,898 people found this review helpful",3,candy_crush
2344,Dave Lampkins,"October 5, 2022","Just shy of 2 months,2 months on the same level,level 255. 67% of people can't make it through with out power ups. I don't and have never done pay to win,once I hit the 2 month mark if I haven't made it to the next level I never will,I'll just delete the game.",29 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2345,Holly Early,"October 17, 2022","Love this game. On Level 4945. Lately though, the game freezes after EVERY game and I have to close the app and go back in to get past the frozen screen. Is this app this supported? I would give it 5 stars if that is fixed.",3 people found this review helpful,3,candy_crush
2346,Lexi Smallwood,"November 6, 2022","I really love this game ! 😁😁😁👍It's really fun to play and I'm at the 1 hundred something and king did a good job with this and it goes on forever but still a good game, my nana and my sister started to play it too! Well my nana has been playing it for idk how long but my sister is a new beginner so my nana can teach her how to play it and when I'm on a hard level my nana will always be there to help me beat the level when I have 1 more move left But either than that it's fantastic!.",27 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2347,Murali S,"February 6, 2023",One of the worst response in the game. Lot of bugs and loading time too much delay,0,1,candy_crush
2348,Gbolahan Ibrahim,"October 16, 2022","This recent update is trash!!!!.... I hate this game now... I've been playing this game for over 7 years.. I've not been frustrated like this before.... This stupid update that'll not move to the next level by itself, except I go out and start again... It's crazy... I'm uninstalling your trash",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2349,Sahrulya Husna,"January 16, 2023","At first I really enjoyed this game, but suddenly it crashed and i lost my win streak, I've collected more than 80 win streak and you're saying they were gone?",15 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2350,Lyletha Parker,"January 16, 2023",Really good to ward off Dementia. It makes you think and decisions on how to maneuver and play to win.,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2351,Brandon Fleck,"October 19, 2022","Game is now bugged, after losing a level a pop up for a in game purchase shows up and you cannot ""x"" out of it cause button doesn't work. Been like that for a week now, have to close the app completely before you can play again.",2 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2352,King Code,"December 15, 2022",very addictive but way to fun to stop just when you think you are going to lose the candies just all fall in the right spots it's a blast,1 person found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2353,Lisa Sprentz,"November 26, 2022",Why is it that every time we do the pick a pumpkin. When we win 2x's stripers and wrapper candies or chocolate bombs. We don't get everything we won?!!! This has happened several times now. So players be aware that when you go and do the pick and you beat it. That you get everything you win!!!,6 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2354,srilakshmi kurmagadda,"October 27, 2022","Despite clearing the level , after so many tries it still reverts back to the same level showing not cleared. Such a waste of time! 🤨😣😡 It's get hanged very frequently",3 people found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
2355,Kyle Mcgaw,"February 19, 2023","Fun time killer but way to many pop ups, not interested in all the events.",0,3,candy_crush
2356,Vito De Benedictis,"October 8, 2022",Games are sometimes impossible to win without watching an ad. Games are less about skill than luck. Its supposed to be stress free but is more frustrating than fun often.,3 people found this review helpful,2,candy_crush
2357,Kanyisa Pama,"October 31, 2022","It's addictive but in a good way, because I often stress about many things but once I start playing, my worries disappear. I would wake up to use bathroom in the middle of the night but always play even for 2 minutes before I get back to sleep. I love it.",38 people found this review helpful,5,candy_crush
2358,Santos Robles,"January 31, 2023",Hard to add friends through text. Otherwise offers a great game experience for its genre,0,4,candy_crush
2359,Jim Rockhold,"October 11, 2022","Was on level 2390. Had to restart. When did so many levels become hard and nightmare level? I'm on level 147 now and 10 of the 15 in this group are hard, super hard, or nightmare. Obviously just want you to have to buy to pass levels now. Pathetic cash grab. I refuse to pay so I guess I'm done",1 person found this review helpful,1,candy_crush
