,Name,Date,Review,Found Helpful,Stars,App Name
0,Amlan legend,"February 16, 2023",Too many glitches. Especially while playing a video there is suddenly a glitch where the video is not played and also u cannot text after that. The only solution is to restart the app. I am tired and sick of that bug. Also the loading time for search previous messages is so slow. Sometimes he search specific text area is completely black when I try to search a specific message.,553 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1,Cristian Jaramillo,"February 16, 2023","A decaying app! Lately when trying to send voice messages and it shows that it has been sent, it looks as though the message was 0 seconds but if i click on it, it plays the whole thing but makes me confused about if the receiver can hear the message or not. Also it seems as though I don't always get message notifications for some reason. And now that I try to search in conversations, it doesn't work!","2,126 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
2,Stephanie Mitchell,"February 14, 2023","The app used to be amazing until a few days ago after it automatically updated. I no longer receive notifications. I've missed numerous messages because of this. I've restarted my phone a few times, checked to make sure all notifications are turned on in settings and of course they are. None of this has helped fix the problem. Very frustrating and ridiculous. I would like this issue to be resolved quickly.","4,090 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
3,Stacey Desbiens,"February 20, 2023","App has gotten worse, for the past month I don't get any notifications of incoming video or chat calls, I don't even get notifications for messages either. They all just randomly stopped. This needs to be fixed. All my settings are fine too with thr phone and within the app. Hopefully you fix this bug soon! As I am not the only one with these issues.","1,810 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
4,Shery,"February 4, 2023","this one has great potential. But with every upcoming update it gets worse. My app crashes all the time. My screen intends to freeze, I can't open the chats neither send messages without bugs. I have to reset the app, sometimes my phone. It goes on for months already. I tried re-installing but nothing worked. When I manage to send my messages without the app crashing in the process, they don't get delivered even though my connection is great. It drains my battery like crazy.","5,768 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
5,Lynn,"February 14, 2023","Something has been up with the app recently, it's not wanting to work or load properly, when someone sends me voice clips, it will show a message saying ""sent a voicemail"" but it wont let me play it! It's annoying and I have to end up asking the person to send it again. Also messages have not been wanting to send through properly, it all started after it's recent update, please fix this.","1,050 people found this review helpful",4,Messenger
6,S S,"February 13, 2023","Edit: now it's been blocked for a week (stops loading at the start screen) I have sent several reports but no fix. Rebooting phone and cleaning cache don't work. Review: The app has trouble connecting to the internet, I had to reboot my phone several times to bypass this issue. Messages received don't show up unless you restart the phone! So you can go a whole day without knowing that someone has messaged you!",394 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
7,Pamela Gustafsson,"February 12, 2023","Yesterday when I pressed on a message notification it didn't open in full screen size. It had not options available and nothing to close it with! The messages I sent took ages to be received and when photos were posted from others I couldn't see them, just a message saying someone had sent photos. That happened again overnight. Please revert to pre ""update"" and don't try fixing what isn't broken, just maintain the way it used to function because its been great. Video-call is much used. Thank you",974 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
8,Mebius Kramer,"February 11, 2023","The app is becoming worse and worse with every version. I used to regularly restart the app because the UI bugged, or the app wouldn't load new messages. I don't know how, but it's gotten worse and restarting it doesn't fix it. No notifications at all, searching for an element doesn't work and if it works makes the app not load anything, watching a video fills the app with graphic artifacts, and so on.","1,571 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
9,Bayley Daniel,"February 13, 2023","Its so buggy. I have to reinstall it at minimum once a month. I've reinstalled it 3 times this week. It also consistently messes up other apps and phone functions. The good news is most problems seem to be fixed for a bit after a reinstall, and occasionally just clearing the cache is enough. So if you're having problems (and if you arent, you will) just reinstall 😁",176 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
10,Rosie Lee,"February 14, 2023","It's alright. Fairly easy to keep in touch with people. Except on literally every device I own and have messenger on I get no notifications, no text bubble, nothing. Tried removing and redownloading the app, fiddling around with settings. Nothing works. It's the only way I have contact with some friends and family and it's barely doing the job at this point.",175 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
11,Ashlea Wilt,"February 13, 2023","Started yesterday, but it will NOT notify me when anyone messages me. I've tried every little thing I could possibly do and it doesn't notify me. No sound or anything. It's getting very annoying since it's one of my main ways to communicate. I deleted and re downloaded the app, restarted my phone, went through settings everywhere, the do not disturb...everything. Hope it gets resolved soon.",115 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
12,Alex Pandi,"February 16, 2023","I used this app for the past 5 years but it has never been so ""unusable"" until now.. Picture-in-picture is barely working and even if it is, it is just blocking the touch (literally no touch). To end a call, I have to tell the person I am talking with to end it as when I press the end button nothing happenes. About the messages themselves, they send when they want, no matter if you have a connection or not. The videos don't have a preview anymore, you must click on them to view them. Etc...","1,134 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
13,Mark Edward Nathaniel Lalimarmo (NATHAN),"February 17, 2023","Some of the features aren't working. Pictures are not delievered, it just says ""sent a photo"". Other than that the themes that depend on what time of the day you're in, aren't working as well. Playing videos would make the app unusable, and you have to re-open the app just to make it work again. It's frustrating how many users there are, and yet these basic features aren't working.","1,223 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
14,Jose Martinez,"February 15, 2023","I got a new phone a few months ago and redownloaded messenger but I found out that the phone I have used Bubbles instead of Chat Heads which are one the of the biggest downgrades I have seen in texting. You can't switch between the two, you are forced to use Bubbles and not only do you have to go into the app to text someone else, (making the bubbles pointless anyway) you barely get notified when getting a message. At the very least give us the option to switch between the two.",170 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
15,Myles Barnes,"February 6, 2023","I'm also experiencing the same issue as other reviewers. App would ring when someone tries to call me but I don't know who it is as there's no display and no option to answer it. I don't even know who is calling. I would only know who it is after it ends ringing when it shows a missed call or until after the caller would ask why I'm not picking up. All notifications are on. Tried everything, force stop, clear data & cache, reinstall & restarted but it doesn't fix the issue.",240 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
16,Michal Macbeth,"February 18, 2023","Current version is just broken. No notifications, messages receiving after few hour delay, unable to make video or audio calls. On my other phone I am unable to even start the app. Screen just go blank white or black. Tried reset, forced stop, clear cache, clear data, reinstall. Nothing works. Either fix it, or roll back to last working update...like a year ago. Also, I have contacted the developer and after one week, still no response. Great job!",31 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
17,Matthias Watermann,"February 3, 2023","Two things are really annoying. (1) Calls often abort before the other guy had a chance to pick up. Even if a connection is established, the audio is often missing. Since I don't know sign language the bandwidth is wasted. Without counting I'd say, 9 out of 10 attempts fail one way or the other. (2) There is no way I could find to backup the chats. Neither the non-private nor the encrypted chats can be exported to be saved elsewhere. IMO that disqualifies this app from serious work. Need fix soo","1,528 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
18,Melissa Selleys,"February 12, 2023","I still can't get notifications to work. It worked fine until a day or so ago, but now I get no chime, no chat head, no banner or lock screen notifications. The notification setting for the app and in my phone settings is on. I uninstalled, reinstalled, cleared the cache, restarted my device several times. Followed 6 online fix guides. Between this and the call interruption or just failure to connect, or just dropping audio randomly, it's not worth it.",93 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
19,Jennifer Grant,"February 9, 2023","I have the brand new Samsung Fold phone, and whilst the application is running fairly smoothly, I never get ANY notifications unless the application is open. This is ridiculous and defeats the point of setting up notification settings, let alone having them... Have reinstalled the app. been to the Samsung store, neither of which helps. This is not on. Can someone fix this already?!",216 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
20,Earl “EarlA” Angala,"February 16, 2023","So, this is one of the most used form of communication for me and with so many updates, some may believe that everything would be working somewhat decent. No, not for me. I receive photos from others but, if I do not close and reopen the whole app, the picture will not populate. Not sure what is going on or if anyone else is having the same issue. I just wanted to share because of my continued disappointment with the ease of use for the app.",48 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
21,William Taylor,"February 12, 2023","Notifications keep breaking. It seems like every few months they release an update which changes their notifications configuration. Where previously you could pull open a notification to see the previous X messages sent from a person, now you can only see the latest one. This means if a person sends 3 messages, you can no longer preview those messages, just the latest one. This affects smart watch users where notifications power content on the watch. Broken since version 393. Fix it. Muppets.",69 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
22,Lauren Perkins,"February 12, 2023",I really hate that I can't change the colour theme in the app for new messages. I've missed and over looked so many messages from people as they don't stand out clearly enough from the already opened messages. There is no option to change it and it's really driving me crazy. Seems like such an easy fix yet nothing has been done. Please please please can it get sorted asap!!,126 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
23,Jacob McCurry,"February 11, 2023","This company has clearly become another one of many that seems to find the need to constantly change things for ""freshness"" irresistible despite starting to have difficulties keeping up with the constant bugs and glitches that come with them. Can't even have a messaging app that let's me see messages as soon as they're sent anymore because the common sense of ""you don't break something if you don't fiddle with it"" is apparently not common anymore.",132 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
24,Marc Jenro Ramboyong,"February 16, 2023","Too many bugs, already been goin on for about a month now, when you just opened the app, you need to wait for a minute to open a convo, once you open the convo, previous messages doesn't load up immediately, still needs to wait for few minutes, when you click the replied message, doesn't do anything for several minutes, when you exit the convo, the waitihg starts all over again, very frustrating. Also, when you open an attachment and go back to this app, it doesn't bring you back to that message",737 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
25,Amanda Sharp,"February 12, 2023","This used to be a very good app...key words: USED TO BE!! NOT ANYMORE!! I've been having issues with this app for months, so has my husband and many other people I know. The calls constantly drop WHILE in wifi but the most annoying thing that's been happening is I never get any notifications that I have messages.. even from ppl who are set as a priority. My app has been updated, I've uninstalled-reinstalled, and all my settings are how they should be, AND IT STILL DOESN'T WORK!! FIX IT PLEASE!!",47 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
26,Cindy Slessinger,"February 16, 2023","Before today it was a 5. I started having errors every time I tried to forward a photo. Went through various trouble shooting web pages. Nothing worked. Last effort was to update. What a mistake! It is painfully slow to open, and to load contacts as well as past threads. It crashes often. And still won't let me forward photos.",37 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
27,Μαρια Χελιδωνη,"February 12, 2023","It doesn't seem to open for at least three days. Whenever I try to open it a white screen shows up and no matter how long I leave it like that it never opens. Additionally, for a couple of years now and between different devices, I never get notifications from new messages unless I open the app and it's getting really frustrating.",115 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
28,Noémi Nagy,"February 13, 2023","Crashes frequently, even while typing! And the draft that I was working on since a while, dissapeares... There is NO way to recover it! TERRIBLE app! Not to mention that, they make it very complicated to see a list of ONLY THE UNREAD messages on phone. You need to use browser, desktop version, click here, click there, just to figure out then that, the list is far from whole, so you have to go back in the app and scroll manually all the way through to see the unread ones... Ridiculous.",41 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
29,Sypherion,"February 13, 2023","Devs are focused on making useless features instead of fixing bugs. The search is broken, I can't go back to past messages despite search showing them. Sometimes I can't even scroll up back to that message. And even the updates I liked, like the word effects for the gift option which was good for hiding spoilers, were removed. Downloading images downloads them as a webp, which isn't even compatible with uploading to chats. Fix your damn app instead for once.","1,585 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
30,Taylor May,"February 8, 2023","Recently, the app hasn't been sending me notifications. I'll get a message and an hour later open the app, THEN get the notification, which is pointless. It also doesn't let me make video calls or view pictures in the app. I've tried reinstalling it, checked settings, looked for updates, etc with no fix. Very inconvenient.",149 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
31,Karen Mendheim,"February 10, 2023","I like Facebook Messenger and the ability to keep in touch with friends but would like the messages to be end-to-end encrypted as with What's App. However, I dont want to give those planning illegal and subversivr sctivities against the country to have a place to connect I wish it was easier to prevent total strangers, often from other countries, from being able to call me on messenger without my permission. Its an invasion of my privacy. I want to be able to screen my incoming calls.",66 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
32,David Plecher,"February 18, 2023","Bubbles don't work. I've uninstalled and reinstalled like 3 times. I have it set for convos to bubble on permissions, and showing to display over other apps When I set a Convo to bubble, and a message comes in, it disappears and I don't get notified. Idk if it's because I have a pixel watch or what, but it worked so much better on my pixel 6 pro instead of the 7 pro.",15 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
33,Brandi Voiles,"February 18, 2023","I like the app, mostly. My problem is what happens after I take a call on the app. Every single time, without fail, after I complete my call in the app, my phone freezes; and for several minutes. I have to either lock it and let it sit for a moment and then unlock it, or completely restart my phone. Anyone have any idea why this is happening amd/or a possible solution? Thanks in advance.",16 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
34,Vee Sha,"February 13, 2023",I've been using this app frequently for long. Recently this apps doesn't work properly! Suddenly glitch while using this app even while I'm trying to open the app! Even Unable to send or receive messages on time yet shows status active! Unable to find the last conversation... Also lost all the data. It's Total disaster compared at the moment. Kindly fix it.,76 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
35,Robyn Thornton,"February 13, 2023","Been having issues over the last few weeks; being unable to open videos sent/shared within the app, ""active status"" issues (basically shows every single contact being online), message delivery issues.. I've looked for any missed updates, whether it be for the Messanger app itself or other supporting apps within my phone.. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling. I've tried clearing the cache. So far, I haven't had any success in diagnosing the problem.",28 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
36,MrBorixon,"February 11, 2023","The app responds too slowly, lags so much that I can't see to which of my messages someone replied, it shows ""Replied: and someone's response"". In the menu I can't see who sent the most recent message to a group I'm in because it only shows that message, without the sender's name or nickname. Gifs take a long time to load, for the most part of the time I see ""XYZ sent a gif"" and it's not loading. Overall the app bugs a lot and takes a long time to deliver my message to someone. Please, fix this.",51 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
37,Christine _,"February 17, 2023",They keep adding stupid colors or themes every other update but the issue of being unable to search for old messages and scroll a bit higher is still there. Photos or attachments don't show up. Notification takes minutes to hours. Quality of photo or video is horrible. Take care of the bugs before adding anything else superficial.,242 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
38,M E,"February 17, 2023","This used to be a great app, these day's though it's something else - search function within threads broken / constantly crashing the app, gif's and vids failing to load and send causing it to crash the app. It's becoming unusable! (Cache and data cleared, uninstalled and reinstalled - no difference) it seems to have gotten this bad since ads started appearing down the thread list.",30 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
39,Lindsay Newcomb-Smith,"February 2, 2023","I no longer get notifications for all calls and sometimes even no notifications for messages. My calls section is just a big list of ""missed calls"". I submitted multiple bug reports and emailed Facebook support; no response. No settings have been changed. Notifications are on. No conversations are muted. Uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, still happening. I'm missing important calls from my loved ones and it's so frustrating. Started happening a little more than a week ago.",465 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
40,Arkadiusz Przemyślak,"January 31, 2023","A lot of bugs - can't scroll the conversation, do not see the information about conversation and other person (blank space), can't react or reply to message from someone else. Generally it is so bad, that all of the positive experience that I used to have is just gone. I've liked personal approach - changing motives, emotes etc. - also few different features was nice, even video calls and phone calls.",504 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
41,Evan D'Orazio,"February 2, 2023","New problem: group video chats effects don't go away once you turn them off, and 95% of the effects don't work when chosen. If you've scrolled to an earlier conversation, if your phone goes from portrait to landscape it will put you at the recent message in the convo, losing your place and having to start over. New issue: on Android, switching to landscape mode in video chat does not rotate the user's camera. I'm 90 degrees sideways. Happens every time.","1,769 people found this review helpful",4,Messenger
42,Kyle Leung,"February 2, 2023",I've been experiencing the same issues as a previous reviewer for the last 2-4 weeks. The app does not notify me of incoming video/audio calls or if I missed it. I don't realize it until after the person that tried contacting me asking why I didn't answer their call. When I opened the app is when I noticed that I missed the call. Also I cannot see my friend's online status despite us both enabling that feature and having no block settings. App reinstall & phone restart doesn't fix the issue,369 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
43,Zoë Cauvel,"February 15, 2023","Buggyyy. The info button doesn't even work so I can't search convos specifically for media anymore. When I get a message alert and tap the notification, the app won't open. Speech to text takes forever to initiate, if it even works. Video bugs the entire screen when played. Taking a forward facing photo from the app is impossible over half the time, I have to switch from forward to selfie mode and back to actually get the camera to work. Can't send photos. Message notifications not synced 👎🏻",727 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
44,ollie ramskill,"February 6, 2023","Honestly the worst app going, the call function decides to cut out constantly by either disconnecting (despite the Internet being fine) or the mic stops working for minutes at a time, sending media is a coin toss as to whether it works or not and the functions such as conversation search don't work ever. These problems have persisted for the past 3 years and despite people reporting them they are never fixed. Messages also decide when they want to show up or not.",137 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
45,Luciana Velasco,"February 10, 2023","At least for me, and as far as I've seen in a few comments, this app is almost completely broken. Just to name a few: Notifications don't work, you cannot search conversations, backgrounds glitch out frequently, the app itself sometimes just blacks out and you've got to force stop it (and even then it's not a guaranteed fix). It's becoming kind of unbearable to use it, and I've been using this app ever since it was launched.","1,809 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
46,Louisa Beal,"February 17, 2023","I often cannot scroll back up through conversations or play videos or enlarge pictures so it makes communicating a huge issue. And also on my chromebook app version, I am only able to type a few letters before the app freezes and I can't type or back space at all. Edit: now I can't open any links shared through Messenger from FB. I can only open them if the link is copy and pasted into the chat.",27 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
47,Márton Manó Hasznos,"February 12, 2023","It's full of annoying buggs. 1. When someone send me a pickture it says that xy sent you a picture. Like they wrote that message: xy: ""sent a picture"" into the chat but the picture doesn't appeare. 2. After viewing 1-2 videos it turns tottaly unscrollable. 3. Not all the time but very often it just doesn't deliver messages. 4. Nowadays it often doesn't notify me after i got a new message.",33 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
48,Isobelle “Izzy” Robinson,"February 3, 2023","just as everyone else is saying, the option to look through past messages is completely bust. for a while, to get anywhere, i would have to scroll all the way back to the top of the block of messages that i could access when searching for a message, and do that over and over again to make more messages load. now that doesn't even work. incredibly frustrating, it feels like the whole app is just slowly deteriorating. ive used this since 2017, yet this is enough to make me look for a new app",151 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
49,Mehedi Hasan,"February 12, 2023","12/02/23 at 11:40 AM I keep having problems with notifications, I don't receive any notifications when I get a message and nothing shows up even when I open the app. They only show when I refresh the page and it can be messages from two days ago. Sometimes, when I have already read a message, I get a notification about it after 5-10 minutes, even half an hour... I checked my notifications settings but there is nothing wrong. It is very frustrating!","1,394 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
50,Mandom,"February 4, 2023","I'm getting VERY delayed notifications, best case scenario would be about 5mins. worse, hours sometimes to the point that I don't receive them at all unless I open the app itself, even calls don't come in sometimes. I've tried everything, battery savings, data savings, turned off gaming mode, all permissions are allowed, floating windows are enabled, notifications on highest priority, clearing cache, updating, resetting phone, auto-start, EVERYTHING. I have no idea left to do, please fix this.","1,320 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
51,Rebecca Buckland,"January 29, 2023","The last couple weeks I have had a lot of issues. Messenger not notifying me of incoming video/voice calls. Not notifying me of new messages until I open the app then they ding through, or it notifies me, but when i open the message, the time stamp is from a while ago. It will show me I have a new message in my notifications, I can see the preview, but when I open the chat it won't come through for sometimes 10 minutes. Never shows me if people are online. So many issues.","1,889 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
52,Linda C,"February 15, 2023",What is going on? Why does the app keep glitching sooooooooo bad? It's been a bad few weeks. Have had to completely delete the app and re-download just to get messages to finally appear. Pictures shared by friends are not visible. Videos or links shared all don't work when they do for others in the chat. It is just falling to pieces basically. Please update bugs soon! Have always loved until now.,16 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
53,Dovilė Noreikaitė,"January 31, 2023","Such a terrible service. Half of the year, I'm experiencing a lot of troubles. For example, writing long text and it's deleted if I scroll in internet for some information and come back to the app (never happened before. You always started where you finished), emoji symbol icon disappears. After that during the day I have to reinstall the app at least several times, but after that more that half emojies are gone, just basic ones, so I can't use my favourite ones. Totally disaster.",204 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
54,u12bdragon,"January 21, 2023","Used to be an 8/10 app. Now it's more like a 3/10. They removed the ability to scroll through the pictures left and right whenever you click on a picture in a chat. Also, it automatically mutes you whenever you join a call. Videos also take forever to load now. These along with a couple other really bad changes in the latest updates have turned this app into a dumpster fire.stupid? Edit: also, you cannot voice type in ""floating chat"" mode. You have to actually open up the app.","11,609 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
55,P Dav,"December 29, 2022","Numerous features broken without explanation. I've been experiencing an almost complete lack of basic functionality for close to 2 months now. GIF embed, photo downloads, and theme settings are all broken. I get an error message stating ""something went wrong, try again"". Messages will randomly be ""unable"" to be sent. The app and my phone are all up to date. I reported this bug, but received no reply and the issue does not appear to be of concern to fix. It is very annoying.","3,003 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
56,Sasha Palafox,"December 5, 2022","Super disappointed with this update! The speaker phone never works no matter how many times you switch it to it. Bluetooth disconnects it only wants to work through the ear piece of the phone which is extremely frustrating! The old messenger wasn't perfect but it's 1 million times better than this! Please fix it or go back to the way it was, I don't even ever want to use it after this terrible update!!!!","10,300 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
57,Seth Milano,"January 8, 2023","I can't, for the life of me, figure out why when I switch between messaging from my page or my personal profile, the entire layout of the app changes. The entire look and functionality of the app changes. In addition, when attempting to message a group admin, it prompts me to switch accounts, but it will not let me choose whatever account I'm using. Not only that, but after choosing an account, it doesn't start a message!!! This app is so buggy and broken, just like Facebook itself.","3,674 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
58,Anthony Torres,"January 24, 2023",It constantly removes people I recently spoke to and it just doesn't feel as clean as it used to especially when you have the phone in a landscape position. The keyboard won't let you send and to send a message you have to close the conversation then reopen it. And it just constantly bugs out. If my friends were fine texting I'd permanently remove this app.,401 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
59,Tadas Švabauskas,"December 4, 2022","Bugs, lags. The usual stuff. But the most annoying feature of the app is when you open it up and see some random people you used to chat with. No, I don't want to see them. There is no way to disable it. The other thing is when you try to share/forward the message - it opens up the list of random people and maybe couple of recent chatted people. I suggest making that the user could add 'favorite' people. that list pop up before other random people in the list when you want to forward messages.","4,227 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
60,AV,"February 2, 2023","Horrible since the update! Here's the list: - Cant ever receive calls, only a missed call notification after. - One side of the phone screen stops working when I'm on vid call. Worse when other party screen shares cuz then my entire screen freezes up. - When on vid call, the other party's audio goes on mute as soon as I say something then goes back to normal when I stop. - phone mic is still being used despite ending calls long ago. Had to close app from background to turn it off. FIX IT ASAP!",59 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
61,David Reed,"January 30, 2023","When we buy a new device, everything works as it should, fast, smooth, no headaches. Then come the updates with promises of better app structure and performance, only to be let down every time. The phone was built with the features it has, mostly why I bought it. Stop with the needless updates that only hinders the devices original performance. More tech doesn't always mean better.","1,647 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
62,Monika Marszalik,"February 11, 2023","great app!! what I would add to improve the quality: - searching a message by its date - adding a ""star"" to the most important messages that could be reviewed - ""to do list"" that would be shared similarly to planning - calendar that could be shared between both people with possibility of adding activities with different colors to differ them, not only to plan one specific event",30 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
63,Jason Eldreth,"February 13, 2023",Not sure what has happened to this app but it's terrible now. Can't log in and out without it locking up. Messages don't go through sometimes or come in. Not sure what changed but it's an absolute dumpster fire now. Update: it's worse now than before. doesn't notify of messages half the time. sometimes it notifies me of messages I read yesterday. Upgraded from dumpster fire to natural disaster,11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
64,Sasha Clarke,"February 8, 2023","Can't hear very good when I'm Facebook calling someone the volume comes in-and-out and I have very good Internet connection and sometimes with messenger my messages don't deliver Even when the other person is connected to Wi-Fi or data and they still won't get it until minutes later, I tested it out with my friend in the same room. But other than that it's great! So 4 stars, please fix those problems and it'll be a 5 😊","1,506 people found this review helpful",4,Messenger
65,Chelle Ross,"February 20, 2023","This app is falling apart. Messages don't deliver half the time, sometimes they went send altogether. And you almost always have to open the app for messages to come through. You also can't see when people are active a lot, even though other people can see them active. It's just a mess.",8 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
66,Joanna Fields,"February 11, 2023","Messenger used to be my go-to to get ahold or friends and family, because I could see if they are online. Now ALL my contacts/friends seem to ALWAYS be online, even though they're not. When I restart the app, it will show when they were last online again, and then a few minutes later they all show up online again. It's really frustrating how many MORE issues seem to pop up every time an update is installed.",51 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
67,emily,"February 17, 2023",Lots of issues lately. I cant answer calls unless i go in the app and click on the call icon at the top. I cant send voice messages or videos if I am using a chat bubble has to be in the app and now voice messages and photos sent from other people are not loading. Idk what the hell fb did since this was never an issue before but these bugs are gettibg ridiculous. Fix it please!!!!,12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
68,Andrzej P.,"January 9, 2023","App is rather user friendly and easy to use. Messages are easy to compose and read. Media sharing is really handy. But all that if it actually works. Recently a lot of bugs are present, which are really annoying, like bugged crop region (takes screen size for crop rather than image size), read notification problems, old text retention in chat input (old text appear randomly in chat input), and few more. Only 2 ""recent"" people in sharing screen; suggested people are random.. it's not so smart.",707 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
69,Brittany L,"January 22, 2023","Every single time i update i have problems. I can uninstall the app and it won't reinstall the updated version, and instead gives me an older version which means i lose features in the app like emojis. The chat bubble keeps closing on its own and won't reopen when i get a message. This app is way more work than it should be to maintain. For such a large corporation such as Meta, there's no reason for these types of issues. And for it to be a constant issue? Shameful.",335 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
70,Jeffrie Gonzalez,"February 15, 2023","Messenger is still absolute trash. If I can give it 0 stars, I would. No one is receiving any messages. Now the picture button is gone during video chat. The camera is always showing the wrong picture. Video chat is trash when it comes to navigating between Bluetooth and speaker phone. Now I can't make my video chat window smaller when I'm trying to multitask on my phone",106 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
71,Like ya cut g (NattPatt),"February 14, 2023","The app is really broken right now, messages takes an hour or minute for the person to receive, sending picture and replying is also broken, instead of the picture showing up it's either all grey or just straight up text ""Photo sent."" and even if the picture/video is sent the quality is so poor and instead of the usual reply it changes to ""Replied:"" so I can't really know if the person is replying to me or not in GC, Pinning and etc are also broken, please fix the bugs it's really annoying.","1,042 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
72,Memer Boi85,"February 12, 2023","I've been using this on my phone for over a year however recently it's not showing my messages were delivered, or that people have read my messages. Before this it's also not been showing accurate times that people have been reading my messages. The only way I can see accurate read times is on my computer which is very inconvenient. Please fix this.",15 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
73,J C,"February 10, 2023",Useless! Used to be brilliant and my go to messenger service but for the last couple of weeks it keeps crashing and not sending messages. Started with not sending notifications that I had received messages to then not sending my messages. Only way to resolve it is to uninstall and reinstall - which is too much hassle as I'd have to do it everytime I picked up my phone! Reported problem once but no feedback etc etc...,69 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
74,Patrick,"February 13, 2023",I love the app since it is faster than using the messages app but I hate that every now and again notifications decide to no longer work correctly! It is beyond frustrating and has already led to someone worrying about me being either depressed or upset with them. I know my settings are fine in this app and I still recieve notifications from others! This and Facebook are the only two that seem to have this problem. It needs adressed and fixed,9 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
75,tin,"February 4, 2023","Used to be a good app, but lately, its getting really bad. The notifications would get really buggy and late, ex: i would read the messages real time, but when i leave the chat, the bubble would start notifying me of the already seen messages. Most of the time, when i try to enter the chat, the chat wouldn't load at all or it would notify me that i'm not part of the group(even tho i am). Even when I'm searching for specific messages, the chat won't load. I hope these problems will be addressed.",298 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
76,Van Zeppelin,"February 5, 2023","They have changed a lot of features and turned a great messaging app into a useless junk app. It is so broken now that my new messages notifications are intermittent, sometimes my phone will ding other times I have to go to the app before I see that I received a new message. That makes it hard to keep a conversation going especially with marketplace because they decided to hide market place messages in their own little folder.",35 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
77,Audhry Gueco,"January 11, 2023","I've used this app for the longest time since this is the main communication app in my country. I would give it a higher rating only if you can fix the issue where: Sometimes when someone send you a message or photo or file, you can't see what that is at all. It just a blank space that you can't see. And additionally, whenever I play voice message, my screen starts to black out.","5,614 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
78,Panda Pixie,"February 16, 2023","Sticker icons: gone! Photos: Sideways! Links: Irrelevant! These issues come and go CONSTANTLY! NEVER fully fixed!! Newest is the links; I'll get sent a video but will be watching a completely different one upon clicking it 🤬 new review (02/16/2023): This app is absolutely trash now!! Issues not resolved and continue happening, my messages aren't fully sending, things are delayed; just garbage!",37 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
79,Kelly Overbaugh,"January 27, 2023","Thought issues were fixed, but turns out everything is the same. Still can't go back and scroll through old messages, messages won't send, messages won't show up unless you close the app, and the reply feature and pin feature is completely worthless. If you press on the messages someone replied to, it refuses to take you to said message. With the pin feature, yes you can go back and see it, but if you press on it nothing will load or work. Old messages keep coming through despite being received.","3,877 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
80,Chantel Carter,"January 22, 2023","Since the update yesterday(1/21/23), the app won't allow me to hang up or exit while in a call. I have to power my phone down or wait for the person I'm speaking with to hang up. Also, the notifications for calls and messages either never come through or they're delayed until I actually open the app. I have all notifications enabled so I know that's not the issue. It usually works great, but the recent update tanked it.",934 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
81,Nirjona Tahsin,"February 19, 2023","Used to be one of the greatest app yet the updates turns it into an opposite. Facing issues for the disappearance of 'story' option as I used to be an active messenger user than Facebook.so, gotta know people’s day life by seeing 'story' from messenger. Since the new update has done, the 'story' option has been disappeared. Besides, Facing issues with sending messages and receiving them. I showed that the text has sent yet it found after few sec that sending failed. Donno what is going on !!",18 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
82,Carol Farias,"January 1, 2023","Latest update isn't working! Keeps saying ""something went wrong, please try again"" when I open the app. Bubbles not working, they pop up briefly and disappear. It won't display my messages, and I have to ""search"" the sender's name in order to read their message. Can't see message history, and when I want to message someone, I have to search for their name before I can message them. Frustrating! Please fix this app!","2,918 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
83,Jonna Mhay Ramoya,"February 12, 2023","Very disappointed with this app, worst experience with the updates. It keeps irritating me, thought that I have slow internet connection but the real problem is the app. Delayed messages, also experienced delayed calls (my friend and I are already together before the call reach me) 🙄. Can't back read conversations too. Also too slow to reveal if which message did someone reply. Better switch to other messaging app.",61 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
84,Alex the71,"February 13, 2023","I don't get notifications anymore. I have to manually see if someone has texted me. Ive tried to update it and it doesn't need an update. I've looked in my setting, I've looked in my notifications and everything is turned on and working. It's honestly infuriating. But otherwise I love it.",6 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
85,Hadrian Wilson,"February 11, 2023","2 stars because it doesn't really have ads, most people use it, and no image limit to send, other than that not much good to say, really slow, mostly don't get notifications, answer call function hardly works, and even with the app open messages sometimes don't show up, last and worst it doesn't even open now at all, done all the normal things, restart, reinstall etc.",61 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
86,Ellie Marchant,"February 3, 2023","I haven't been able to use the search function for at least a couple of months now, when it does decide to load it only loads a small section and won't load anything before or after that. And recently I've started receiving notifications for old messages that I've already read and replied to. At the moment they've only been messages from the past 24 hours but it still makes things confusing, thinking I've received a new message when I haven't.",125 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
87,Gothic Fairytales,"January 25, 2023","This messaging app is wonderful! I like how you can set themes on friend's text, it's good so far. Facetime chages alot from what I can remember, but you guys have to fix text search. For that reason, everytime I go back to my text from history it loads up ""try again later,"" ""went somthing wrong"" and when I search the word it takes a very slow progress to upload the pass text. So Asking you to please fix this.",224 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
88,N T,"February 12, 2023","They just keep making the app worse. With the latest update I don't a notification when i have a ne message. Even when i open the app to check new notifications don't show in bold anymore, i have to go to each person to see if the message is new. Some things are friends inviting to go to things and we miss it because stupid fb messenger isn't sending us a notification like it's supposed too. I'm not the only one, most my friends say they are having the same problem!!!",30 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
89,Danielle Quinn,"February 13, 2023","Used to be a great app but since the updates it's gone really down hill. With the latest update I can't load or even read new FB marketplace messages in the seperate inbox that FB has created. I have to go on to my FB page, click on marketplace and click on inbox to read them and respond. Not to mention hardly get the notifications telling me about new messages. Sometimes I don't even know I have a message until I click on the app etc.",24 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
90,Jeff Swiss,"January 6, 2023","UPDATE: happy to notice changes in user interface! Now all buttons in the bottom, easy to use with onehand Like this messanger for writing and calling with my family and friends. However last update deliver very inconvenient change - call drop button was move to the top right corner and was reduce in size 2-3 times. Now it is not possible to drop a call without using second hand and also requires to focus to find it. Hope UI/UX developers change it back to bugger and in the bottom of the screen!",454 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
91,Jade Shying,"February 15, 2023","No idea what you guys have done, but I've had nothing by problems with sending and receiving messages this last month. no notification half the time and when I send messages to people, it will say ""sent"" and not ""delivered"" and won't come up as ""delivered"" until I send a 2nd message and then both will go through at the same time. I've been accused of leaving people on ""read"" because my messages aren't going through when I send them.",43 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
92,Cheskitten,"February 4, 2023",This app used to be pretty decent but suddenly back in November the Search in Conversation feature broke and if anything has only gotten worse. I keep checking for updates in the hope eventually one that fixes it appears but it's now February and it is still broken. This doesn't seem like something that should take three months to fix. What are the updates we get even doing? This feature being broken has almost completely killed my experience because I used it extremely frequently.,32 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
93,Bree Waghorn,"February 14, 2023","Over the last few months, my notifications for messenger only show one message now (the first unread) rather than the latest 3 or 4 that someone has sent. As a shift worker, I often use my notifications to check if something is important without opening it (I leave the notification until I'm able to actually reply). Also, doesn't work on Android Auto.",9 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
94,Josh,"February 3, 2023",UPDATE---Unsend feature not working across different chats. Unsend only works with encrypted chats. The URL filtering is pretty bad. It even blocks most of the sites that doesn't need to be blocked when sending it on chats! Already cleared data and reinstalled the app still persist. I have send an issue report through the app. I just need to start an encrypted chat just to send the URL!,"3,161 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
95,Katie Levac,"January 9, 2023","There's a few issues that need addressing. When you search for terms and such in the search conversation bar, you can view them, but it won't jump to the message when you tap on some of the search results. When you do manage to view it, you can't scroll down very far because it gets stuck loading messages and won't show more than a handful of them. This has been ongoing for a few months now with no fix.",357 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
96,Sapphire Flint,"December 31, 2022","Great app when it works, but now it very rarely notifies me when people have messaged me. There have been times where I've gone days without even knowing someone's messaged me and this really defeats the point of having an app that's supposed to tell you. Considering there are many others having the same problem I would've thought something would've been done about it at this point. This also goes for the message badges not popping up or even loading up messages when they finally do appear.",739 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
97,Cosmin Fătu,"February 20, 2023","****FIXED *after 1 year they decide to roll an update that makes the chathead transparent for 2 seconds instead of freezing the phone.. WAS ABOUT TIME. DON'T USE THIS APP WITH ANDROID 12. Chatheads are bugged. If you try to touch them or move them, the phone freezes for 2 seconds, it is extremely frustrating. And no, it's not happening only to me. Everyone i know with android 12, HAS THIS ISSUE! Update: The problem keeps reappearing around 4 days so i have to reinstall to fix it, beats nothing",47 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
98,Jazmin,"January 10, 2023","Unlike the Facebook app this is very usable, but some small things that bothers me; you can view when others have seen your message by clicking on it, but if it is a reel from Facebook, you cannot. Clicking on it opens the reel in Facebook, and there's no other way to view when it was seen. Lately, the read receipts aren't working anyways. It just gives you the same time it was sent, even though it was not viewed when sent. Very small and wouldn't effect many, but it does personally bother me.","1,806 people found this review helpful",4,Messenger
99,Mooncakes,"February 17, 2023","Awful. The dang app breaks in half of what you do. You can't watch videos if someone looks at chat, messages don't even fully deliver half the time. (Not a connection issue.) Not to mention how much of a downgrade the chat bubble system is compared to the previous one. Revert it!",22 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
100,Taylor Carter,"January 29, 2023",I've had nothing but problems with this app ever since I switched from iPhone to android. I. Constantly having to either restart my phone or turn of my data just to get the app to work. Whether it's an android problem or a problem with the app it needs to be fixed UPDATE: A year later and I'm still having issues. Now I can't complete a video call. It says calling but sits there and makes the sound like it's trying to connect. I've done everything from restarting my phone to re-download the app,268 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
101,Jennifer Palacios,"February 12, 2023","Works well except it has stopped giving me notifications!!!!! I have checked all of the phone and app settings, it WILL NOT give me a notification but if I open the app I can see messages sitting there!!! So frustrating. I've tried all the suggestions when I've googled. Can't fix it. Till this happened it worked fine.",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
102,Anthony Pinson,"January 31, 2023","I've tried everything, but I'm no longer getting notifications from this app. Checked to make sure all notifiations were on, that the app was prevented from going to sleep, that the battery wasn't restricting usage, etc. Nothing works. For about the last week, I'm not getting notifications. Absolutely frustrating!",148 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
103,Harris Burton,"February 8, 2023","This update is absolutely nonsense, please upgrade this or downgrade it to what it used to be immediately . Not user friendly at all , I wished I never updated. It lost a lot of it's usual features. The use of already saved video to answer or make calls which is usually selected from the background roll isn't working anymore. The speed rate is very slow compared to the former. Infact, if this is what Facebook used to be I don't think it would have been one of the best social app. No rating.",291 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
104,Farah Abd,"February 13, 2023",It's just absolutely frustrating when you're listening to a voice message and the screen goes black midway. It happens every single time even if the message is 10 seconds long. The same applies to WhatsApp. The recordings just keep pausing and pausing.,13 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
105,Kennith Simmons,"February 17, 2023","It used to take only a few seconds to send through messages now it takes nearly a few minutes per each. This has been going on for over 24 hours now when usually things like this would only last a few minutes. The other reviews have clued me in this is probably an issue with messenger itself possibly due to a recent update. Please fix this soon, it's disturbed my ability to communicate with people I don't really have other ways of talking to.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
106,Jacqui Keat,"December 10, 2022","I had no problems at all with the app until the update 2 days ago. In the chats screen, with all the conversations, the unread messages would always be very noticeable in bold font so you could see that they were unread messages. Now, they are barely showing as bold at all, and they look just like all the other messages that have already been read. I've tried going into my settings and changing the font type and size to see if it improves, but nothing works. Please fix this error.","1,855 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
107,pa Pranoy,"January 2, 2023","2/01/23 at 8:13 AM I keep having problems with notifications. I don't receive any notifications when I get a message and nothing shows up even when I open the app. They only show when I refresh the page and it can be messages from two days ago. Sometimes, when I have already read a message, I get a notification about it after 5-10 minutes, even half an hour... I checked my notifications settings but there is nothing wrong. It is very frustrating!","9,281 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
108,Jaimee Me,"December 5, 2022","When I recieve a message, the chat bubble pops up, but in the app there is nothing highlighted. So if I swipe away the chat, when i go into the app I can't see what is unread or read because nothing is in bold or highlighted. I've tried clearing the cache, delete and reinstall, restarting phone, phone is updated. But nothing is working, so I can never see what is unread because it's all the same with the already read messages. It's very very frustrating! Please fix this bug!",442 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
109,Garmofky Gregory Alan Armstrong,"February 15, 2023","I updated app today and finally it opened, maybe I can use it. I dont use much of all the options & features, I just message & call once in a while, so I dont know if it works with all the features a lot of people are reporting problems about but I now can get it to open instead of a message saying ""unfortunately messanger has stopped OK or REPORt"" !",8 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
110,Vic Stone,"January 8, 2023","Super easy to use.. can take the place of text messages if need be. If traveling overseas, you can use messenger instead of texts and calls (video chat) and it's always free. It also can notify you on your phone when you have a message, just like when you get a notification when you receive a text. You can also share large #'s of pics and videos all at once.","1,969 people found this review helpful",5,Messenger
111,Morello,"February 18, 2023","For some stupid reason, photos won't send. My connection is great but they just won't send. It tells me ""message could not be sent."" I'm also not receiving calls from my friends even though both theirs and mines audio is on. Messanger freezes. Speaker doesn't work even though you press it. Messanger has a lot of problems that ruin the experience and seriously need to be fixed. Messanger sucks and I'm not using it again until these issues get fixed. Probably won't cause they don't care.",15 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
112,Travis Adams,"February 2, 2023","Gets worse, never better. Basic functionality is lost with every so-called update. Updates are supposed to mean upgrades, Meta! Did you forget that? Internal Facebook links sent to me or from me only serve to link to something completely different; never to what was intended. Once sent in the chat, I can't even click on the video THAT I SENT, to view it again! This is only describing the newest shameful debacle, from a very long list. Get it together, or consider changing your career.",159 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
113,Geraint Williams,"February 12, 2023","Don't get any message notifications. Only know I have a message when I open the app. Have tried everything suggested, uninstalled and reinstalled, reset app preferences, checked notification settings, even wiped the phone, still the same. It's happening to a lot of people. Whatever it is, please fix it.",10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
114,jenlyace,"February 13, 2023","with the new normal, it would be very much helpful if there would be a feature that let's users organize the group chats, especially separating school/work related group chats into personal ones! aside from that, there are a lot of bugs, like profile pictures being not updated, playing all videos sent lags the app...",18 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
115,Matt You,"February 8, 2023","It gets buggier as it updates. Update: Now Messenger just stops functioning properly when I tap on a replied message. It doesn't bring me to the message and just stops receiving new messages instead. Sometimes when I open it from Facebook or homescreen, the side menu is slightly peeking so it made me think the app froze. I have to swipe it right and left to hide it so it won't get in the way. It's annoying because Messenger wasn't like this back then. New features, new bugs.",110 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
116,Danielle Robinson,"February 12, 2023","Honestly messenger... you really need to figure it out. I've had issues with receiving notifications from people messaging, I'm even sending messages to people that DONT SHOW UP AFTERWARDS!? I've had to clear data, and Uninstall this app so many times and it still doesn't work. Seriously people please figure out how to fix all of these problems!! I am a business owner and use this app to get a hold of clients and all these issues keep happening!",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
117,"Rebadomia, Bhea Marie R.","February 4, 2023","Multiple bugs. I would gladly list them; messages from friends only appear in the notifications and bubble but NOT in chat, a lot of occasions where clicking the person's icon does not open the chat room, unsending messages don't work, and opening the bubble takes a lot more time than it usually should, and for some reason old messages are being notified again. Don't reply at me with those bots about maybe trying to restart our phones since we already tried that. Fix this for your users.",21 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
118,Cristiana Simona,"December 29, 2022","There are issues with this app and new updates. When you open the app and open chat with someone, and if you scroll up, the screen freeze, is lagging, when you have a video call you cannot hear the other person and you receive messages with a very long delay of few hours or few days sometimes. It was better before, but now the app has some issues.","2,098 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
119,Catherine Root,"February 7, 2023",Mostly works ok on my Huawei but lately I'm not getting notified when someone messages me from marketplace so have to keep checking. Also it shows there are unread messages when there aren't and even clearing the cache or force stopping doesn't always work now to solve it. Some pictures show as black when shared in the app but when clicked on they're fine. Messages showing delivered not read even when someone is actively replying! It's gone a bit Pete Tong. Sort it out Meta.,11 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
120,Katrina Musseau,"February 15, 2023","For the past 2-3 weeks, my messages don't go through. It sits as sent even if the other person is online. I've cleared the cache, deleted and reinstalled the app, and restarted my phone multiple times. It still doesn't send the message for hours, I've had it sit there for over 8 hours as sent but never delivered.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
121,Adam Bishop,"January 23, 2023","4+ years ago this app used to be flawless, but since then it has significantly gone downhill. For an app that's run by such a huge company, it is really poorly put together and feels like it was made by a college student in a few days. It is riddled with bugs, basic functionality has been removed, Android Auto compatibility is no longer a thing in Europe which just encourages people to use their phone whilst driving. Absolutely unacceptable and it's clear the developers have given up on it.",419 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
122,青月藍,"February 16, 2023","When switching accounts, there is always a problem that says ""Session Expired"", prevent me from staying log-in or removing it in my phone 'cuz it always ""bugs"". This erroneous bug is never fixed for many years because of constant updating with new features, it is a one major problem when using Messenger. Everyone says the same. IGNORANCE CANNOT BE TOLERATED.",0,2,Messenger
123,Colore di Vita Photography,"January 26, 2023","I enjoy keeping contact with friends and family on Messenger, but the Active Status feature is constantly breaking on Android (it isn't broken on my iPad), so it will only show someone was active up to 3 hours ago. As soon as it is 4 or more hours, it will not show anything there (it is supposed to be up to 24 hours). Also, now the Seen timestamp is broken and shows the time the message was sent instead of when it was seen, and it may not have been actually seen (shows not new for recipient)!",255 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
124,Diane B,"January 13, 2023","I like this app for messaging most friends and family. Photos and video send with good resolution quality. I've no complaints when it comes to texting friends, but a complaint I do have is that Marketplace has its own folder, and I am not always made aware that I have a message I need to reply to. Currently, when I open the marketplace folder, it's blank and shows I have absolutely no messages which has caused me to miss out on a few things and has made it difficult to sell items from Facebook.","5,613 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
125,The Ox Group,"January 13, 2023","It won't let me open marketplace messages. When you click on the marketplace icon from the list when you're on the screen with your friends list messages, it opens marketplace messages and the screen is black. I've re-download, cleared cache and phone reset multiple times. I have the newest phone available and fully up to date. This is clearly a FB (Meta) issue.","4,257 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
126,Jonathan Edge,"February 1, 2023","Search chat function is completely broken. When you select an old message to view it, most of the time you just get a white screen. On the rare occasion you get through to a message, you can't scroll any further up or down the conversation for whatever reason. This function worked perfectly a few months ago, I don't understand how it's gotten so much worse. Unusuable in its current form.",210 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
127,Ross White,"January 23, 2023","I mean, where do I start? It's fine. Chat heads are revolutionary and should be used everywhere. It's great for finding my SMS messages or being reminded to check them. With ADHD that's a massive plus. However, a ton of my messages don't send, sometimes I don't get SMS, and it can't even load in my previous conversations. As in, at present I cannot browse conversations. Irritating. Be better. Work on data handling.","1,418 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
128,Holly Wally,"January 31, 2023","Messenger used to be great but it's awful now. It constantly crashes while writing messages, I get notifications for messages that I'd recieved and opened hours ago, I don't get notifications when I receive messages, messages don't always send, calls don't go through, the connections bad and the calls drop a lot. If this continues I'll be changing to another app. It's so buggy. PLEASE FIX IT.",352 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
129,Wade Beadle,"February 2, 2023","The newest update is completely awful. It removed loads of quality of life from this app. I used this app so much, pretty much depended on it to message everybody, now who knows if I'll even open it back up. Just terrible. Change it back. Edit as of 2/1/23: still hot garbage that is hardly usable. The ""bubble"" that pops up is unreliable. Half of the time it won't load what ever conversation I was having. I have to close the bubble and open the direct app. So many other features I hate...",108 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
130,H D D,"January 28, 2023","I guess there was a recent update? Suddenly I get multiple notifications for an old message. Or I don't get a notification at all, unless I open the app. Sometimes the notification sound will turn off. Sometimes it chimes anyway? Why can't you guys leave stuff alone, when it's working just fine, as is???",205 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
131,sarah a,"February 13, 2023",I did a test on different devices and with different apps such as Whatsapp. I am getting notifications for everything else but not messenger. I thought my phone was messed up but it's not it's just this app. I started last week I don't even get notifications when I'm in the app and when someone read my message it didn't show on my end. My notifications are also on and even set to priority but still nothing.,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
132,Evee Wolfmane,"February 10, 2023","Fix the bubbles!! I don't usually have problems with this app, it's one of my main methods of keeping in touch with people. But recently the bubbles have not been popping up, even though all of the settings are enabled in messenger and my phone. Not really a huge problem, but it's really frustrating to have to try and fix it every night and they come back for a while, and then go back to not popping up a few hours later.",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
133,ugne Čaps,"December 20, 2022","Using it for contacting is really easy and practical, unfortunately there are some bugs I've encountered many times.. From different devices. In some the messages don't pop up even though the option to pop up is on. Also I am unable to change group cover photo because if I do it turns BLANK WHITE and no matter what I do it's always that way. Very annoying bugs, wish they were fixed.","1,150 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
134,omierufus,"January 5, 2023","please for the love of god fix this app. i know the issues i'm having are trivial but the fact that i can't look back at conversations currently is frustrating, and often times it won't even open the chat i'm repeatedly tapping on. sometimes i have to back out of the conversation i'm actively having to view the most recent message that's been sent, and that's been an issue for ages. oh and there's one conversation that simply won't open and is a ""request"" though i'm friends with this person.",198 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
135,Mary Francis Hixson,"January 8, 2023","I love the app, but for some reason, the new update took chat heads away. I have to manually select conversations to be bubbles, but it still doesn't actually show new messages 1/7/23 This is pretty rad. All my group or page chats are gone. Won't show up even in search. My new messages don't show up. If I watch a video, the play bar gets stuck on my screen, and my phone freezes. IDK what yall are doing, but get your old programmers back. The new ones suck.",174 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
136,IMTIAZ ARCO,"February 11, 2023","Hangs too much and does not delete any messages or even unssend messages functions are not working. Honestly the new video call interface is a bummer and it shuts the video off if I switch to another app, even though I have the picture-in-picture options turned on. Earlier call interfaces wasn't like this. Getting worse day by day",42 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
137,Tiana Hawver,"January 7, 2023","The last couple of months, this app hasn't worked properly. The bubbles for messages sometimes show up, but most of the time, they don't. Inside my message history, I can't tell which messages are unread because the font isn't bold. My phone and the app are updated. Before now, I would have rated this app higher. I also noticed that sharing reels from Facebook directly to Messenger friends from the share options causes many of them to be unavailable once sent.","1,619 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
138,daishihan,"January 22, 2023",Become incredibly slower over the duration of the last year. Isn't a personal performance problem as I've got more than adequate space and performance on my device to cope with. The app just doesn't work properly anymore. Late notifications. Sometimes nothing at all. Very slow. Failed messages. Sort it out would ya,206 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
139,Karen Baldwin,"February 9, 2023","I used to love this app. I like it for chatting and texting. Used to love it for face time, but can't do that any more. I have a few friends I love to FaceTime with. But they can't call me. I always have to call them. I have Uninstalled the app, reset my phone and shut it off at night nothing helps to get it back to normal.",20 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
140,Schmengo Wengo,"January 26, 2023","App barely functions, doesn't give notifications, calling is glitchy at best (and won't maintain connection, discord is way more stable) bubble chat feature only works sporadically and trying to crop photos both on and off that mode is a nightmare. Plenty of other notification related issues as well. Used to be a pretty reliable app but it's been steadily going down in usability!",179 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
141,Landon Ternet,"January 26, 2023","Update: 3 years later and it's still happening. Pathetic. Full of glitches. Will be responding to a message, then it will open a new window randomly from several minutes ago thinking its a new message , won't play videos if someone sends a word text while you're watching (will freeze), won't let me close out chat heads and I'll literally have to reboot my phone to get rid of it. Totally pathetic.",322 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
142,Rebecca Lyon,"February 16, 2023","This app is trash. FB suggests making a separate page for a personal business but then having two pages with different people messaging you confuses this app so much. I won't get any notifications and then I'm constantly getting logged out. If I didn't have a lot of contacts that only use messenger, I would be uninstalling immediately.",0,2,Messenger
143,Breaker (DagherBlade50),"February 7, 2023",I am no longer getting notifications of incoming messages or calls. I have to sometimes now periodically open the app and that forces messenger to update all my chats with the latest messages. Also now some of my friends don't get my messages to them unless they also open the app. Not a very good service if the app doesn't notify you automatically of meesages.,10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
144,Cathlyn Engel Lontoc,"January 10, 2023","I am really dissapointed with this app. It was working fine before but after a few updates, it started having issues. First, even if my network is stable, it will say I have network connection error and it will not load the messages unless I close the app and open it again. Second, even if new messages arrive, I could not read it after opening the chat heads even if it pops up on the notifications. There are many more issues, I hope this gets fixed.","2,529 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
145,Mangirdas,"February 11, 2023","If you transfer your messenger app using Samsung Smart Switch to a new phone (to keep your full chat history), it will cause push notifications to not work and messages sent by others to you to not be delivered, while showing no errors and giving the illusion that everything works fine. Clearing the data obviously fixes this issue (but deletes the chat history). Giving 1 star in hope to bring developer attention to this issue.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
146,Natasha Kearney,"December 22, 2022","The app has stopped notifying me of messages arriving. It doesn't even put a dot badge on the app icon anymore. This means I miss messages from people. I have turned chat heads on to see if that helps but I hate intrusive chat heads so would rather not have to use that feature. Happened on my old phone and my new phone, so I think it's an app problem not a phone settings problem. Also, I hate having adverts in a messaging app and wish there was an option to pay a one-off fee to turn them off.",427 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
147,Oxid Media,"February 18, 2023","tries too hard to be cool but it's nothing more than a glorified version of 2010's Skype. it fails to keep up with a modern feature set, the app's menus are not intuitive, the spambot infestation and too much Facebook integration for its own good are its major flaws. whatever this does, Discord and Telegram do 1000 times better and more elegantly",0,2,Messenger
148,Dawid Morethan,"December 16, 2022",I can't believe this app has been developed by the tech giant Meta. The app is so buggy it's a joke. The programmers who developed it lack imagination. Reasons: 1. Can't send gifs 2. Can't share content with other apps 3. The screen goes off when playing videos 4. The screen goes off and stops when playing voice messages 5. Can't fast-forward the voice message. 6. The app often crashes when playing a video. 7. Share feature gives you a list of random Facebook friends instead of the recent ones.,"1,349 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
149,Chloe S,"February 8, 2023","Videos crash app, have to close and reopen everytime. Crop image doesnt work in bubbles. PF pics are usually missing. Backgrounds don't work, just solid colour most of the time. Images save as Gifs, but you can't send gifs?? Fonts never work. Image quality is awful. Update: Links to Instagram reels don't open the correct link ever! This app is beyond poor now I'm so fed up",72 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
150,Tomek Rynkiewicz,"January 26, 2023","This app used to be good but it seems like with each update new bugs come in and don't get fixed. Sometimes the app freezes, preventing me from reacting to messages, opening a chat, or searching messages, or just scrolling up to see older messages. Cropping is broken when editing images. Also, not a bug, but when editing a photo, the ""Share to story"" button is where my phone's back button is and leads to accidentally sharing images to my story. Messages keep disappearing after I try to send them","1,553 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
151,Niklaus Dayrit,"January 30, 2023","Too many bugs. You keep updating messenger with useless features. Messages are not updated in real-time whether or not I'm actively using the app. It notifies the user minutes after the message was actually sent. The pinned messages is useless if you can't even see what you pinned alongside the conversation screen. Fix your app, the 2016 version of this app is way better than it is now. Also, please stop making messenger like a different social media platform from Facebook.","6,216 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
152,Sharon,"February 12, 2023","Messenger freezes each time I use it. It won't allow me to react to my grandchildren's photos and videos🤬. If I touch the photo, my page goes haywire and auto rotates for minutes, I have my tablet set for ""portrait"" but it goes 360° in circles. I am so very frustrated that I am unable to send reactions to my family. Why does it freeze all the time? My old cellphone did the same! My WiFi and settings are correct. If anyone can relate or help send me a friend request.🙄",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
153,DX ARB,"February 3, 2023","I can't see my old messages.. when search to see my old messages it doesn't work anymore.. after viewing the conversation for a while the subsequent conversations are not coming to messenger. It disappointed me a lot. This problem is not happening now, this problem has been occurring for quite some time.. I thought this problem will be fixed next time but this problem hasn't been solved. Please get to it as early as possible. There's a a lot of old texts I need so see so please solve it.",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
154,Strange Sabina,"February 11, 2023","Used to be a good app But now, when I receive a call I can't see who it is and therefore can't answer. And two minutes later I receive a message that I missed a call. I also receive notifications from messages that I already read an hour ago. Or get a notification of a message but can't see the actual message. Photos or video attachments often don't show either",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
155,maria scarbrough,"January 30, 2023","I noticed yesterday I wasn't getting notifications. I would open the app and pick a message and boom, there were like 5 messages that I never got notified about. Same thing happened again today. I saw people complaining about an update recently I had no idea was installed. Please fix this issue! I am missing important messages that I can't afford to miss",94 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
156,Winnie Mae,"December 11, 2022","Messenger keeps crashing esp when using chatheads like when you open voice message, photos, and videos. It's also not notifying me messages when my internet connection is good, it runs in the background like no restrictions set for this app! I have to open it and refresh all the time to see if theres a message. I don't know what's happening, it's the worst messaging app right now. Hope this could be fixed.","5,567 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
157,Damian West,"February 15, 2023","Had a glitch lately where if I swipe back from a message back into my list of messages I can't tap on anything, nothing on the screen can be interacted with, so I have to force close and reopen the app. Still happening after latest patch. It's infuriating. Might as well go back to SMS.",0,2,Messenger
158,Emil Olaguir (LoBS),"February 18, 2023","There seems to be a problem with the app when Dual Messenger feature is enabled in Samsung. Even if it is turned off for Messenger, a second messenger link is created and it seems to cause the app to freeze very frequently. A workaround I found was to uninstall updates to Android System Webview and update it manually. This seems to make the app more stable but I feel Samsung and Meta should connect to get this fixed permanently. Crashes are becoming more often now",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
159,Tchai,"February 8, 2023",My messenger isn't working! Whenever I tap on the app ikon to open it it opens but it stays blank white. Does not show any messages or anything. Disgusting is that they aren't fixing it after all the negative reviews like they don't care! I hope they fix this problem as soon as possible. I have my coaching group there and I need to use this app for it.,12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
160,Jeffrey Dilts,"January 6, 2023","I am actually relieved that I'm not the only one who isn't receiving notifications. Now, I only receive my messages when I log out and log back into the app, sometimes my messages aren't received for hours, and changing it to the primary SMS makes it worse. I only gave a second star because of it's successes in the past, and to be able tocommunicate with people with inactive numbers. Please fix these bugs, because sometimes missing an important message is more than just an inconvenience.",169 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
161,Francesca Lambe,"December 28, 2022","Having issues searching back in conversations since Sept. I can search a keyword but then it only loads a handful of messages surrounding that searched term. If I try to scroll, it says 'something went wrong'. Uninstall/reinstall will fix it until the pop up for 'introducing cross-app messaging' comes up then it starts acting up again. Happening on a friend's phone too, same issue-- once that cross-app thing pops up, you can't search until you uninstall/reinstall.",231 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
162,Samuel Rendon,"February 11, 2023","Latest update sucks They took away the ""edit"" option when you want to send a photo. It was such a useful and well made feature, I don't understand why it's gone. Edit: it got worse, I can't look into past messages anymore without the app crashing",52 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
163,Allen Mattila,"February 19, 2023","It getting worse and worse.. When I send a pic it will just say pic sent on the other end but it doesnt download. I'll send messages but they wont receive them for large periods of time even when we both have good signal. I'll send a link, and it will just say ""couldnt send"" in red. This app is dying on the vine, I'm about to delete it and go with something else. You're failing Meta.",0,2,Messenger
164,Josh Hutchison,"February 1, 2023","Does anyone know why the voice message icon would suddenly disappear from the icon bar, even though microphone is permitted?? (Android) I made sure mic is enabled, uninstalled/reinstalled app and still no voice option unless I click on that set of 4 dots and use the recorder that you have to hold the button down while you record and keep opening it for every message. Thanks for any help!",208 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
165,Kaylee Swarm,"January 31, 2023","Can't answer calls, in fact it doesn't even ring or show I have a call. It acts like it's trying to connect when I attempt to make a call. And the incredibly annoying beauty filter that you can't turn on when you try to take a selfie needs to go. It takes a clear picture then smudges it up to look ""smooth"" I hate it.",87 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
166,Patrick,"February 15, 2023","Literally the worst messaging app. New 'wonderful' updates changed things that you can no longer send gifs, even though you could back in the day. Always rotates photos when taking them in app so you always have to tap this cursed button three times to that it becomes normal again. Besides it has tons of useless functions that nobody ever uses. Bruh, even I could make a better app alone in two weeks. Why are people using it?",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
167,Michael Cain,"December 2, 2022","It does what it's supposed to. Maybe video quality can be worked on. When I facetime vs FB messenger video call someone there is a huge difference in the quality of the video. Of coarse facetime looks crystal clear, compared to messenger. But I do think FB video has some great perks as well like screen sharing and being able to watch videos together with friends. That's pretty neat. I'm sure you can do it on FaceTime too but haven't really looked into it yet","1,052 people found this review helpful",4,Messenger
168,Indigo Romo,"January 30, 2023","I have been experiencing these issues lately. I have a Google pixel 6 phone. Notifications doesn't pop-up on scene or in the notification bar. It doesn't play the Messenger sound, it only plays the very low pop sound. It's easy to miss. When writing a longer text, the text will disappear suddenly. It will appear again, if I go back to the main screen and open the chat again. These issues are really annoying and is making it more trouble to use the app, rather than using an another app.",770 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
169,Keith Antoinette Tarcena,"February 13, 2023","The active ago hours is not exact, and I cannot use this app using free mobile data. The version before lets people use this app even on free mobile data. I can't also reply to all group chats, it says the message has limit. The profile pictures of some people are not visible. There is an error in the time when they’ve seen the message. Please fix this.","1,048 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
170,NAKVIR HOSSAIN BHUIYAN,"February 9, 2023","After each update, it shows unexpected behaviours when it is tried to use. For example, after updating it this morning, I just can't even see anything after clicking on it to open. It is taking forever to load. Sometimes only the logo shows up but that's it. For a couple of hours I haven’t been able to use this app.","2,475 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
171,Quix05,"February 5, 2023","I rate this a 2 stars because I can't seem to call anybody anymore, and they have to call me from now on. My messages don't send through completely until a few days later. This app is so slow at loading anything for me especially when I try to message somebody who was active just a few hours ago it doesn't even deliver to them until 2 days later, doesn't even deliver to them even if they are active the same day. It's so slow. Ive reset, re downloaded and nothing works.",13 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
172,Jacob Butler,"January 22, 2023","Not receiving any notifications until I open the app. No bubble no sound, nothing. Not ok when you rely on the app for daily interaction that needs to be on time. Extremely important messages don't get seen and this needs fixed. I thought it was my phone, I almost bought a new one because of it, glad I looked! Thank you everyone for taking the time.","1,801 people found this review helpful",5,Messenger
173,Diane L,"February 14, 2023","I don't know if it's Messengers update or my Samsung Galaxy s20 updating to Android 13, UI 5, BUT it no longer rings when receiving a call through Facebook Messenger! I have checked everything including ""in app sounds""! The sound is turned on in the app, all notifications are on, but if I'm not looking at my phone and see that call bar I would have no idea it's ringing. I just did the ""wipe cache partition"" that may clear the old cache out & fix it. It fixed my timer sound. Samsung Galaxy S20 FE",10 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
174,Ahl Denver Loyola,"January 1, 2023","This app is good for online chatting. A lot of features. The reason why I rate this 3 stars is some of the videos I sent and I received can't be played. It's always loading and after that, a text will pop up that says something went wrong. My internet/wifi is not even slow but it can't be played. There's also a problem where it always says that the person saw my message the same time I sent it but that person didn't even read my message the time I sent it. Please fix that problem, thank you","3,481 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
175,Melissa S,"February 10, 2023","Works about 75% of the time. Since yesterday, the chats don't load in real-time which defeats the purpose of the app. Also, occasionally, messages deleted from Spam remain visible as a notification number in the app. So you think you have a new/missed message, but it's still showing the number from the total number of message requests or spam. Lastly, emojis available on your phone are not widely available in all the areas where you can typically insert an emoji. App is barely worth it.",24 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
176,jo whitehead,"February 5, 2023","Use messenger all the time but keep having to uninstall it then reinstall because it keeps glitching. Gifs won't load, for example, and messages all come through at once even tho they've been sent at different times. I thought it might improve after the last update a couple of weeks ago, but sadly not. Seriously considering using a different messaging system and deleting this for good . Do not recommend. 🤬🤬",4 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
177,Jessica Angeles,"December 5, 2022","I've been experiencing a bug for a while but I've tried being patient with it. But I realized just today that it's been too long since it's like that and I'm getting frustrated. I restarted my phone, reinstall the app, updates, clear caches, reboot phone yet still the same. I've also noticed many people experiencing this bug so I know that it isn't just me. Please fix it. If certain updates needs to be removed then so be it. Users can't handle the lag and the bug.","2,368 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
178,Unknown the Viewer,"January 10, 2023","This app is pretty essential where I'm from. But this thing is really buggy, it's annoying. Cropping photos is a bit of a game because the cropping outline is not properly lined up, and right now, I can't see other people's Stories. The entire feature just stopped working",836 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
179,Heather Milligan,"February 13, 2023","It was working fine until yesterday. Now when people send videos or photos, I don't receive them, I just receive a message that says ""(Name) sent a photo/video."" I have restarted my phone, force closed the app, everything. I can't see any images or videos anymore.",0,1,Messenger
180,Muhtadi wali ul Haque trion,"December 4, 2022","This app is simple. But for video calls and voice call it sucks. Call is not connecting all the time. Most of the time is dropping. This app requires more data then other apps. Quality of video and audio is very very very bad during calls. Most of the time is delayed or not synchronised. Over all it a nice app. But sucks. It makes me very angry when ever I try to communicate with my dear ones. Main reason is Other apps like Telegram or Skype are working fine. So, why not messenger???!!!","7,162 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
181,Kherri Wilson,"January 6, 2023","Camera on the app needs fixing. Take a pic vertically but when it sends, it rotates the picture sideways automatically, absolutely hate that especially since that's not the way I took the picture and now I have to go rotate it back to the way I wanted it/took the pic. Also you can only take one or two pictures using the app, when to go to open the camera after that it just shows black and then you have to restart everything.",123 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
182,Carley Smith,"February 13, 2023","This app has its ups and downs. The last two weeks I have had an issue where the time will not properly display when I send a voice message. It pops back to ""0:00."" This seems to be on my end. My phone is a Samsung Galaxy A53. I see no update for this app, so I think it is current. My phone updated this morning. I hope Facebook Messenger can resolve this soon.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
183,Diana L.,"December 12, 2022","I like this app, but what makes me crazy is it won't reconcile on my phone. I can have read all the messages on my tablet or computer, but there is still a number on the icon on the phone screen. The only way I can remove the notification is to go into each message I've already read, one by one, and touch in the space to reply, then back out. This is cumbersome and annoying. Please fix it!",284 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
184,Kael Mitsuhiko,"February 13, 2023","Messages do not update in real-time anymore, sometimes it does, sometimes it does not. Notifications take too long to pop up, minutes after someone sent a message to me. Notification banner is shown for everything even though most of my group chats are muted. They're deliberately making the app worse 🤦🏼‍♂️",0,1,Messenger
185,Josh Kull,"February 11, 2023","Complete garbage means of communication. Messages won't send, either on wifi or cellular, pending to send messages will randomly disappear and never be sent. Notifications of new messages between personal/business pages fails constantly requiring me to manually check for new messages throughout the day. Wish they would fix some of these issues, meta is screwing everything up should have left well enough alone it used to work fine.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
186,Gilbert Sandoval,"February 14, 2023","I don't know what the new update changed but now I don't get notifications from my messages, or calls I've already messed with my phone so much and the only thing that works is turning on and off the permissions for this app, which is a hassle. What sucks more is that most of the people I keep in contact with use this but I now have to reply hours later because of this no sound notification issue.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
187,Chiara Rane Jordan,"February 11, 2023","I only rate 4 because first, its good. 2nd, compatible to send some files to download, photos, links, etc. But the problem is, whenever I enter my messenger, its failing to open, even I'm uninstalling and reinstalling the app. I still cant open it. I want to suggest for the app that you guys could make an extra app like fb lite, to messenger lite, so people who hasn't enough data can reply too. Thank you very much!",8 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
188,Susan Hodges,"December 28, 2022","Since the last update there is no notification sound. I have gone in and set it, the volume was turned off within the app in settings and I fixed that. When I set it a new notification sound it plays as a test. The popup bubble goes away repeatedly. I discovered in settings that popup is disabled. I fixed that but with each message it resets to off.","1,145 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
189,Chris Logan,"January 5, 2023","Since December 2022, this app frequently crashes and is unable to open / send messages. The only way I can send messages is through the Marketplace which is very annoying considering I have items for sale. I cannot send messages without frequent crashes or being kicked out and back to the home screen. Please fix this.",138 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
190,Penny Randolph,"December 20, 2022",I can no longer answer audio or video calls because the call will not pop up on my screen. I can't even see who is calling until a few minutes after they hang up. I've checked all of my settings in the app and everything is set to allow both types of calls. This is really very frustrating. I'll never understand the need to change something that is working absolutely fine!!!,"1,751 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
191,Nicole Swafford,"February 12, 2023","Use to be great, until the recently. No longer get notifications at all, my chat bubbles don't come up. Nothing, I have no idea I have messages at all until I open messager. I've made sure it was up to date, I've uninstalled and reinstalled and restarted my phone. This issue is apparently the new normal.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
192,Jessica Chafin,"February 17, 2023",Having issues with swapping between computer and phone. Has never been an issue where messages just aren't there. Also the text of someone sent a photo but not actually showing that photo. The sent/seen bubble never really filling in for hours even if the person did see it.,0,1,Messenger
193,Tanja Limuaco,"January 19, 2023","It has been a month since my messenger is broken. My friends and I are having the same issues. The search feature doesn't work. I can't backread, it just keeps loading. Sometimes I can't open any conversation no matter how many times I click on it. When a friend replied to my message, then I click the message they replied to, it doesn't redirect to that message. Please fix these issues.","1,571 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
194,Vel Kuma,"December 9, 2022","I use messenger often, and there's this one bug that stayed for awhile. When you play a video and someone in the GC seens a message or reacts the video stops and the interface stays on the screen seeing through the gc, and home screen, etc. There's also Pinned messages, Search message, they wouldn't load properly either once tapped on. Messages takes so slow to load and send, or at least it appears so. I also want the ignore function for the GC back.",766 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
195,Charlotte Shaw,"January 15, 2023","App doesn't work properly. Can't scroll back through any older messages. Regularly encounter the ""something went wrong"" error. To try and fix it I tried to uninstall, reinstall, clear cashe, cleared data. Originally I could clear data to fix the problems, but doing that ended up causing all of the newer emojis to vanish from the app. Now it doesn't work at all. Considering how long this app has been buggy I don't imagine anyone will ever bother to fix it.","1,400 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
196,shoyo hizaki,"December 30, 2022","The reason why I gave this a one star because they removed the customize background in videocall. Which makes me more annoyed. Because I literally enjoyed using it. Especially when I'm talking to my friends. Also, there are some problems that I always encountered here on messenger. Like, the active list isn't loading or refreshing and sometimes it always say connecting even if I have a stable connection.",698 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
197,Joshuwarius The 1st,"January 22, 2023","Its a pretty smooth messaging app, I like it. However, I have multiple business pages and when I am signed into one account, I don't recieve notifications from the others. I guess that is to be expected, but I'd love an app that could allow multiple sign ins and notify me of each message.",85 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
198,Lois Turner,"December 6, 2022","I love this app but so many bugs. Messages literally dissappear from chats and I have to close and reopen the app to see them. My phone keeps telling me that other apps won't work because messenger isn't optimised for the latest version of android so whenever I get a message screen touches are delayed or don't work at all. Also, sometimes the app doesn't open. Sometimes I have to send 2+ messages just to force the first one to send. Please fix these bugs as messenger is my fave message app.",146 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
199,Simon Xehatad,"February 18, 2023","Voice/video chat are dime a dozen. If I have mute on, I have it on for a reason. I don't need the app reminding me that mute is on every 30 seconds. Have a way to at least disable that annoyance or 1* forever. Or at least keep the bloody notice confined to the app screen and NOT as an overlay of everything. The project manager must be lacking.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
200,April Joy Salvilla,"February 1, 2023","The latest update of this app is terrible. Before I can watch you tube or view on my Facebook while on video call. But now when you are on video call and decide to watch you tube, the video call exits. And also the messages pops up very late. Its like 5 or 10 minutes to appear. I am using this app for almost or over 1 year, and its first time I am experiencing this issue. Hope you can fix this.",577 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
201,Samuel Smith,"February 12, 2023","Most recent app update is screwed up. Starting on 2/11/23, have absolutely zero notifications about messages coming through. No sounds, no vibrations, no bubbles, absolutely nothing. Even went through and turned everything off and on. Deleted the app and redownload it, still nothing. Everytime the app is updated, it's full of bugs",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
202,Trinity Biandola (Trin),"January 27, 2023","It's a good app for calling and stuff and texting but the filters aren't even fun anymore they are just boring and they keep removing the good ones and the apps updates are literally pointless they remove the things that were actually useful,like when you could save filters like your favorite ones I went there to see if it was their and they removed it! why?? and they also removed the option to put a custom background 😔😔😔 like the filter is there but if you click on it it doesn't work..",42 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
203,Linda Brooker,"January 9, 2023",This app has gotten horrible! Nothing works right! Especially when you send someone a message! When you tap on last message you sent to see when it was seen it always says seen at the exact same time you sent it when they didn't read the message until hours later! Please Fix This! Does anyone even pay attention to these reviews and problems? Nothing ever gets fixed!,72 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
204,Zea Mariz,"January 14, 2023","So many issues. First, the link of the original message on the reply is not working. 2nd, when you are watching the videos on the messenger, it would always get interupted for some weird reasons. 3rd, theres some kind of a delay. Theres already a message on the notif but when you open the app, the message is not showing. You have to close the app again and open..","4,051 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
205,Marife Dela Cruz,"February 1, 2023","Stop updating & adding new features when the application itself can't even support it. - Bugs on backreading (can't even do it now, keeps on showing 'something went wrong'. - Messenger chat heads + notifications is not accurate. sometimes even tho there are messages chat heads & notifications will not pop up. - Typing on the text box is not synchronous on keyboard. - suddenly closes + the quality of the video call is always poor. - New features are good only if they are sustainable","3,450 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
206,Jake M (Owl),"December 7, 2022","This is the main app i use for communication in my personal life. For the most part, it does a pretty good job, but occasionally youll run into some hickups with videos not wanting to play, sharing not working, etc. One feature i REALLY wish they would include would be a nsfw option that allows you to blur images that the recipient may not want to open in public. It could just be a blurred filter that warns you, then goes away when you fullscreen the pic.",389 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
207,Tricia Francisco,"December 3, 2022","Messenger is my main platform for online communication. It is easy to use; however, I experience technical problems from time to time. Regardless, I would like to suggest that messenger features will include starred conversations and the creation/customization of folders for conversations. This will make the conversations more accessible and organized and will be easier to manage.","2,191 people found this review helpful",4,Messenger
208,Renee Deffinbaugh,"February 10, 2023",Just updated yesterday. Now when I get notifications in messenger they don't show in the app until way later. The messages I send sometimes disappear and it looks like it didn't send at all until I get a reply from the one I sent message to. I've reinstalled but no luck fixing it. Not happy about update at all.,2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
209,Amber “cyanidekandy” Strickland,"January 25, 2023","It's okay...I wish the games were accessible from the app like it used to be. I like the themes ideas, but they're not that great... Could have better theme options. The ones I have liked, they take away after awhile to put new ones that suck. I don't like either that it says unsent message when you unsend. Then the person asks constantly why did you unsend a message. I think that could change some. I put that I'm inactive and apparently people can still see that I'm active.",100 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
210,Peter Crick,"February 18, 2023","Edit 18th Feb 23: App appears to be functional again this time with slow chat updates. Problem on tablet when adding an emoji flips the screen orientation, blacks it out & stops responding. 23rd Dec 22: Up until 4 days ago the app worked flawlessly. One morning I opened it and cannot click any links sent to me which are sent via Facebook. Numerous attempts have been made to fix the issue in the settings menu, all unsuccessful.",353 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
211,Kaine Faldon,"February 9, 2023","The app objectively works fine, but I haven't been able to search or scroll through my history in months. My sister and I use Messenger to co-write story scenes that we're struggling with, but now I can't access any of our works to use in my job. I've done multiple updates, and it's still broken. I'm getting very sick of all the glitches with this app and FB in general.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
212,Melein Brueck,"January 2, 2023","Edit: I try to search chats for anything and when I tap on a search result I just get a blank screen and no messages load, and when I can get it to load search results it decides how far down it's going to scroll from the result I tapped on and won't scroll any farther. If I dismiss the chat bubble I can't get it back by opening the app unless I completely close the app first. Not too long ago it stopped supporting the newer emojis but I somehow managed to get those back. Please fix this.",231 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
213,Justine Trinidad,"January 27, 2023","At 1st I rate it high. But now, it seems I don't wanna use it anymore. Please fix this issue of yours. Sometimes, if someone calls me on this app, my screen goes black and I can't do anything unless the caller will ""end the call"" before I can see the light of my screen. **FIX THIS** It's been bothering. I thought after the update it would fix it. But no it didn't",548 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
214,Mirjana Cardoza,"February 3, 2023","Fix the bugs and stop adding useless features, like what am I supposed to do with /shrug and /tableflip? There are a ton of bugs you're ignoring, like I can't unsend messages, the bubbles disappear for no reasons, the search conversation doesn't work, and more... Just stop adding useless features and actually try to fix the app.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
215,Jannatul Bonna,"February 12, 2023","The app's productivity is deteriorating day by day. Too many glitches. Furthermore, it is really frustrating when you share links in inbox and somebody replies to those there's no way of knowing which link the person is referring to. This was a great feature and you should really bring it back.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
216,Susi O'Rourke,"February 16, 2023","Very glitchy nowadays. Doesn't take you to any links that have been sent in chat, don't get notifications, unread chats are no longer highlighted in bold so can't determine what's been read or not, images and voice clips aren't loading, when you go into a chat it no longer tells you how many unread messages there are so you have to scroll through to find where you think you last seen it. If it does take you to a link you selected, you cone back to the chat and it's jumped to the end of chat!!",0,1,Messenger
217,Mark Manning (AQUATICPLAY),"February 1, 2023","Messenger is not great. As i accidentally tilted the device, all the text I've just typed out gets lost, and also, when I scroll through the messages to double check what is mentioned in the message before sending, it all gets reset and i have to retype it all out again. Very unreliable Messenger, so frustrating, not reliable with bugs.",25 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
218,Jessica Lepage,"February 16, 2023","FB messenger is saying it cannot deliver a message, and when I go to resend it-it won't allow me to. I have to delete what I said that's not delivered, and then re-type it up. I'm also having issues of the calling not working properly and I'm not getting notifications when my notifications are on, it's just not coming up on my phone. Fix this please.",0,1,Messenger
219,Sarah B,"February 12, 2023","I has been a bit slow for a few weeks, but since yesterday, it won't even notify me when someone sends a message. I have tried everything (uninstall, restart phone, etc) and it still won't work. Notifications are turned on. All other apps work.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
220,sidewalk pirate,"January 24, 2023","Calls get dropped or echo, lately I get notifications for textxs I get and then get ALL of the text notifications I got all day all over again. They do not show up twice in the app, I just get the notifications and chat heads show the little blue flag as if they were written just then. They come sort of in the same distance in between as when they were originally sent. It's maddening.",68 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
221,Christine Marshall,"December 18, 2022","It used to work fine (always odd to me to have messenger but not fb so to have 2 seperate apps is strange) but the last month or so it's been acting up lots! 'Something went wrong' whenever opening, not sending or loading sent videos/photos, notifications about the new message doesnt come in for ages (almost an hour after it has been sent) etc. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it a few times to try to work out the bugs - with no such luck.","1,249 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
222,Joshua “Ice” Aquino,"February 3, 2023","There's a lot of problems messenger is having right now. First one is that it doesn't update the chats when someone messages. It does notify on me but when I go open the messenger, it will only then refresh the chats. Second, sometimes free data does not work. I can't send messages nor can I receive any. Third of all, what's with the unsending of messages? Why can't I remove for everyone now? Sometimes there are messages which were not meant to be sent to someone you know.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
223,Arthur Kirkland,"January 1, 2023",Won't let me read past messages. Sometimes it won't notify me with the messages. Profile pictures randomly disappear and when they do they're gone for a fee days at a time so it's difficult to tell who is messaging me unless I open their message. I keep checking if it needs an update but it doesn't. It's just how it is I guess.,83 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
224,Joshua Sajelan,"December 7, 2022","My utmost complain is the photo, audio and video quality after uploading or sending it for at least 3 minutes it became blurry. The audio problems was also the problem is when i took a voice message and it became a low frequency sound I can't hear it clearly. And when i used a video call the other parties couldn't hear my voice.",189 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
225,Rhonda Sexton,"January 20, 2023","I continue despite trying to fix the problem myself by looking how to on Google I keep getting a message in white saying ""error failure to load""! Uninstalled and reinstalled and it keeps doing it everytime I want to send something from fb to a friend. It will let me do it but I have to put in one letter of the person's name at a time and wait for the error message to go away before pulling up the person. Once I get the person I hit send and it will go through but the error code will still pop up",41 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
226,Lesille Miano,"December 21, 2022","It usually shows the bold letters if there is a new message, but unfortunately, it is not applicable now. So, I have to open the top 5 to 10 chat boxes to see who sent me a message. I also even backread for those group chats since there is no more notification that they even message like ""10 new messages"" the way it was before. It's so frustrating!",398 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
227,My Oda,"December 8, 2022","After updating the app, my messages are read eventhough i didnt open them yet. This is extremely frustrating and disappointing. It usually shows bold letters if messages have not been read yet. But now, there is nothing. I have been uninstalling and reinstalling the app, turned my cp on/off, my phone's software is up to date. And yet still the same. My messenger on ipad works fine since i didnt updated the app.","1,891 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
228,Lauren Waterhouse,"January 18, 2023","Like many others, I am also experiencing the same issue where I am not receiving notifications that I have messages (even though notifications are on). I have to go on the app itself to find out if I have any which can be a pain if you don't think too it daily or you are busy. I have restarted the app and my phone, but this doesn't help the issue.",157 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
229,Susan Ferguson,"December 22, 2022",I can no longer answer audio or video calls because the call will not pop up on my screen. I can't even see who is calling until a few minutes after they hang up. I've checked all of my settings in the app and everything is set to allow both types of calls. This is really very frustrating. I'll never understand the need to change something that is working absolutely fine!!!,"1,345 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
230,Sofia Balaoro,"February 12, 2023","Too many bugs! Delayed message notification and no sound even though my phone system is not silent. I've been reinstalling the application too many times, the problem still persist. I reported the bug through up, but still no changes. Fix it immediately! I cannot reply on the urgent messages because of this bug!",12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
231,Nikita Santos,"January 7, 2023","Messager has so many bugs that werent there before. How does something get bad rather than better? For example scrolling back but then it stops and says No internet connection even tho I DO have connection. Also the reply feature being buggy. Pictures and videos don't show up in the reply so you can't tap it in order to see it. Video always freezes when someone else seens, so I have to exit messager and enter it again. Inconvenient. There's more bugs, cant fit them all here. Fix it Zuckerberg!!!",461 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
232,Daniel Worby,"February 17, 2023","Seriously astonishing how bad this app is. It's like FB is a start up company working out the bugs.. I don't have enough characters available to list how many things don't work on this app. Can't even get photos when they're sent anymore at this point. Just says ""sent a photo."". Fantastic.. Why would i need to see what they sent? That'll do. Least i know a photo was sent....",0,1,Messenger
233,Brandi Miller,"December 23, 2022","There are too many bugs in this app. Can't see who's calling me unless I open the app and tap on the red bar it shows while it's ringing. I don't always get a sound when I get a message. Sometimes, I don't know for a long while that I have a message. I've done what I can on my end, and nothing fixes it. Looks like this has been going on for a while now. Many are having the same problem, and no Techs are fixing it. Are you short staffed too????",137 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
234,Suraj Parajuli,"February 7, 2023","Four Stars for Excellent service - calls and videos are excellent when your network service is ok. Costumizing in app features such as- Archive, Restriction, block on messenger and message status. Filters and more.. A star less because I believe it can also include pdf share feature, and message status are a bit inconsistent.",6 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
235,Breanna Zahra,"February 12, 2023","This application is barely functioning anymore. As other reviewers have said, half the time messages won't send or deliver. The other half of the time you don't receive proper notifications when you receive a message until the app is opened. I have had to uninstall and reinstall the app several times to try to resolve the problems.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
236,Sophie Stavrev,"January 21, 2023","It's honestly so so bad and getting worse with each passing day. Delays of messages; wrong read receipts; can't read back/search old messages; link between the replied messages doesn't work; shared media's resolution is indistinguishable; have to restart the app every 2 minutes, cause it stops responding; even the emojis don't work properly... Maybe it's time to let messenger die?",89 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
237,Tony M,"January 2, 2023",Major issues with the functionality of the app over the last week or so. I get notifications in my status bar but when I click the notification to open the app the message which I was notified about is not there. Also images and videos that are sent from friends won't load. Fix it!!!,52 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
238,Cherri bby,"December 31, 2022","The app used to be amazing when I used it frequently until around the beginning of this year. Now, the app is like borderline okay, but one thing that I really used to love and ude and has now gone bad is the 'search in chat' feature. It takes me to direct messages, sure, but the loading time is waaaay longer than it used to take, and I can't scroll any further up or down in chat from that message as a starting point. I miss when it worked fine it was really cool and useful :(",56 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
239,Cydrick Jhon holdana,"February 13, 2023","I have a very bad experience since the latest update. I was forcefully log out of the app. I waited for 30 minutes but it does not load, I try to log in through the Facebook app but nothing changes. I restarted my phone, uninstalled and intalled the app but nothing works. I hope you fix this issues soon.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
240,"4A_JUMAWAN, CAMILLE JOY F.","December 5, 2022","Some messages are missing, can't see who's online even if my active status is on. There's also this bug that if someone sent a video and you played it, you can't scroll down anymore. And if you tried to go back in the homescreen you see this play button that doesn't come off. The only solution is to restart the 📱. Like, whyyyy?",112 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
241,Jenny N (SilverCosmos),"December 15, 2022","The search function no longer works in chat. Either directly in the chat or via the search function in the user's profile page in the app. If you search in the app, it only brings up a black screen that takes a ungodly amount of time to load, if it does. Fix the bugs guys, seriously.",213 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
242,David Mayer,"February 13, 2023","So many problems with this app. When I share photos to the Messenger app to send to my friends, 1: show more than 2 (TWO) recent contacts, and 2: don't show me people I don't know when I use the search function. Notifications randomly stop working. And for god's sake, implement Android 13's feature which sorts notifications by type: Messenger is the ONLY messaging app whose notifications (when they work) aren't grouped with other messages.","1,111 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
243,KittyRabbit05,"December 9, 2022","Normally this app works just fine but this week it has been very unreliable. Messages get delivered but not read, recipients cannot reply to me and it says I'm unavailable (as if I blocked or they did.. but I have not). I've reinstalled, restarted, cleared cache, it doesn't even work on the computer. Really causing interpersonal issues across the board. Please fix this!!",175 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
244,Princess Ronquillo,"January 7, 2023","The “/silent” doesn't work. I tried to send a message to myself and i used “/silent” but the message notification popped-up. I use “/silent” whenever i send a message to someone to not ring/vibrate their phone or disturb the person who i sent a message to while they're working or at school or playing, it really annoy me so please fix this bug.",474 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
245,ChicagoMike,"February 13, 2023","No notifications since 2/11/23. I've tried everything. Galaxy S8. Notification pop ups, sound etc work everywhere but in Facebook messenger. Something strange - when someone likes or loves etc a message in messenger, it dings and I get a notification! But not when it's a new message being delivered. So it's definitely a bug.",0,1,Messenger
246,Aphrodite Zouloufou,"February 13, 2023","Lately the app isn't working well. Most of the times I'm not able to even open it, it crashes regularly, I almost never get message notifications and they're multiple bugs. Even though I installed the app multiple times I'm still not able to open it.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
247,zhang anna,"December 9, 2022","I don't like the new update anymore. Whenever i play a video that was sent by my friends it always stop right in the middle and the video will vanish like exist. I have to refresh the app again to continue watching that vid. Also when back reading in a group chat, it's harder right now since there's no notification that says ""100 unread messages"" that I'll just click and then I'm in the top where the first message that i haven't read since they started talking.","1,711 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
248,Draco,"February 1, 2023","WAY TOO MANY BUGS RIGHT NOW. Like: messages appear minutes or even hours after being sent, chat features like unsending, pinning, and etc responds too slow, picture quality when viewing a photo is very bad even the videos. Overall the app is working but currently full of bugs which can be annoying at times. I'd rather chat on other apps because of those endless bugs","3,434 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
249,scott blackard,"December 31, 2022",Things randomly dissappear and reappear and the edit function is basically useless. This upgrade sucks. I can't get or receive messages on my page although they work on my profile. I'm tired of having things forced on me that I don't need or want. I spend more time on YouTube trying to troubleshoot Facebook issues. Facebook help files are a joke.,72 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
250,Erii,"February 13, 2023","This App is just getting worse and worse after every single updates since 2020 February.... Edit: not it really can't be worse. Today (13/02/23) on my laptop it works but mad slow meanwhile everything else is fast cuz my wifi is good. On the other hand, on my phone when I try to use it it's just shows me the logo for 10 sec then crashing. I need it for my uni and my job as well!",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
251,Shelly Pierce,"December 5, 2022","This is my primary app for communication and during the summer I use this app for everything because I don't have cell service where I work, but I do have wifi. It used to be great but lately it has so many issues, messages don't pop up so I don't know when I get one and sometimes they take forever to send. I need to be able to see when people message me.",70 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
252,Mostafizur Rahman,"February 15, 2023","Absolutely horrible. I keep sending message, my friends can see it but it doesn't show the people seeing it. It only shows *sent* This app is so horrible I literally wanna cry. Edit: this same thing happens every time. Every morning I gotta uninstall and then re install it. It doesn't work other wise. ITS BEEN 12 TIMES. FREAKING FIX IT FOR GOD SAKEEEEEEE",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
253,Desiree Davis,"February 10, 2023","Used to be great and didn't have alot of issues before the update. Now since the last update, my new messages aren't showing up as the bold black text as they used to. So now I have trouble distinguishing new messages from old as they all have the same text. Really drives me insane.",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
254,Jaymi Heller,"February 15, 2023","My messenger app has NOT been working well at all! It is not loading half of the chats or any photos within any of the chats either! I have un-installed and re-installed the app, cleared the cache for the app, cleared the cache for my phone, re-started my phone MULTIPLE times, and it is NOT working. This has been going on for DAYS now and I need it to be fixed ASAP!!!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
255,Sittie Rahma Bayang,"December 29, 2022","The app keeps lagging,has a lot of bugs and can't load pictures and videos, and if it does load pictures and videos it will end up lagging and crashing.Even if I reload or restart the app, it still lags and crashes everytime I open it. It's very bothersome and frustrating, especially for me as a student as I use the app to receive important docs and information from my teachers and classmates, and also to contact my teachers and classmates involving my studies, please fix this problem thank you.",55 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
256,Lauren Hammond,"January 19, 2023","Really wish that the Google Pixel version of bubbles were more like Samsung version. Not having the option to go into all your messages from the chatheads is something I am missing and I find that as the bubble doesn't open over mowr of the screen, it is very easy to click out of messages instead of sending them. Would love to see this updated for the pixels.",68 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
257,Shy Skeleton,"January 24, 2023",Two stars is my ratings. Although I do like messenger I am having difficulties with updates I have to manually update even though my auto update is set on and I switched it off and switched it back on i still have to manually update. Not only that I'm having issues with my voice messages. It will show time 0.00. I dont understand how there are so many updates pr updates it seems every month but nothing gets fixed.,52 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
258,Hannah McColl,"February 18, 2023","Gone rubbish. No clue what they have done with messenger. It crashes all the time. Can't scroll up to find older messages, if you can it's just a blank screen. Wont load pictures. Doesn't tell you when you have got messages.",0,1,Messenger
259,Arantxa Dablantes,"February 7, 2023","Horrible the way this app works, well... if you could say it actually works... it gets crashed all the time, lasts ages loading messages and it runs slower than Internet explorer, I swear. Judge it by yourself. It needs URGENTLY a HUGE update. Very dissapointed, I guess I'll have to use sms or even sent messages by mail... way quicker than this app.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
260,Morgan Bond,"February 1, 2023","I used to get notified immediately when a video chat/call was coming in. Now its hours later. I don't get notified of new messages when they come in. I have to open the app for it to show I have missed anything. Then hours later after I have already opened and delt with everything, it starts to notify me. It's really irritating!! Fix this !!!",44 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
261,drey santillan,"February 14, 2023","Fix this app, it's been more than 7 months now and it wont let me backread messages, bumping and pinned and search messages doesn't work in which lets me backread to further messages, this happens a lot and when my friends send me links and videos, the glitch happens, it's annoying for both ends, if only there's other messaging apps that has a chat bubble, I would've switch there long ago",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
262,Lou Carter,"February 17, 2023","Keep having to exit the app to listen to some voice notes. The duration for the voice notes I send now says 0.00 which is frustrating for the receiver! Sometimes pops up saying I've been send a voice message, photo or video but have to continuously open/close app to get them. Getting very user unfriendly now 😑 😒",0,1,Messenger
263,DJ Dubya,"January 13, 2023","Usually pretty good, I'd give 4 stars but lately I've had problems. Switching to messages from marketplace leads to a dark screen. Nothing shows. Regular messages do. To view marketplace inbox I have to go to the Facebook app & click inbox. Also, I've had to force stop the app a few times when messages freeze in place and do not scroll to view what's being written. Force stop fixes that but the marketplace blank screen from Messenger I have no clue about. Did the 1/12 update cause this?",86 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
264,Eve Breier,"February 18, 2023","Used to be a five star app, now it's incredibly glitchy. Sometimes it won't let me open a chat, or scroll back to earlier messages- or if it does let me scroll back, it won't let me scroll back down again to the current messages. I often have to close and force stop the app. Sometimes voice messages don't load at all. Annoying.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
265,Hysan,"February 11, 2023","Hasn't worked for me in over a year. First doesn't show notifications, in the past few months I haven't even been able to launch it successfully. It. Doesn't. Open. At. All. Tried reinstall, restart phone, clear cache, force quit, everything.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
266,Jennifer Hayes,"February 11, 2023","It used to be great. Now it's so glitchy. It's hard to determine what is new and what is old as the bold print is barely discernible from the items that have already been viewed. Also sometimes pictures of here and sometimes they don't load. Sometimes when it's not broke, stop messing with it",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
267,Kim Jumz,"February 17, 2023","The app is great but very buggy. If only meta would listen to their users' concerns! Please stop adding useless features very frequently. Those features are really just a waste of our phone's memories. We need a stable app that delivers and receives messages real time. Fix those bugs instead, please. That would be the best update you can give to your users. Cause clearly these days, your feature updates are giving more bugs on the app itself.",0,2,Messenger
268,Trisha Mae Mamar,"December 11, 2022","There's too many bugs. I couldn't send message on group chats. I tried clearing cache and re opening it but still doesn't work. I tried using fb lite and it still won't send anything. I made my account on 2018 and this is the first time I had this 'limit' thing. Remove the limit feature, it doesn't help. If someone we're to send 'spam' the receiver can just ignore, block, restrict, or mute the sender. I don't see why we need the limit feature.",184 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
269,Isaac Beck,"February 3, 2023","Im sorry but this app literally sucks- Its constantly crashing even when i reset the phone, reinstall the app, etc. i cant even scroll through pinterest or YouTube without it crashing, and its getting worse every. single. day. pretty soon im just going to delete this app and find a new one Got a new phone, the chatheads are what crash and its annoying. fix this thing please.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
270,Nigel Dobbs,"February 10, 2023",Since the last couple of updates it lags terribly.. sometimes doesn't popup when receiving a message unless you open app. Also doesn't show who's online. Nearly all functions have issues. And I have very fast fibre! If this is your way of fazing out messenger just do it already.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
271,Kristen Aranda,"February 15, 2023","I have my personal profile and my crafting page messages to keep up with. I have to uninstall the app constantly because the messages don't send/deliver and notifications don't come through until I check the app. I have stopped switching back and forth, but it continuously glitches up.",0,1,Messenger
272,"Courtney Jacobs, MPH, CHES","February 13, 2023","I am not receiving notifications alerts. I have the latest version. I've cleared cache. I've restarted my phone. I've uninstalled and reinstalled many times. I am still not getting notified, and have to keep opening the app and monitoring until I see they have responded.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
273,Ayila Mereel,"February 14, 2023","I have to uninstall and reinstall an older version of the app, then update from the store every time I restart my phone to get chat heads back. No chat heads, no stars. Update: and now they're just *gone*. Update: Oh we're back to being able to install from scratch and have them for a little bit, but no amount of setting both messenger AND the play store to ""do not update"" will save my chat heads. Well, back to the bootleg app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
274,Maddy High,"February 13, 2023","Messages ""couldn't send"" for no reason. Not sure why it started happening. I've checked for updates of the app and my phone, I've checked storage space, I've uninstalled and reinstalled, I've restarted my phone. And messages just ""couldn't send"" and there is no explanation why.",0,1,Messenger
275,Vaibhav Masih,"February 4, 2023","Search in conversation is unable to display search results previous messages content. "" Something went wrong"" error. And there is no option to jumo to the 1st message of any conversation. Like, if you are chatting with someone for 3 years , you have to scroll all the way up manually to see the 1st message. There should be an option to jump directly to the 1st message in a chat.",657 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
276,Marc Dickson,"February 13, 2023","Just updated the app two days ago. All my unread inbox messages are now showing as read. No bold font anymore. I have hundreds of messages unopened and have missed replying to important conversations. It doesnt matter which settings i try, i cannot fix the problem from my end. Please fix this glitch immediately.",0,2,Messenger
277,Stanley Kon,"February 13, 2023","This app is getting from bad to worst. No notification sound, no pop up even when bubble is activated. No DND nor battery saving turned on. All notification and sound turned on. Clear cache and data, uninstall and reinstall and still no notification. Have to get into the app to check if there are messages. Made a technical report but get no feedback. Xiaomi 11T Pro. MIUI Global 13.0.7 version.",0,1,Messenger
278,Nafisa afrin Bushra,"February 3, 2023",Been using it since like forever. Now this update is bad as heck. It has soo many glitches like you can't reload your previous messages even if you have a stable connection. Then sometimes messenger like doesn't even send texts whereas other apps are working. This is so bad. 😡 Posting this again. This app is getting more worse than I could ever imagine. Like shitttt,8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
279,Helena Anupõld,"February 3, 2023","It has bug frequently, sometimes it doesn't send messages, sends messages hours later even if you have Internet. Sometimes u cant even see pictures or change names, search for mesages u need to find and so on. This app is full of bugs, if anyone is thinking of downloading it - don't.",88 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
280,Mark Peers,"February 13, 2023","Never used to have an issue but since the last update I can't see GIFs, photos, videos or calls. It tells me something has been sent but won't load. Thought it was my phone at first but clearly isn't after reinstalling the app and restarting the phone multiple times with the same issues",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
281,Frédérick,"February 14, 2023","2023-02-14: Bubbles never work properly (when/if they work). Marketplace conversations tend to disappear (without archiving them) and I have to go through the FB app to find them. Now I don't even receive notifications from conversations even after multiple cycles of uninstall/install. Terribly frustrating, it used to work well.","1,643 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
282,Joshua leal,"February 10, 2023",calls and video chats wont go through. Just makes the beep sounds like it's trying to connect to a network and it does this on data and wifi so I know it's not my connection. Plus the person i try calling wont be notified of a missed call until they open their app and now it wont show if me or anyone else is active. Idk where fb findings these people who run maintenance because they suck at their job,11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
283,명식,"February 19, 2023","There are far too many bugs, and too much inconveniences. It has been a long since its been like this. Why are you not focusing on such things? As much as I want to just use another better mode of communicating, I cant. I feel neglected and the app too feels neglected the longer this continues. Its just frustrating",0,1,Messenger
284,gabrieI Mariano (Gabriel Mariano),"February 15, 2023","ever since the update happened, there is so many bugs happening. the notification is delayed, searching past messages is glitchy, scrolling past messages is also glitchy, replying to messages doesn't actually show what message did the other person replied to. and addition to this, photos, videos, and even voice messages cant even be played or be seen. It only says ""Sent a photo"" or Sent a voice message""",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
285,Jiki Dedel,"February 2, 2023","Can't switch accounts without running into some errors. Pictures look terrible in stories when adding music. I keep getting notifications of messages I have already seen and responded to. It's laggy, glitchy, and just awful. I'd have uninstalled this app long ago if it wasn't for my class group chats.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
286,Krystiana,"February 15, 2023","I do not like this app anymore, as the ""chat heads open notifications"" are messing up my overall phone experience outside of this app. Anytime I try to click something at the top of my phone whether it's in the app to open another chat head or if it's trying to type in a search bar on another app it pops up & forces me to open messenger. This is ridiculously annoying and needs to be fixed asap. Sadly there is no way to turn this specific notif off either or I would have already. 2 stars.",14 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
287,Mr Gr33n (MrJGr33n),"February 17, 2023","Edit: how is it possible for a messaging app to be even more shitier. Call are not working properly, still the stupid vibration notification every 10 sec that you are muted. Doesnt notify properly at all. Keep having miss call. Just remove that buggy mess of the app store. It even freeze and prevent the good working of my phone. Just proving how it should be considered a Virus.",20 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
288,Karen Clement,"February 12, 2023",Notification sound and bubble stopped. I did not change any settings. Woke up one morning and no notification sound when a message came through and no bubble appearing. Missing important messages. I deleted the app and reinstalled it but it didn't help.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
289,Heather Davis,"February 13, 2023",Sense my last update I've had nothing but Problems! My Messages won't send through...I've repeatedly Uninstalled Messenger & reinstalled it. I've repeatedly restarted my Phone...I've cleared out the Cache. I've reported the problem to Facebook numerous times. I've done everything I can think of. Nothing is getting solved. I've never had a huge problem with Facebook Messenger until almost a week ago!,0,1,Messenger
290,Saccharine,"February 4, 2023","List of bugs I've encountered: 1) Chatheads randomly disappering. 2) Backreading is impossible due to the messages lagging out. 3) Cropping images is absolutely bugged and difficult to do. 4) Screenshots registers as a GIF, especially if the ss is taken from a computer. 5) Certain images cannot be sent even though the device supports the file type. 6) Constant app crashes, late notifs. 7) Will register you as offline even though you're online. Fix this, please for the love of god.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
291,Genie Andrade,"February 4, 2023",Went from good to bad. Not sure with which update but it keeps showing all my contacts as active now even if they aren't active Or it'll show the green active icon and still say active how ever many hours ago they were (active 1 hour ago). Its really annoying and I hope that bug gets fixed. Also calls are getting dropped more frequently even on a strong Internet connection.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
292,Marianne Garcia,"February 13, 2023","I updated the app like 4 days or 3 days ago and it's not working after the update. Tried to uninstall and re-install and restarting my phone but it'e still not working. If I could rate it to zero, I would. It'e been four days and i still can't fix it. It's getting annoying.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
293,Sibgat Meem,"February 13, 2023","New version won't start in my device. My device is 5 years old but perfectly fine to take any load. I can do gaming, run multiple apps simultaneously without any glitch. But messenger is too good for my device. Planned obsolescence is an evil tactic by these giants running the world.",0,1,Messenger
294,j t,"February 20, 2023",The last updates have trashed the app with my device. A12 with current upgrades. And just messenger is glitchy buggy and non responsive. Messages don't send...and when that occurs multiple instances of the same message are open that I see being sent but are in fact never sent and then later disappear. T_T,0,1,Messenger
295,Britney Savoy,"February 10, 2023","Great app. Not only can I find my friends but I can also search for anyone I may have lost contact with. The best part is, if someone sends you a friend request and for whatever reason ( potentially be unhealthy or threatening) they will not be able to tell if you have seen the request and/ or accepted/ denied it.",53 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
296,Lexi H,"February 12, 2023","Idk what the hell happened, but notifications no longer pop up in my phone menu or as a chat head. I have tried restarting my phone, uninstalling and reinstalling the app, checking for updates, and this POS app still doesn't work properly. Will update review if the bugs get fixed. Ever.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
297,Kris Marie,"February 14, 2023","2/13/23 Latest update messages are delayed and Marketplace messages are hidden in a separate folder 4/25/21 Latest update is awful! For example, it used to show if a person's bubble had a new message in it, now all chat head bubbles have a tiny Messenger logo on them and they all look the same whether there's a new chat inside or not. I've missed so many messages because of this new design. I used to be able to keep several chat heads open and then just close one by dragging to bottom of screen.",398 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
298,Brandon Liller,"February 12, 2023",Issues for Android: 1.Whenever I send a message to someone the conversation doesn't show up in the app itself. And 2. Whenever I send a message it shows it doesn't go through until I back out of the app wish messages would instantly send. Please fix those issues thanks,4 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
299,Ansherina Marie (anshe),"February 11, 2023","Absolutely Horrible. Notification gets sent late, or near to never. Calls don't go through, phone calls suddenly disappear. I apparently ""Read"" messages sent to me even though I never received a notification in the first place. Can't backread, messages won't load. Message pops up late even when i'm on the chatroom itself.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
300,Lee Lazarus,"February 6, 2023","Very frustrating to use. It tells you that you have notifications when you don't, and vice versa. I also hate the fact that it hides messages from people that you may not be connected with. Just put all the damn messages in the same place! And make it easier to find anybody!",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
301,Adnan Akram,"February 9, 2023","Great application, never really had any issues with it. Only one thing that happens is that it shows me a notification to say I have a message yet I don't have one anywhere. Reinstalling the app solves this issue. Other than that no complaints. 4 stars.",2 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
302,Ricci Hodge,"February 3, 2023",I'm not getting any notifications for the past week. I deleted and reinstalled the app 5 times and nothing. I've made sure everything selected correctly in order to get a notification. Nothing. It's disappointing because this is my primary source when it comes to speaking to my family.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
303,Neva G,"February 20, 2023","I don't always get a notification when someone sends a message, when a call comes through it doesn't pop up on the screen so I end up racing to answer it, and it keeps saying I have an unread message but I've checked everywhere and there's no unread messages but the icon is still lit up.",0,2,Messenger
304,Tim Haun Fishing,"February 19, 2023","Not so great on the new S23 Ultra. Worked fine on my S10 Plus, but has strange quirks and issues on my S23 Ultra. Won't open marketplace messages, will not preview messages in notifications. Sometimes won't open over other apps. I'm sure it'll get ironed out but I'm not sure why it's happening at all.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
305,Soh Lian Ze,"February 17, 2023","When my fren sent me a photo, instead of appearing up as an actual photo, it shows ""sent a photo."" text. Other than that, it is impossible to scroll up the chat history longer than certain short span. These always happen on a constant basis.",0,1,Messenger
306,Debbie Childress,"February 12, 2023","Since Saturday, my messenger app on my Android tablet will not open using the app. It is just blank screen. I get notifications that I have been messaged, when I click on the notification, the screen message says to sign into messenger. But there is no way to do so. I get another blank screen. I have cleared cache, and reinstalled messenger so the version is current. Nothing has worked.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
307,Maurizio1920,"February 12, 2023","The app crashes almost every hour. I cannot open my messages and every time I try to start a conversation, the message hides and doesn't show up until I close and reopen it a few times... It really really really sucks!!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
308,Jaye Ann Derama,"February 14, 2023","So disgusting! Messages are not popping out. If I will not open the app itself, I would not found out that there is a message. You have to wait for an hours before the message pop-up. How many times I restart my phone but still the same and when the message pop out, there is no sound. My Godness. Please fix it!!!",0,1,Messenger
309,Semeniano Jamaica Mae,"February 12, 2023","Recently, this application didn't work as I expected like loading pictures yet I can still send message. I'm just bother if it happens to others. I want to repair it easily. The loading part is really the problem, move as soon as possible.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
310,Pixel Art,"February 13, 2023","My opinion is much decreased than it was before. Messenger is lagging all time. You can't send, receive, play audio messages from time to time. And it's really annoying. Hope you can fix these bugs. Cause they are really ruining experience. Thank you 😊",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
311,Fake Dessert,"February 6, 2023","I would like to complain about the new feature, when I was sending a personal photo to a friend I mistakingly shared it to my story which is something I didn't know beforehand and so easy to misclick, thing is I have lots of followers that could've been a disaster.. please remove that option literally nobody needs it or asked for it.",50 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
312,Xiang Xiang,"February 18, 2023",I have only been using this app for 4 months and I deleted once. It was working fine until one day it decided not to open. It would show the messenger logo and wouldn't load into the chatbox where I could chat. I have tried restarting my phone and deleting the app and download again but it is still not working.,0,1,Messenger
313,Justin,"February 12, 2023","This app has been tweaking for a while now, by I mean tweaking, its been having way too many bugs and problems like group chat messages does not update to the current message being sent there and when you try to send a message it will only remain in the sending process and it will stay there.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
314,John M,"February 4, 2023","Too intrusive. Now getting auto calls created from a game. No way to turn them off. Options for an hour up to 24 hours to turn off notifications, but no way to turn off auto calls. Ridiculous. May have uninstall. Otherwise, the app is ok for messaging.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
315,Saira Pechardo (sasa),"February 15, 2023",Used to be satisfied but now I cannot open my messenger app after the updated version. It doesn't show the inbox and only a blank white screen or sometimes just the logo of Messenger. I installed and reinstalled my app. I also did restart my phone and cleaned my storage. Still does not work. Very frustrating.,0,1,Messenger
316,Tazuu,"February 13, 2023","Honestly I don't understand why your app became eh just disappointed.It was good. But the only feature that's good here now is the free data feature,that's making me stay. If some other apps had this i would, i apologize but i would leave this app but nah.Yours is the most tested and featured app with the free data use. Alright. Most of my messages have bugs like, i sent a message it goes sent or delivered then a few seconds the person I'm talking to suddenly becomes""typing.Its just so Broken..",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
317,Sally Littleshell,"February 17, 2023","WTH happened Active status not showing. My profile phoyo doesnt update. Shows me being logged in from netherlands...im in DC. I cant send voice messages, i get notification days later of messages or not at all. Sometimes ill get like 30 message dings in a row but no messages. I cant search in conversation, i cant scroll back in conversation. Im never notified of incoming calls unless im on the app. Whats going on here? Is there 4th graders writing updates?",0,1,Messenger
318,Kandi Evans,"February 3, 2023","It's having issues, it doesn't deliver messages on time I just had one show up today that was sent to me on Wednesday...90% of the time when I open a chat bubble it's blank I have to close and reopen it to get it to load... Not sure what you've done to it but not happy about it.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
319,KumoX,"February 14, 2023","Only one because, it glitches often, have to clear cache or force stop for it to work, feels like all of them are ignoring me but its just the glitch, can send messages in group but can't in private chats, the chats disappears. When adding someone in a group, after searching, the annoying glitch shows up. When someone sends video you tap to watch it, if you skip it or watch it for lil bit, the glitch shows up. Can't delete stories in messenger, have to go to Facebook to do it. Fix these all asap",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
320,Anna Liza Salvador,"February 12, 2023","I've been using this app for a long time and it was great I got to call/text a family member/friend who lives far away but last week this app won't open,when I try to open it it's just blank the screen is only white and will stay like that then a notification will pop up saying messenger is not functioning well,I tried many things already like uninstalling it and download it again,I also tried clearing it's cache but it still didn't work I even tried restarting my phone but it still didn't work.",0,3,Messenger
321,Gail Ketchmark,"February 12, 2023","My chat heads and notifications have stopped working. I've cleared data, emptied the cache, and uninstalled the app, without success. No settings were changed & do not disturb is not selected. This is a critical feature to have not working.",0,1,Messenger
322,Joselin Dorado Gandara,"February 13, 2023","Just when I was starting to like the app again, now I can't make conversation shortcuts and it was one of my favorite features. I like having my conversation with my boyfriend at hand on my home screen. Edit: I use it for sms and now group texts and business texts don't load. It's just a black screen. This has been going on for several days now.",98 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
323,Shalina Akhter,"February 13, 2023","There is a lot of problems with this app. It is beyond any description that this app is too much necessary for our daily workings. For last two days I can not open messenger. The screen is white. I have left no ways to use it unturned. I have reset my phone. I have cleared all data's, chache memories,restarted my phone for many times. But It is still not working.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
324,Amelia Thatcher,"February 5, 2023","I love Messenger, I've literally used it for about 9 or 10 years. I've never had an issue with it but it has been irritating since the latest update. I cannot load old messages and I keep getting this "" something went wrong, try again"" message, it is very frustrating",24 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
325,Ondrej Vecan,"February 20, 2023","Terrible search and contact list. People in contact list are always sorted in totally wrong order. When using share link or file to messenger - the order of contacts is even worse. It shows two most recent contacts and then people you never contacted. When I search people I want to message by name, the most used contacts are always at the bottom of the list and people which i messaged once in a 10 years are at the top. Stop this madness.",0,1,Messenger
326,Terri-Anne,"February 5, 2023","Idk why they decided to switch from chatheads to bubbles but they clearly aren't interested in what their base thinks. I have seen nothing but negative responses to bubbles yet here we are. Unlike chatheads, you can't easily start a message with someone unless they've already messaged you. The + box only holds recent conversation or nothing at all. You have to close out whatever you are doing and open the messenger app to find the person you wish to talk to. Worst app ever. 🙄",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
327,Jonathan F,"February 18, 2023","Pretty useless, where to start on bugs, online activity always incorrect if not working at all, call logs you can't delete still... connectivity in calls is absolutely shocking, half the time messages are sent and not received even though people are online better off ditching fb\messanger to find a working alternative pretty terrible for a company so (renowned) for working but I guess you guys just got to big to function anymore.",0,1,Messenger
328,John Beato,"February 10, 2023","I don't know if I'm the only one experiencing this but, after the recent update the messages are delayed, I cant open the app and it just suddenly stops. I never experience this before the update but right now, I can't even use it properly. Hope you fix this ASAP",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
329,Shera A,"February 13, 2023",Updated and now it sucks. I don't get any notifications unless I'm in the FB app. It no longer loads older messages. It doesn't even get the red bubble to let mew know. Might as well not have it. I miss the messages and then can't go back and read what I missed!,0,1,Messenger
330,Dean,"February 3, 2023","Good app, but tired of having to force close when it bugs out when trying to play video and another message comes at the same time. Then video bugs and can't play, can't get video buttons off the screen. Have to force close, clear cache and restart",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
331,Loida Sanchez,"February 12, 2023",what is the matter with you. the sound and bubbles of my messenger is not appearing. notification sound suddenly not working and also the bubbles. dont notice if i have messages until i open my messerger app. is their a problem?tried to uninstall and install again. i erase cache i restart my phone all the troubleshoot done already but still not working. please fix the bugs,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
332,Teodor Hadjiev,"February 10, 2023","Buggy as hell, just like Facebook. Often does not refresh contact statuses, sometimes even after manual swiping down. There are other but these are the most prominent for now. Updated it today Feb 10 and it doesn't open at all, hangs. I see many others complain! That's the tragedy when you rely on one app that was always trash to begin with!",60 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
333,Nitsan Simantov (Toolbee.co),"February 11, 2023","Can't disable incoming calls for longer than a few hours. What a garbage company. EDIT: There's a workaround by disabling it though Android settings. Long press the app on the home screen and press ""app info"", from there you can disable various things.",35 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
334,Maria Redding,"February 14, 2023","When upgrading the app, please make sure it's updating and remaining the same. For the past week I've been unable to receive messages unless I physically open the app. Why ""fix"" what's not broken when the problem is now actually worse. Please, Fix. This to the previous version!",0,2,Messenger
335,Monika Shrimali,"February 14, 2023","Worst experience Everything was fine, one day in the morning I opened app ans nothing shows it just shows the first interface since then I have tried everything mailing, force stop, clear data, clear cache, uninstalling reinstalling, switching phone off everything possible thing I have tried but nothing works. Wish I could rate stars in minus",0,1,Messenger
336,Loki Rat,"February 18, 2023","Buggy. Most of the time when I send a message, it's not received until I open the app again. It's not as reliable as it used to be, sadly. I'm losing confidence in it. Also, old messages have been deleted by them which is not useful when you're trying to organise things.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
337,Ameer Hamza,"February 4, 2023","""Bubbles"" the most pathetic update of messenger most of the incoming texts come invisible and for a minute it remains invisible. The layout is pathetic when you try to send a picture and want to crop the picture you can only crop it from upside in bubbles. You can't select another person from list to pop up on screen plsss let us use only chatheads bubbles is pathetic",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
338,Klownzilla Jr.,"February 13, 2023",Please update and fix for Android. I don't get notifications at all. I would have to open up the app just to check if someone messaged me or not. I reinstalled it twice and cleared data same thing. Recent updates always screw things up. Please and thank you.,0,2,Messenger
339,Chris Finlay,"February 4, 2023","Since the last big update this app has got worse, not loading properly and when you have missed all the messages and go to read them you have to scroll up instead of it automatically going to the part you missed, doesn't load pictures properly every now again between fb, insta and messenger it's all getting worse instead of fixing the simple problems",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
340,DAWN GLENN,"February 19, 2023",Update Still sucks 2/19/23 Update 11-30-22 It's hard to believe this app is worse but it is! What happened to all the smart people making these apps? Obviously they are no longer working. This app is a piece of💩!! Update: Now I never get a notification. And there are 2 different messengers. Horrible app! It's just ok. It never works well anymore. Never rings until you open your phone. I'd really give it a -1,9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
341,Giorgos Gakios,"February 13, 2023",The last 3-4 days im unable to open the app. Pocof1. (Restarted-uninstaled-reinstaled-cleared casche data etc.) Till then it was ok. 90+%of the time for what i was using it for was working fine. Im rating it low just to see them and fix the problem. Ill change it afterwards.,0,1,Messenger
342,Kirsten Summer R. Morala,"February 3, 2023",Kindly fix the unsend button its not working. I'll change the rating to 5 stars if you fix it. Thank you! Also for the ones who are Bout to download the app... this app is the most handy thing for communication. It also has react buttons.. and be a way for you to send files.. and locate it in chats.,2 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
343,Tania,"February 17, 2023","Messenger hasn't been working properly for months. Photos won't load properly and sometimes messages aren't getting through. I've cleared my cache multiple times and also uninstalled & reinstalled a few times. Despite this, it's as laggy & buggy as c**p. Can you do something about it please????",0,2,Messenger
344,Narelle Gilmour,"February 7, 2023","Messenger won't allow me to send photos or videos, when I try to attach photos, all I can see is error loading media, I've sent so many technical reports to Facebook and nothing has been don't. I've deleted the app and reinstalled it, reset my phone and still same issue.",0,1,Messenger
345,Andrew davis,"February 11, 2023","It use to run flawlessly, now on my Samsung Galaxy S22+, it doesn't even show the messages are delivered and people already have the message. It shows the ""sent circle"", which is empty circle and a check mark. Before the most recent update, it started malfunctioning right before the update came out, and now a little aftwerwar. Please patch soon, I don't have great cell service at home so messenger is my main form on contact on wifi. Will have to switch is problems persist.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
346,Reefer Matt,"February 18, 2023","Whatever happened on the last update, it screwed up the app. I constantly have to uninstall the app and reinstall to see messages. I get a message notification, but the app does not display it. Wrong move, Facebook.",0,1,Messenger
347,Eka Pachuashvili,"February 11, 2023","For 2 days I have been unable to open messenger. I tried uninstalling it and installing again but with no results. Clearing data also didn't help. An acquaintance of mine has the similar problem. I wonder, when they're going to fix this issue.",0,3,Messenger
348,Ashley Klug,"February 13, 2023","I'm not receiving notifications of messages, since the last update. I've tried everything to fix this, was successful last night until it reverted back on it's own after a few hours. Extremely frustrating!",0,2,Messenger
349,Jan Joshua Ayop,"February 9, 2023","This has become problematic. It's been weeks now since I encountered this issue. You see, It doesn't notify me when theres a message and I have to manually open the app and shocked to see 100+ new messages that did not notify me one bit.",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
350,Cody Sewell,"February 13, 2023","Will not notify me when a message comes in. Battery saver is off, do not disturb is off, in app notifications turned on, messenger notification turned on, airplane mode turned off. Just out of nowhere stopped working 2 days ago. Uninstalled and reinstalled. Nothing fixes the problem.",0,1,Messenger
351,Jandel Amina-Gabriel,"February 6, 2023","Ever since the current update, it won't allow me to open chat heads. Takes me to the settings and still doesn't open chat heads. 2/5/23- app now will not allow me to sign in to multiple accounts on 1 device. It shows loading and never loads or it shows a notification but never clears it.",27 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
352,Baby Burps,"February 15, 2023","I always got restricted and unrestricted in messaging in my group chat. I teach and this is really troublesome. It also use a lot of data and when I upload my lesson video even though the size is just right in their capacity, it still failed. Disappointing.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
353,An B,"February 14, 2023","This is not working. It's not sending me notifications, pics aren't coming through, voice messages take an hour to load, some convos won't show up. Can you please fix this? I see others have the same issues . I've uninstalled already and it didn't fix it.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
354,Colyn Marie,"February 13, 2023","For some reason it crashed earlier. I tried all possible troubleshooting steps, but obviously it failed. So frustrating! I cleared cache and data, turned my phone off and on and reinstall this freaking app,but still unsuccesful. What's happening?!!!",0,1,Messenger
355,Caryl Ann Villaco,"February 14, 2023","I am currently experiencing no notification for the messages as I update this app. I tried to uninstall it and then reinstall it again and still the same, no notifications. Can you please fix this. I really don't know what to do anymore to bring back the notification of the chats. I hope you read this. Thanks!",0,3,Messenger
356,Chris Fedun,"February 6, 2023",Ever since the update in November or December its been a terrible experience. Slow to load images. High cpu usage. Choppy scrolling. It doesn't notify me of calls. I tried reinstalling but now when I try to login it says it sent a approval code to my phone but it never arrives.,0,1,Messenger
357,kman915,"February 11, 2023","Was working alright until... I updated my Galaxy S10+ last night, now when I get recorded voice messages and videos sent to me, they can't be played. All i get are blips saying so n so sent a voice message, or so n so sent a video.. There's no media to be played.",0,2,Messenger
358,Gillian Cruz,"February 13, 2023","this app is a trash, it didn't show notifications whenever someone's messaging me, also the chat head is useless, it doesn't notify me if I have received a message from someone. I don't recommend this app to y'all. This is just a waste of time, storage and patience. I hope y'all fix this damn problem of your stupid app. I'll give you 1 star for this behavior of your app. I might change it to 5 star if you fix this notification problem.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
359,Space Nerd67,"February 18, 2023","So I don't waste my or your time, I'm having the same problem as 97% of other users; no notifications in any way. In ""any way"" means no vibrate, no app icon badge, along with no sound. The only way to know is by opening the app to check...",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
360,Suzanne Clark,"February 15, 2023",My notification sounds have not been working for about a week now. I don't know there's a message until I open app as chat head doesn't even come up. Very frustrating as I am on call for several people and NEED to hear messages. Have put in multiple reports but no reply.,0,1,Messenger
361,Mikklo Ance Cio,"February 11, 2023",Too many bugs and I can't even see what my latest message is. Refreshing the app can't make it even possible. Its nonsense that you create a app with too many bugs and can't even remove the useless bugs. I would rather switch your lite version instead of using this.,7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
362,Jamie Adam,"February 14, 2023","This app is not working very well. It keeps glitching. Photos won't show up, messages go undelivered for a long period of time. Not getting notified of a new message, being notified for old messages I have already seen days ago. Please fix this!",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
363,Kervin Ng,"February 3, 2023",Bugs are not resolved even with multiple updates. when somebody calls me im not receiving notifications. phone is not ringing. it just ends up as a missed call. Im about to change to another messeging app because of this. FB Messenger is becoming unreliable.,0,1,Messenger
364,Niomi Cayen,"February 14, 2023","It's very irritating when an ad to purchase additional data keeps on popping on the screen, and you have to click USE DATA BALANCE just to proceed. It should automatically be using available data balance instead of asking from time to time.",13 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
365,Mindy Yat,"February 6, 2023","6 Feb 2023 - still cant scroll for previous conversations. Still same error. 9 Jan 2023 - the problem not fixed till now.. I search my old message and still can't continuous scrolling down. Just can view the first scrolled messages. This apps is getting more useless..the 'Active' time of my friends are totally not accurate.. And after few times of updates, i still can't search my messages and written 'something went wrong, please try again'.. Hope you'll fix this problem asap",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
366,Gerro Laurio Abarabar,"February 11, 2023","I have now experienced the worst there is. The amount of bugs has now overloaded and now it won't let me see any messages. I open the app, shows the loading screen, wait an hour: boom, not a single thing changed. At this point it is better to switch to Viber. I can't talk to my teachers, my family, my school all because of the monstrosity of this thing they call ""an app"".",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
367,Elaine K.,"February 10, 2023","It's not working! Clicked on it several times, it is not launching at all. It was previously working fine but today, it couldn't even launch when clicked on. Cleared cache, forced stop, uninstalled and reinstalled... nothing works! Please fix it.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
368,Joseph Domingo,"February 7, 2023","I used to like this app but now doesn't work properly. ,👎👎👎👎 No incoming video call or notifying for my messenger app. But I found something that make it work for my cell phone pixel 4 or other cell phone too. I went to my phone app> click it > click to top right menu > Settings > call ID & spam > turn on filter spam calls, then try to call your friend to call you back in there messenger. Then Walla enjoy.",12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
369,Nancy Yaacoub,"February 12, 2023","Removing the bold font for the new message is a fatal mistake, as this was the only indicator that there is a new message. This update caused us to lose track of the new messages and lose important ones. If you need to remove this, you must replace it with another indicator like a circle next to the name or something of the sort (like WhatsApp).",45 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
370,Autastic,"February 3, 2023",Unable to create an account as it does not comply with Google sign in security policy and will not send a confirmation email. Only sends notification email when changing email address. Have avoided Facebook for years and actually relieved messenger is so buggy as I will now continue to do so. Please advise how my data can be deleted since I'm unable to confirm my account due to a Facebook problem.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
371,Martin Hughes,"February 4, 2023","It's ok but a few things need tweaking. Voice notes for example. If the signal is a bit patchy, it's impossible to listen to them. Why don't they save to the device until they are listened to, then deleted?",5 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
372,Alyssa Marie Miranda,"February 18, 2023","So far, messenger is a convenient messaging app. I don't know how to contact the developer directly, but I would highly suggest the ""pin"" setting also applies to the person or group chat you want to have an easy access to. I'm still waiting for this to happen.",0,4,Messenger
373,Kent Lawrence Barce,"February 13, 2023",The app was amazing in the past now it has too many features and too little bug fixes. The features aren't even that used. The bugs keeps piling up from just simple loading issues to now unable to receive notifications.,0,1,Messenger
374,George Gkintzos,"February 12, 2023","Last update, won't let me open the app (in Xiaomi Redmi Note 5) it stucks in black screen. Maybe you should think of some updates with OPTIMIZATIONS & FIX..! You changed appearance, everything is new, cool, modern, but your coding is BAD. The app has bugs. Can't open audio msgs, images, videos, profile icons, stories etc. Please, do something. It's not that hard you have all that money, just improve the app for once.",120 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
375,Jessica Anne,"February 11, 2023",It's becoming so annoying. I don't get notifications for messages or calls til I open the app. Some of my messages are being sent but not delivered til hours later. This app used to be amazing but now it's just so many bugs and problems.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
376,Francine Higgins,"February 5, 2023","I'm constantly getting a notification that I have an unread message, but they remove the bold unread message setting, so I don't know which one is flagging the notification. It used to be a very good app, now....I can do without.",0,2,Messenger
377,Gina Saavedra,"February 13, 2023","Ive been trying to open messenger on a different phone but its not opening, like when i tried to open it it just stays on a black screen. I don't know if it's the app or the wifi, but i think its the app because our wifi is fast and its not that slow. And this never happened to me before.",0,2,Messenger
378,Tina Espinosa,"February 15, 2023",Man I'm about to delete this damn app ever since the update I've had to uninstall and reinstall the app I am not getting any notifications from when I receive a message and that ain't cool. I've gonna through all my notification sounds and settings and everything is turned on and still nothing. It's getting worst I go to my archive and have my messages are gone I try to go back to my chats and can't i go to a message that I keep on home page it's blank. Wish y'all would fix this,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
379,Faithie Faith,"February 13, 2023","I'm so disappointed after the update 😭 I hate the new bubble.... I prefer the before of it where it's round and instead of showing the recent chat you could immediately find someone via that bubble. Not to mention the camera button is gone such a bummer 😭😭😭 please put back the bubble before. Edit: as of 02/13/2022 I am not receiveing any notification in call, chat and doesnt have that head bubbe chat. I checked in my setting and in app and facebook. All is clear I wonder why it just wont.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
380,Md. Kamrul Hasan Khan,"February 12, 2023",Notification is not working properly. I'm not getting any notification or pop-up of texts. It's also not showing the real time of a seen message. Only shows the time when the message was sent. It's very frustrating.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
381,Marie Galioto (IDOJFans4ever),"February 13, 2023",Not getting any notifications for this app reinstalled app and installed it multiple times I even reset my whole phone I have the notifications on too but nothing would really appreciate it if you could fix this issue my app is currently up to date but would like this issue fixed. Thanks!!,0,1,Messenger
382,Arden CAst,"February 10, 2023","The new message is not on BOLD font you can't even distinguish between what's been read and new messages.. Bad update, tried to change my settings still like that.. Nothing happens.. This comes after I update the firmware of my Samsung Note 20 to the newest version, and a while ago there's a newer update and still like that",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
383,BlueMalvory,"February 10, 2023","Most features like search conversation, view media are not working properly. Messages are also delayed and sometimes when you scroll, it stops working then you have to restart app for it to work again. It's too buggy right now",0,1,Messenger
384,Maica Aguilar,"February 7, 2023","you keep updating this messenger but nothing's happened. There are so many bugs, every time I played the video, it always crashed. I CAN'T EVEN BACKREAD USING THE ""SEARCH IN CONVERSATION"" every time I click the message, It appears black. FIX THIS ASAP!!!",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
385,Katia Boudreau (Hayxu),"February 3, 2023","Super buggy. Messages don't send, messages receives 10 minutes later, the time a message was read by the receiver doesn't shows properly, it instead shows the sending date There's so much I can't write it down Edit: Cannot send pictures Terrible app.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
386,Gabriel sebastian Caspe,"February 13, 2023",The unsend button is not working well and the notification in the apps is not working to!when recieving messages and calls theres no notification!kindly fix this issue..i dont want to recommend this through other people it realy sucks!! very very poor maintainance!!theres no update!!,0,1,Messenger
387,Auxiira YWS dA,"February 12, 2023","The app is broken, I've tried clearing all data, uninstalling and reinstalling it, nothing seems to work. I get notifications in the fb app that I have a message but they never load into the messenger app, there are several chats that I never get notifications for despite them not being muted",0,1,Messenger
388,Tanya M.,"February 11, 2023",The chat head bubble won't pop up or i won't get notified when I get a message from anyone. I have to open the messenger app to see IF the person replied back to me or not. Super irritating AND a BIG inconvenience to all of us messenger users with friends and/or family who you don't have their numbers. I thought it was just me or my phone having this issue BUT...It seems like I'm NOT the only one having THIS issue. Please Fix this issue like Yesterday!!!,8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
389,Kenk,"February 3, 2023","I installed this because it's the main chatting app in my country, it worked fine until today. I can't unsend any of my messages, I tried reinstalling the app, I tried clearing the cache and data, NOTHING WORKED. This bug is so annoying and hopefully this gets fixed.",0,2,Messenger
390,Ms. Daigo,"February 12, 2023","I'm getting a red dot saying I have conversations from other accounts when nobody sent me messages. I kept switching and this app managed to disappoint me everytime. The app got bugs, I can't even send messages to my friends and I can't even see my archived stories. What was the update? Slower version?",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
391,Ryan Ingram (Zweifooter),"February 17, 2023","Notifications aren't displaying for chats anymore. Also, the chat heads aren't working properly on my LG G8X right now. It drops them down roughly the size of header at the top of the app when I tap on them half of the time, making the box to type the message in inaccessible unless I close the heads and open the app manually. I can send a screenshot if the Zucc wants one. I'll also mail him a bottle of Sweet Baby Rays if he adds Webm support.",0,2,Messenger
392,mrhahngreekfan,"February 11, 2023","Since yesterday I can't open the app. Even tho I love and use it all day long I had to give it 3 stars in order to write this review. I rebooted the phone . Unistalled and reinstalled and still I can't use it. It's just a white screen and after a min a "" not responding"" message pops",0,3,Messenger
393,Steven Matthews,"February 14, 2023","Voice messages being uploaded but not coming through just a not saying voice message, pictures being posted and not showing up for 5 maybe 10 minutes or continually logging in and out to make them appear. Not sure what's happened but it's ruining the experience",0,1,Messenger
394,Diane Sicard,"February 3, 2023",Messages are always failing to send. I've looked over the settings many times and did what was suggested. Experienced people have looked at it and no matter what is tries STILL NO MESSAGES SENT!!!!! Had a family emergency and couldn't contact anyone cause of it????????,0,3,Messenger
395,Sheikh Abdullah,"February 15, 2023",Totally unusable! The developers clearly don’t want you to use this app. New messages don’t show at all after refreshing. Have to clear data to see new messages each time! What a joke this has become! Previously texts notifications wouldn’t appear and now this.,174 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
396,NEVERLAND,"February 13, 2023","Too many bugs after the lastest update in messenger. My messages don't show up and disappear sometimes. The head chats don't pop up and it doesn't notify me at all, even tho i able it in the settings. I always should head back to the app and see if someone has replied to me. Please fix this thank you!",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
397,Laban Cox,"February 6, 2023","Having difficulty loading images I've sent, when I clicking it'll only partly load (but not the image at all). Seems to almost make messenger, or my phone, crash - as I'm unable to use pretty much any other buttons. I don't understand how ""meta"" keeps making this app worse.",78 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
398,Armitage,"February 12, 2023","the app suddenly stops one day. it won't load. installed and uninstalled. even reset the phone. still won't load. i dont know why. it jus stop working on my phone. tried logging my account to other phones with messenger, works fine. but for the one i'm using, it just suddenly stopped. any assistance from meta?",3 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
399,Sneha Manandhar,"February 18, 2023",It just stopped working one day (maybe 2 weeks ago) and will not work again on my device. It got to a point that even messenger lite stops working when messenger app is installed. It always keeps having glitches and is really frustrating to work with. (Device : Redmi Note 6 Pro),0,1,Messenger
400,ToryLinn Gryffindor HG,"February 15, 2023","Cant access messages through the app, stuck in an endless loading buffer, no notifications when I get a message, neither audio or visual, and no message preview. All this occurred because of the new update.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
401,Chary Rellosa,"February 14, 2023","cant use it. It's been almost a week since the system is down. when I open the app my phone doesn't work well, phone hangs and it affects the connected apps as well like instaG. App crashes everytime I open the app. Please fix the issue",0,1,Messenger
402,Javin Greene,"February 4, 2023","The app continues to have issues with notifications, and the refresh icon continously spins as of my last update Feb 2023. Pleaee is bring back the ability to delete contacts by clicking on them! They keep showing up and I want them gone.",19 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
403,J.B More,"February 2, 2023",I have not been able to send messages for days all that comes up is could not send its doing it to every single contact on my messenger and I've reported the issue several times to Facebook with absolutely no contact back.... If you are going to block people from communicating you should at least have the goddamn courtesy to let the user know why the hell it is happening....,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
404,Victonda Trent,"February 10, 2023","Since the update this app SUCKS😡, It now takes to long for a message to be sent and delivered. I've tried several things and it won't fix the issues. I thought updates were supposed to fix issues, it seems like it makes it worse! 😡😡😡😡",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
405,Ed Cooley,"February 13, 2023","Notifications for day old messages or longer app has to be restarted to see pictures and links that were sent, everything worked fine until the last update and since then it's been a mess, cleared the cache, uninstalled and reinstalled and still does it, just sad",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
406,Nanachi,"February 12, 2023","Getting pissy with this app - used to be fast and snappy and it updated the moment anyone did anything to show seen sent delivered and the like, now my voice messages are all 0:00 long and most of the time it stays like this ""🎤sent a voice message."" And can I play those? No! ""sent a photo."" CAN I SEE IT.? NAH BETTER GO TO MEDIA AND FILES. IT WASN'T BROKEN NOW ITS FUGGED. You lot at facebook/meta are super incompetent. It worked. We didn't ask you to make it work better, and now it barely works.",0,1,Messenger
407,Destiny Leger,"February 13, 2023","I no longer get notifications for messages. I've restarted my phone, deleted and reinstalled the app, messed with notification settings to make sure they are all on, and they still don't work.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
408,Dawnbreaker IOUN,"February 2, 2023","When you have Messages as the original default and you set Messenger as the default, you cant save images that you receive. It says ""Failed to save image"" or ""Could not save image."" This needs to be fixed for it to be a higher rating.",4 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
409,Summer Pilcher,"February 14, 2023",Very buggy. My app keeps glitching saying I haven't sent messages or reacted to messages when I very obviously have. Videos people send me only work for about 4 seconds before the screen goes black and I have to close the app and try again pls fix this it's my main form of communication,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
410,Rachelle Ann C. Silvoza,"February 10, 2023","So many bugs if you're gonna update it please fix the bugs also. Most of the time it doesn't notify me if someone messaged me. Even though the internet connection is good, it still lags and sends my messages after many minutes or doesn't even send it at all my unsent messages just completely vanished. They keep updating this app but the bugs are only getting worser",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
411,Gergő Csáki,"February 7, 2023","Sometimes messages arrive late, or just straight up not at all until you click on the person who sent it. On android 13 there are no notifications. So it's just unusable as a messaging platform.",15 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
412,Axte Zy,"February 11, 2023","After getting the recent updates, the application becomes more buggy. At first whenever I use the bubble feature there was always ""something went wrong"". Now, I am stuck on the logo screen itself. Even the Messenger lite is not working. What is happening?",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
413,Deanna Flores,"February 3, 2023",I consistently have issues with not seeing messages unless I open the app (yes I have notifications on) also not getting calls coming through & then seeing the missed call. Often someone send 4-5 messages before I finally get one to ping on my phone. Get it together fb!,0,1,Messenger
414,lee.j,"February 17, 2023","ok the app became worse after updating. Whenever someone sends me a pic i can't see it. All I see is just ""sent a photo."" and tbh it's very irritating since my teacher sends us important lessons using pics. I'm just hoping y'all actually fix the bugs and not work on adding features",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
415,Morten Christiansen (Mnc),"February 4, 2023","I have to reinstall this app weekly, because it just slowly stops working. GIFs stop loading, so when you scroll through GIF selection, more and more are just white squares instead of previewing. And notifications stop working after a few days usually.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
416,Paul Del Monstruo,"February 13, 2023","Lots of bugs. When playing videos, the slider will be stuck so I have to close the app and open again. I sometimes can't see the photos being sent. And many more...",0,1,Messenger
417,Ruth Hunt,"February 19, 2023",Getting over the red bubble bug and if I have sent a massage it dosent pop up at all and I keep having to uninstall and reinstall all the time and they have sent one back and after I reinstall the massnagers come up but it's like a recurring problem kinda starting to get really annoying to the point we're I don't want massanger anymore,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
418,Lyn Bolaños,"February 19, 2023","This app is literally broken. When someone send me a message, its about 2-3 minutes delayed on notifying me. I can't even add a complete video on my stories since it's always cutted. Y'all keep adding useless features here. Please fix it.",0,1,Messenger
419,Jane Mackney,"February 13, 2023","What is going on!? I used to love the app, lately its had nothing but problems.. Now I'm not even getting notifications, chats heads don't appear. Photos on profiles are black. ""Seen at"" is always the same time as the message was sent.. Please fix the app..",0,1,Messenger
420,Darklord092,"February 3, 2023","Too much bug. Old bugs about videos are still here and not fixed, and now it won't even start up properly, I can't open the app now it's just stuck on a loading screen. Very poor updates and bug fixes.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
421,Dragan Kurbalija,"February 13, 2023","Not sure what's going on lately but app constantly crashes, doesn't sent notifications about new messages on my personal page or my business page, no matter which one I'm signed in. Constantly logging me out several times a day and asks to log back in, sometimes in between the messages",0,1,Messenger
422,Nadine,"February 18, 2023","I don't know why it won't let me follow a Facebook video link! It's driving me insane, it'll take me to the area for Facebook videos, but not to the actual video I've clicked on. I tried the reinstall, settings, turning phone off etc.",0,3,Messenger
423,Sonora0Redwing,"February 13, 2023","The only problem I'm getting now after the newest update is everytime someone shares an attachment or photo, it just says ""sent attachment"" or ""sent photo"" . It sometimes takes a few minutes or few hours to finally load up what was sent. Can you fix this, please!",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
424,OwO,"February 19, 2023",The bugs are annoying. Sometimes it would say error and i cant even see messages. Right now even the notification doesnt work and i cant even see the message of my friend. This is so annoying!,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
425,Shanley Claire Abuda,"February 14, 2023",Messages don't appear at the time they were sent. Pls fix this. I keep getting delays because of this. The emoji also turns to box from time to time when you uninstall the app then takes time to come back naturally.,0,1,Messenger
426,Ann-Margaret Gauthier,"February 5, 2023","When on a video call and want to add a person, only some people show up.. when I hit search to look for the person I want to add, their name won't come up... it only shows suggested people to invite to the call not everyone who is on your friends list...",14 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
427,Emily VenRooy,"February 12, 2023",App hasn't been sending message notifications for me or my husband. My husband hasn't been receiving notifications for about a month and I haven't been receiving them for a few days now. Both our apps are fully updated.,0,1,Messenger
428,Barbara Nemeti,"February 4, 2023","I call my mum on it, but in the past year or so it became utterly rubish. It constantly crushes while i am talking to her, when im trying to call her back, it doesnt want to connect, when it finally does, it does not ring on her side but much much later, or after several tries. After a while,we would give up, then 10 minutes after we hung up, my mum told me that i was ringing her when i was not. This kind of delay can't be legal. It is so random when i get notification of a message as well.",0,2,Messenger
429,Trisha Ortiz,"February 12, 2023","App freezes on messages screen, and won't allow me to scroll back up to old messages or use search in messages feature. I can see the message but if I click on it to go back and read others from the passage its a blank screen.",0,1,Messenger
430,Therry Linatoc,"December 2, 2022","Issues after issues with this app. Whenever i watch a video that was sent in thus app, it gets stuck and couldn't open any chatheads. I have to restart my phone. Then, recently after my latest phone update, this app also updated then unread messages are not highlighted or in bold. I could not see which message is not yet read. Very unhelpful.",118 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
431,Sheng Arroyo,"February 3, 2023","The latest version aren't good. They remove alot of stuffs that I mostly use like emoji reactions and games that you can play with people inside the group conversation. So disappointing 😔 Edited: I was trying to unsent a message that I send wrongly to someone, but though I click 'remove to everyone' too many times it can't be unsent. It's quite frustrating. What's happening to messenger?",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
432,April Turner-Headley,"February 15, 2023",This app isn't working anymore. I don't get notifications at all. And sometimes it doesn't show when I send messages or receive them. And no vanish mode is not on. I have to open the app to see if I have any notifications. FIX YOUR APP!!!!!!!! 😡😡😡😡😡,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
433,Shauna HACK,"February 12, 2023",Up until the recent update I have not had any persistent issues with this app. Now if I click on an image in a chat my screen will freeze without opening the photo and then I have to exit the app to be able to use again. This happens 100% of the time now!,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
434,Heaven huebner,"February 17, 2023","I'm very upset, this app used to be great. Now, there so many problems. 1. You can't scroll through images 2. You can take pictures on video call of family 3. It's saying I can't text some family. 4. I don't get all my notifications anymore. That update, ruined a lot of good things that WERE on it. Not everything is good with change.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
435,Rebecca Ashley,"January 29, 2023","I noticed yesterday (28th Jan) around 1/2pm I wasn't able to send images on messenger. This continues to be an issue even after a day. I've tried uninstalling, updating the app, cleaning cache, force stop, making sure media sharing is enabled etc and nothing is working. When I uninstalled last night and loaded back in it actually let me send a photo and I thought the problem was fixed but after that it started again and is still an issue",47 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
436,JAHID Hasan,"February 1, 2023","It's getting worse day by day After a few days, new problems arise. Shows online even when offline.After a while of chatting with someone those messages are displayed on the screen as if those messages have just been sent to me. If someone sends a message when mobile data or WiFi is on, the message is shown on the screen after 25 to 30 minutes. Even if I don't see the message, many times it is automatically seen.",449 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
437,Low Yang Yi,"February 11, 2023","Very laggy，always load very long time everytime I use the chat head. Everything I press didn't respond at first, and after few minutes the chat head will pop up very suddenly when I'm using other apps. Very bad experience while using messenger app these months. Also the notification always show delayed messages like from an hour ago. If I didn't check the app, I may miss important messages. New messages won't pop up unless I checked the chat room.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
438,Cierra Orix Lopez (PokeOrix),"January 26, 2023","This latest update has done something really odd to the notifications, sending them more than once, delaying them severely after I've already seen the message, or not showing them in the bubble convo at all. I'll receive new messages and have to close the bubbles and open from the main app to see them. This is real weird.",122 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
439,Joann Rotondella,"February 17, 2023",No idea what you have done this month but messages are not being sent or received on time. On phone have to turn off wifi for them to work. Even if sent from pc they are not appearing on phone and vise versa.,0,1,Messenger
440,Judy Pierson,"February 12, 2023","Past 2 days messenger has not made any notification sounds when I receive a msg.. I Have Tried EVERYTHING... From phone settings in case it was my phone, to deleting and reinstalling Messenger... This has been very annoying and sure hope y'all can Get It Together and fix the problem with your app....",0,1,Messenger
441,jannatul ferdous rimi,"January 27, 2023","I can't see my old messages.. when I search to see my old messages it doesn't work anymore,, after viewing the conversation for a while the subsequent conversations are not coming to messenger. It disappointed me a lot. This problem is not happening now, this problem has been occurring for quite some time.. I thought this problem will be fixed next time but this problem has been happening for a long time and still it is not getting resolved.","1,314 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
442,Ryan Rooney,"February 7, 2023","Still miss the messenger games... don't know why they got rid of them. Quite regularly don't get notifications for messages until hours or even days later, sometimes not at all. 100% agree with other reviews saying it's harder to search for past messages now too, it used to be a lot easier/actually possible.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
443,Sourav Sen,"February 14, 2023","New update is very bad. Please Fix notification problem. At least for me, and as far as I've seen in a few comments, this app is almost completely broken. Just to name a few: Notifications don't work, you cannot search conversations, backgrounds glitch out frequently, the app itself sometimes just blacks out and you've got to force stop it (and even then it's not a guaranteed fix). It's becoming kind of unbearable to use it, and I've been using this app ever since it was launched.",537 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
444,Amber East,"February 17, 2023","App used to be good untill all the updates that don't give people notifications unless u go in and open the app. Yes I have restarted phone, connecton, checked notifications, reinstalled and anything else I can think of and still have trouble. Have missed alot of important messages because of this and so have other people I know. FIX THIS NOW!!!!!!",0,1,Messenger
445,Jill Warner,"February 15, 2023","I use to love this app but lately it's not been sending my messages or saying it's been delivered it will just show the circle with the check mark and it won't be shaded in like it normally does and I know the person hasn't restricted me it also won't tell me when I have a message. I have to delete the app then reinstall it for it to work properly, goes fine for a while then goes back to not sending my messages or delivering them and not telling me I got messages.",0,2,Messenger
446,Ian Foreman,"February 12, 2023","I've used both this and Messenger Lite. Messenger has more features than Lite, like replies and archived chats. However, this app is noticeably slower to open and load stuff, as well send messages. The notifications are buggy too. Sometimes I will get a notification for messages I've read an hour ago! Annoying, but other than that, the app works great.",2 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
447,Aldrin Fontanilla,"February 13, 2023","Calls used to reconnect when wifi suddenly goes out and comes back, now it doesn't. Cannot reconnect as fast as past versions, app had to be restarted to do so, even if internet connection was fast. Please fix Update: Messages aren't notifying properly. No chat heads, no banner, nothing.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
448,julian fong,"February 16, 2023","Opening Facebook video link in messenger sometimes crash and freeze up the entire phone screen, can only use home screen and slide down (notifications, settings, etc). Problem remains even when closing the app, force to restart phone. And messenger cropping photo/image always start at 1/9 of the image instead of the top of, no way to expand the cropping to the full image (have to retry a few times) until it start from the top.",55 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
449,Deon Gorle,"February 17, 2023","Quite simply doesn't work. Shame on Facebook. The WhatsApp team should be employed to sort this out as that works flawlessly. Doesn't update messages that are typed on Messenger Desktop, doesn't update anything until uninstalled and reinstalled. Keeps crashing. I have a Samsung S21 Ultra with a fresh OS install and it still does the same. Desktop version is even worse. The team needs sacking and a new team in to finally sort this once and for all.",0,1,Messenger
450,Kim Morgan,"February 21, 2023","Update today just made messenger worse. Cant play videos in messenger, it freezes it up.",23 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
451,Terran Titanium,"February 6, 2023",edit: why is the search-in-chat so broken now?? It only takes me to a specific part and refuses to load more outside of that. This is horrid. Let me scroll. Why can I forward to only 6 people at a time in this current update???? No this is NOT ideal. Please fix!!! And what's with the ability to edit photos randomly disappearing?? Very frustrating.,4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
452,Morbid,"February 11, 2023",Not sure why but recently this app when deleting a message shows a box that says deleting message. The box stays on the screen longer than usual and has been stuck on the screen to make you force restart your phone. It is VERY annoying. This app has made me restart my phone a total of 9 times in the last 12 hrs.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
453,Wendy Yost,"February 16, 2023","Frustrating, it was my go to and really great overall...now I can't open voice messages it just says someone sent one but you can't listen, it closes itself out often, the ease of which I could search messages for conversations and or pictures is gone....it's become very frustrating since the last update",0,2,Messenger
454,Ilyes Ben Hmad,"February 16, 2023","I had a great experience with your application, but Messenger is in the iOS It has advantages that we do not have and If you add these features in your Android app, it will be a good idea. I have an example The platform on iOS can press hard on the conversation to see the messages without being noticed by other users, unlike in Android. Please renew your app because it's disgusting and very slow like Facebook and Instagram Many issues in the app also",47 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
455,Marianne Halgunset,"February 15, 2023","Not working very well after the last update. Messages seems to be delayed, sync between devices is delayed, notifications doesn't seem to be working properly, and I can only see the top 10 of my chats now. Pretty sure the community chats you've added for groups, are messing things up. And I very much dislike being added to these chats, without being asked.",0,1,Messenger
456,domainofnao,"February 16, 2023","It's buggy. I can't receive messages no matter how many times I've uninstalled/installed this app. If I do receive messages, it's already hours ago. This is the case for my android, but on my apple and my laptop, it works fine. However, I use my android most of the time so please fix this.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
457,Toby Hagler,"February 17, 2023","Too bugged. You used to be able to scroll through old messages when you use the ""search in conversation"" feature but now it won't allow you to scroll through. Really annoying if you're trying to search for something important but can't scroll to find it. Pls fix",0,2,Messenger
458,Alfie Amdro Torrenueva,"February 16, 2023","So many bugs just fix it and remove some errors. It has many issues like messages not being delivered, delayed messages, loading when searching, link getting expired. Please remove this issue, and retain the previous features where everything is smooth as is and responsive",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
459,Zephy,"February 2, 2023","This was a really good and convenient app BEFORE, currently it's amongst the worse. There's too many bugs, it's a 3rd rate app now and not something I'd recommend. I also don't see any attemps or replies from the developers on how they'd address these problems, and they've been present for a really LONG time ago.",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
460,mark humphries,"February 15, 2023","For some reason, your app doesn't work . I use it for my business, and the messages aren't sending. Plus, when I swap to my normal account, I have to shut it down and reload almost every time fix it please. I've changed to 1 star because your rubbish I rely on you for business use and can get any messages",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
461,Heather,"February 16, 2023","It barely works. Glitching, delayed sending if it sends messages or pictures at all, plus when messages do finally arrive they don't always show up!!! Oh don't even get me started on the lack of notifications.",0,1,Messenger
462,Duc Nguyen,"February 17, 2023","Can't load old messages passed a couple days old. When I scroll all the way up in a thread, it doesn't load previous message nor show loading icon, literally nothing happens, it just doesn't load/show old messages anymore. Wish I can uninstall the update and get back the old version",0,1,Messenger
463,Arvin K,"February 16, 2023",Bring back the old notification sounds specifically 'sizzle'!! Reinstate also the ignore option. Restrict is somehow not useful. Messages are mostly delayed without notifying you. And tons of nonsense features such as marketplace and community chats which you cant remove in the app.,15 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
464,Riyuvio,"February 17, 2023","It takes me more than an hour to receive new messages. I'd open the app, refresh it, and see that I haven't gotten any new messages only to come back an hour or more later to find that I've missed a lot. I thought my phone was the one at fault, but this is happening on my other mobile devices as well. I really hope this annoying bug gets fixed soon.",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
465,Jessica Miller,"February 15, 2023","App does not keep chats up to date as of a week ago. Have to frequently use Facebook on the browser to get new messages which will eventually show up 30-120mins later than sent in the mobile app. Have uninstalled/reinstalled, checked for updates, force closed, cleared app cache and data, still not remaining up to date.",0,2,Messenger
466,Jessa Cintron,"February 15, 2023","Im only giving this 1 star because lately (within this past week), I havent been getting notifications when someone sends me a message and I am not getting the bubble popping up either. There is no new update and I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app. Please fix this problem. I use messenger for business purposes and I am missing out kn very important messages.",0,1,Messenger
467,Thomas Peppers,"February 16, 2023",EVERY TIME I TRY TO SEND MONEY THE APP CRASHES. PLEASE FIX THIS. Old review: Locking my phone while placing a call causes my phone to not be able to be turned back on until it resets itself and I lose all my notifications. Horrible app experience. 1 star until fixed.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
468,Vicky Pryde,"February 2, 2023",No notifications anymore. I keep missing messages from people because I'm not getting notifications. I even had a missed call through messenger that didn't show until I actually went into the app! I never used to have this issue.,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
469,Abraham Geussef Almanon,"February 15, 2023","As a student sometimes I'm struggling to use this, I can't create a groupchat for school purposes sometimes I can't see their messages, I always need to update it everytime for it's always bugging, sometimes I just need to uninstall this app and reinstall just to work properly and it was so hassle if only there are other messaging app that my teachers would use I would definitely delete this app!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
470,King Do,"February 16, 2023","I used this app for many years, but the apps keep crashing, when i play video in the chat the video will suddenly stop and you cant close the chat heads, it is so frustrating, hope you can fix this problem, thank you Update comment, this app still has so many bugs!",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
471,Nel Panlaqui,"February 17, 2023","The navigation button suddenly don't appear after doing a videocall. Unit: Infinix Note 10 Pro. Also, the delay messages and notification. Please stop adding useless features and start focusing/fixing what this application should do!!!",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
472,APRIL FISHER,"February 16, 2023","Frustrated, I've had to uninstall an re install just to get it to send my messages. It doesn't send my messages till the next day sometimes an it doesnt matter weather im on wifi or my own data on my phone. Its been doin this for months an i wish it would just send my messages when i send them.",0,2,Messenger
473,Md Wahidur Rahman Fahim,"February 16, 2023","After upgrading, this app shows some issue. The common issue is that this app can't open in most of the mobile.The second one is that if any one replied me to any text or send any photo,i can't see the replay line or photo.",0,1,Messenger
474,Courtney Snyder,"December 29, 2022","Updates are awful. Bring back the chat heads instead of the bubbles which are incredibly inconvenient and harder to navigate, and also look worse, fix the notifications, and bring back the option to edit pictures before sending. Basically undo your new updates. Looks like I'm not the only one unhappy about it.",34 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
475,Tungangen Datu Ramil G.,"February 13, 2023","You keep updating this app and become even worst. Too many bug, even though you have a stable connection it say ""connecting"", there had been removed the messages you're suppose to unread which makes us difficult to back read the unread messages.",0,1,Messenger
476,Christy Watts,"February 13, 2023","No notifications. Doesn't show new messages. No sound, no light indicated, nothing. The latest update sucks. Stop messing with the app! I have to open the app to see if I have a new message. Over it! Fix the app!",10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
477,Doubletake,"January 16, 2023",Works.. sometimes Clean enough UI and usable but better check it regularly as they don't seem to be in a hurry to fix the issue where messages don't pop up to tell you someone's trying to reach you. I checked my android notification settings and app settings and nothing is switched off. I missed several people messaging me yesterday as it simply didn't raise a notification or ping me.,54 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
478,sayema sayema,"February 14, 2023","Always ask for access or log in to another account. Also, it's a really slow app. 🐌. It's really annoying when it's emergency and trying to message someone, and it takes forever to send or get messages",0,1,Messenger
479,Anne,"February 4, 2023","Accessing facebook and messenger on browser is much better than using the app. Instead of getting better each update, it just keeps on getting worse. I am not receiving messages real time. I need keep on refreshing my inboxes to load the messages.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
480,Coddy Sechler,"February 13, 2023","Messenger use to be my main messaging app to stay in contact with everyone I know and talk to, now it barely works properly constantly malfunctioning I don't know if it's a bug or what. Keeps saying I have messages and won't show them I had to clear my cache and data to use it yet tho it's temporary I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it still hasn't fixed the problem. Does anyone know how to fix my problem?",0,3,Messenger
481,Sneji Hristova,"December 10, 2022","With every update it's getting worse. Since the last update it is barely usable. It keeps crashing, messages are not received until one opened the chat then you get notifications for 3 weeks in a row! Literally! Pop up WAS the best feature. Now the pop up is a 1/3 of screen, you can't pick other person, hasa tiny window to see the last message when typing and it charshes so i need to restart the phone every day caussle there is a f up frozen version of my chat on top of my screen i can't remove.",20 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
482,Kyaw Pyaesone,"February 15, 2023",I was really disappointed about Messenger application because the page is not available right now. The application responds with the technical error. I can't use the application this day because of technical error. Sometimes its's really slowly going. I really hope the application should be better for users around the world.,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
483,Sunny,"January 24, 2023","Messenger used to be fine. But now it's more buggy than ever. Playing a video but it stops and turns black, sometimes bug out and leave the video pause stuff on the screen even when you already left. Messenger not working most of the times too, which makes you reopen the app 3 times. Also deleting messages randomly even though the internet is strong, it doesn't send at first and when you reopen the app they delete it, sometimes delete it when you just sent it. Disappointed.",388 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
484,Violet Shreve,"December 22, 2022","More and more bugs and bad UX keep piling up. Messenger felt groundbreaking a couple years ago, but it's gotten more than stale. Maybe if this was a metaverse app, they'd put some effort into *maintaining* it. Really, truly, I am on the verge of calling it quits. All my friends use messenger but I just cannot. There are new bugs springing up every day.",28 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
485,Ma. Andrea Amor Galario-Dahlen,"December 23, 2022","Unread messages are usually highlighted but now, I have to be in dark mode which I hate just to see those unread messages. Also, when you need to backread conversations, you just needed to tap the number of unread messages in a group chat so you won't have to scroll. This new update is horrible! Also, I can no longer change the message tone I had to do it one by one. What is wrong with your developers?????",48 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
486,David Elfleet,"February 12, 2023","Notifications are a bit hit or miss and only received if I open Messenger. Viewing past messages seems to be broken. Search history works, but tapping searched item shows it unable to load any past message more than around 2 screen full in past however long that is.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
487,franz uy,"November 30, 2022","I seem to be having errors where in i can still recieve messages but can not open them. When i try to click on the chat it doesnt do anything. I double checked my internet connection and it is definitely fine. Ive read that other users are experiencing the same. If anyone know how to resolve this issue please share,but for now the app is rather useless if u cant message back",51 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
488,Kareena Harrison,"February 11, 2023","I am trying to delete your so called ""greatest app"" off my phone and it has been literally TWO hours since it has started uninstalling I don't know whether it's your app or my phone but as well as everything else in my phone works just fine except for this app, I am extremely dissapointed in this and I recommend that Nobody uses it, because it's just plain awful! If I could post you a picture of the problem I would.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
489,Erin Grammer,"February 16, 2023",This has been really painful to run my buisness through. Messages not receiving and messages not sending. Constantly having to update. It's made it a very difficult experience to use as a constant format to talk to my clients with.,0,1,Messenger
490,LICA,"February 18, 2023","I like all of it except the fact that I can't removed the other account that was also saved! I already log it out from the facebook apps, even deleted its history and password first before removing them yet when I tried to also remove those accounts from my messenger. It always says that the account was still log in! Tf. Please fix this. It really bother me so much, and also please change the bubbles to chat head. I want the old one, the circle not the square.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
491,Brandon Smith,"February 17, 2023","Update SUXXXX!!! Chat bubbles aren't popping up, when I get sent a video it just says so and so ""sent a video"" but there's no video. When I get sent a link to a video on Reels, I click it and it just sends me to the Reels homepage not the video in the link.... Get off your a**es and fix your mistakes. 💯",0,2,Messenger
492,Kustán Rebeka,"February 9, 2023","The app won't open at all for hours now, and it often crashes as well, furthermore some messages aren't showing, just after I close and open the app again. I often do not receive any notifications.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
493,Wesley Jones,"February 19, 2023",Will not send notifications to Android Auto. All other app notifications work well and are available within Android Auto. It worked well with Android Auto until I about 3 weeks ago. Please help. I have checked all my settings within my phone ( S22 Ultra) and within Android Auto itself.,0,1,Messenger
494,Sothee Bak,"February 13, 2023","Notifications aren't working on s22. For multiple messages in same chat, I used to be able to pull down and see the messages but now can only see 1 message. Also unable to tell in app which messages are unread as they aren't in bold anymore.",0,2,Messenger
495,Kelly Ann,"February 16, 2023","Really useless recently. If pictures or attachments or voice messages get sent, they don't appear or open. Same with standard text messages. Please fix, it used to be brilliant.",0,1,Messenger
496,Elisha-Jane Williams,"January 28, 2023","Calls no longer work. I can't find people in chats without typing their entire names, yet I get people I don't chat to or even know. Notifications coming through a second time hours later. The app closing saying there is an error and to try again. There's more that wouldn't even fit in this review. It's really poor at the moment. It used to be really good.",26 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
497,Jaylou Nabua,"February 18, 2023",I hope that soon. Messenger will have an unsent button in media gallery. Where you don't have to back read the photo that you forgot to sent before you unsent it. I want to immediately unsent some pictures where I don't need to search for the conversation and unsent it. Please make it happen. Back reading and search conversation is time-consuming.,326 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
498,chxllygvng,"February 17, 2023","The app just stopped bothering to load one day. Won't even open or load the screen on the app just comes up saying messenger isn't responding and I can click ok, report or wait. I've done everything to reset it but nothing has worked all my other apps work fine.",0,1,Messenger
499,Geneviève Gareau,"February 1, 2023","What's going on?? I don't recall having that much issues with Messenger until recently: notifications are all bersek! I'm getting a flood of them that are from the day before and if someone texts me I don't get it right away?! I missed most calls. Also I have customized some notifications to know when someone important is writing, yet sometimes it just revert to the default sound but the setting is still in place.... SO ANNOYING ~ please can this be lookup",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
500,Kathy Smith,"February 16, 2023",Not too happy when your on a call and somehow it creates a group call on its own. Not even aware until someone starts talking and your left wondering how long they were listening in!!! Have to turn my screen off and hopefully it stops happening!,0,1,Messenger
501,Norja02,"February 13, 2023","A lot of Asians are using this app so i guess u have enough money or staff to fix bugs right? The past messenger app is actually good but noww it's worse, a lot of bugss, errors and etc. It's so annoying. Stop putting different features when u can't even fix a bug",0,1,Messenger
502,Έλλη Κωνσταντοπούλου,"February 11, 2023","I'm getting my messages 20-30 minutes after they are sent! No sound, no vibration, no notification! What the heck?? Update: it's now really glitchy. I can't view messages or listen to voice messages.",0,1,Messenger
503,Rachel Coxhead,"December 13, 2022","Used to like this app but for the past couple of months I have been randomly getting a pop up saying ""Messenger is not optimised for this version of Android"" if I try to do anything with the chat bubble present. This causes my phone to ignore all touch signals. The only ""solution"" is to turn off permissions for messenger covering other apps and then turning them back on an hour or so later. I have seen a lot of other people complaining about this issue so I know it's not just me.",151 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
504,RDD,"February 17, 2023","It's getting worst. I'm can't see which massage has been replied..... It just shows ""replied:......"" Again photos takes times to load. It just shows "" ... Sent a photo"" and the photo doesn't load for minutes.... Then video calling experience is just worst forever. And I face so many problems.",0,1,Messenger
505,Efthaker Hossain,"February 17, 2023","The app is getting worse day by day. Each and every update is lowering the level of this app, no notification of massages, calls. crashes everyday, freezes in 875 snadragon 😅😅. No feedback from them after reporting several times.",0,1,Messenger
506,Kyrho Krenz Timbre,"February 15, 2023","Bring back the chat head function, we dont want the bubbles. Update (2/15/23) - I'm using an old version with the chathead function and after almost a year I tried this bubble feature again to know if they fixed it but it's still not okay. Just bring back the chatheads, we dont want this stupid bubbles.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
507,Sophie Thackeray,"February 20, 2023","Notifications don't come through all the time, usually have to open the app and this will prompt them to come through. When they do come through, the app doesn't open when you click on the notification. Pretty useless",0,1,Messenger
508,Nowhere Dottir,"February 14, 2023","Bugs ive noticed - backgrounds dont cover full screen sometimes and grow smaller - calls ring but are not shown which person is calling - sometimes messages dont even appear - cant fully word search previous messages, only ""clips"" of the messages cant scroll past the searched word - all my sent voice notes register as 0:00 Please fix these issues",0,1,Messenger
509,Nate Yanez,"February 9, 2023","Degrading Features. Almost worthless now. There was a time when this was my goto messaging app. Now, simple video links don't work and tou can't open the links outside of the app. Total trash.",0,1,Messenger
510,Quadrangle Friends,"February 18, 2023","I keep seeing the bubble with the symbol that I have messages when I do not. I don't know why this is happening. I have updated, reinstalled, searched every nook and cranny to get it to go away. On another note, it never sends me notifications. I have to go in and search for messages and I have people that I need to contact but I don't have the time to go searching all day for messages and notifications. Very unimpressed, messenger.",0,1,Messenger
511,Mario Guimoc Jr.,"December 25, 2022","Bugs are still appearing on this app. I just performed ""clear data"" then word effect feature went missing. Bump feature and @everyone are still not working as expected. Also, the list of active people on chat section became sorted in alphabetical order instead of most recent people I have chatted with. Also scrolling a conversation during search conversation is kinda limited like I cannot scroll up or down further. I also noticed that notifications are more delayed than usual.",172 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
512,William Hall,"February 15, 2023",Since the last update messages are not showing up. I start a new conversation and it doesn't show up in my messages tell later. Not getting notifications for new messages tell I open the app if I get any at all.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
513,Μ Μ,"February 11, 2023","I can hardly receive or send messages. And the notification work rarely....Usually there is a big delay. I uninstalled, cleared data, cache, force stop the app. Nothing worked. Please fix this issue",0,1,Messenger
514,Katarzyna Wiśniewska,"February 13, 2023","The app was cool until it stopped working completely and gets frozen on the starting screen/black screen. I've deleted cache and files, then uninstalled and reinstalled it and it still doesn't work.",0,2,Messenger
515,Kamelia-Antonia Morong,"December 29, 2022","Too many games and stuff that you really don't need, it was much more better before, now it just takes a lot of space in your phone and it's too maximalist. Edit: now it's working really hard, I don't get notifications a lot of the times or not even the messages. I guess the platform is really busy, when I'm using WhatsApp the messages sent very fast, it's not an internet problem, messenger has a problem, and a lot of times it stops working",19 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
516,Amanda L. Weger LMT,"December 27, 2022","Voice calls are very consistent. Facetime also reliable, I'm liking the themes especially the action w\ song or sound. 1 suggestion : step up your camera filter game. The background shifts perspectives like a drunk driver even if I glimpse something novel I can't get it back into frame where I had it... & Is there a setting so it stops autosaving pics",29 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
517,Nathaniel Harwood,"February 4, 2023","Recently messenger won't open video links from friends. When I click on the link it just says ""can't open link"". It has worked for years, but now only a handful of videos open. Sharing videos from Facebook is about the only thing I use messenger for.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
518,Jomar De Leon,"January 10, 2023","The app got worse. The messages came late, as in late of 2 hours. Someone send a message and it won't appear until 2 hours. Ended up, losing or unable to reply to the messages right away. It could not be my internet as my intention works fine with other messaging app that I have. This issue started way back few months ago. Already uninstalled and reinstalled the app also bought a new mobile device but, issue got worse. It sucks Suckerberg, fixed your damn app",12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
519,Love,"January 1, 2023","I gave this app 4 or maybe even 5 stars years ago. I use this app everyday but since the update a couple of months ago there are no notifications which makes me unaware of incoming messages. Sometimes there's a sound but just a damp knock, not the ""pling"". There are no visable notifications outside the app. It's VERY annoying bc it's been like that for several months now! Do something!!😡",206 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
520,Manel,"February 6, 2023","every new update makes it worse, slower and more buggy. I keep getting notifications of old messages and it's super annoying, the search in chats doesn't work at all and many more bugs that are really annoying!",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
521,Gwyneth Cabatu,"February 18, 2023","Since recent update, the application kept crashing my phone (Poco X3pro), in all honesty, it has been performing quite weirdly for the past few months. I only keep using it because it's the easiest way to contact my peers",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
522,Ismael Escobar,"January 29, 2023","The app use to be a solid 4 stars, but now. I get video calls on my tablet just fine, but the sound quality is bad. I don't get video chat notifications or chat notifications on my phone at all and the caller has to use a alternate app to reach me. Tried switching the settings and still nothing works. Fix the bug please.",40 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
523,Mari Meanie,"February 4, 2023","For some time now ,I dont know what keeps happening but I send messages but the other person doesn't get them,the chat head doesn't pop-up. This happens on different phone brands & different service providers .Please fix these issues ,it wasn't like this before.",0,2,Messenger
524,Miguel Batac,"February 14, 2023","Notifications and bubbles not showing. Have tried clearing cache and data, uninstalling and reinstalling the app, and rebooting the phone but nothing works. Autostart and notifications are enabled in android settings and is not battery-optimized.",0,1,Messenger
525,Luffy Pirate31,"February 3, 2023","Recently, I've been having some issue over unsent messaging. I can't delete or unsent the text i sent. It’s causing really problem. Also when ai play video, it crashes and plays automatically outside of the chatbox.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
526,William Phillips,"February 4, 2023","It's ok to share with friends stuff on Facebook but even that doesn't work half the time. Me, my wife, my MIL share stuff like funny videos on Facebook like reels, posts, etc. When you click on it it goes the the Watch for you tab and whatever videos are there. We use Android and iPhones. The dumbest thing is when it's sent in messenger there is no way for me to get the address or find it another means. We all tried clearing cache/reinstalling. Such a dumb problem.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
527,Tyler built_Chevy_Tough,"February 8, 2023",New update has come out. Girlfriend has same phone and company as I do s22 ultra with Verizon. Her messenger is up to date but mine is a version behind or 2 and won't give me the option to update just says open. Messenger has been acting up for weeks now doing weird things because it needs updated I don't think it's a phone issue I think it's a app issue. This needs fixed. I even tried downloading latest version from Google but it put old one right back on my phone. Rediculous.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
528,Rock 2.0,"January 27, 2023",You can no longer delete previous facetime calls from the History files. Share screen videos does not play videos for both viewers at the same time. It also randomly restarts videos from the very beginning while viewers are in the middle of watching. Stable connections and sound Quality still need much improvement.,293 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
529,Strauz Freesia Simong,"February 16, 2023","TOO MANY BUGS! My friend is a paragraph typer and I don't get to read the entire text because it gets cut off midway. Idk man. and whenever a photo is sent, I see a text bubble instead ""sent a photo."" what",0,3,Messenger
530,Jen “QueenPimpMama” Edmonds,"February 19, 2023","Used to work great, this new update sucks. I can't write anyone on messenger because it always says, ""couldn't send"" everything is up to date and I wasn’t blocked and didn't block them. Also, I stopped getting notifications when I do get a message. Please fix this 🙏🏽",0,1,Messenger
531,Jemuel Venturillo,"February 3, 2023",The bug is annoying icant unsend a message on a person and messenger keep updating the app and the update was useless cause it didnt even fix a bug for example isended a video on my friend and while im trying to wacth it even im thr one that send it it glicthed and the video pause and adjuster is stuck on my screen and all the way to fix it is to restart pleade fix this bug,0,1,Messenger
532,Jerry Erlano,"February 12, 2023",I can't use the app. It's doesn't work. I can't even open as if it is logging. I tried installing and uninstalling the app but still it won't work. Bring back the old once it is much better the the updated one.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
533,Dawn Mason,"January 13, 2023","Why do you guys do this? In a matter of 8 hours you have changed how I see my messages. I can't see ANY of my marketplace messages. Before, you clicked on the upper left side and a drop screen would come down and it had options for inbox, marketplace or message requests. You put the marketplace option within my messages but when I click on it, it doesn't load. My app doesn't need updated either.",34 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
534,Phily Blunt,"February 4, 2023","After the latest update you change the notification sound, I was used to the sound that was the default before. Even when I go into the menu to change the sound, I can not change it to the previous. I can only pick different ones that I don't want at all.",14 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
535,Faye Marie Oscobido,"February 17, 2023","It's just getting worst. So many bugs, it made my phone so lag. I can't even open the messages nor received it. Late receiver too, this is just so annoying. You keep adding useless features but you can't even address this issues",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
536,Haley H,"January 27, 2023","Seems every time they patch something something else breaks. Can't recieve video calls, it immediately says missed call. (I've made sure to allow everything. ) mutes my friends if I create a group call. Crashes non stop. I've even Uninstalled and re installed. I'm running one of the newest phones out so it's not my phones issue.",27 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
537,Melissa Hockett,"January 13, 2023","Since the update this morning when I try to open my Marketplace folder on messenger,I get a black screen. If I press and hold the icon I can see a few conversations but not all of them. It's inconvenient and annoying. I can open regular conversations. But the marketplace folder is not properly working. Very aggravating.",270 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
538,M Ortiz,"December 5, 2022","Forces to update because if you do not update the app, they will make the app's certain functions unavailable to you unless you update it like to the latest version but I regret updating it. Unlike before when I can search for words in the general search function, I can no longer do that which is suer annoying since that was a really useful function for me. Fix this please. Also, please add the function to send files.",15 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
539,Amirah P,"February 14, 2023",New people who message me I cannot see who message me. I have a death wheel load out waiting for my direct message to appear. And yes I have updated my messenger. What's the point of having messenger if it hardly works. I'm on strong fast internet. Basically a brand new phone. No settings were tampered. So if I could put zero stars if I could.,0,1,Messenger
540,Leynard King Coronel,"February 16, 2023",Using the xiaomi 12 and its up to date. But my account seems to have no more conversations for the past 3 years or more. Its like it restarted the conversation from the very beginning and not only one conversation. All of it. Even from using it from the browser.,92 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
541,C Sysock,"December 2, 2022",3 days ago messenger quit working. The app locks up and you are unable to view any messages. Super frustrating and extremely annoying. I've Uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and yet the problem continues... It's been almost 6 months since this app has gone to poop....it's still just as horrible as it was back then...what a shame....get someone who actually knows what they are doing and fix your mess.,37 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
542,Bailey Ploutz,"February 18, 2023","It's not allowing me to send videos and it's extremely frustrating. I've updated, deleted and re-downloaded... Idk what else to try. It's not my wifi or my service so it's definitely an app issue😩",0,4,Messenger
543,Kim Clancy,"December 21, 2022",Messenger seems to have updated in the last day or so. Now I can no longer zoom photos to look at them closer..it goes to full screen and that's it .no capability to make it bigger to see it closer. Worse than that is I now don't have the search in conversation button. I need to refer back a lot to conversations to see what place or subject we were discussing months ago and now that button is completely gone from messenger. Please return it!!,36 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
544,G P,"January 10, 2023","Messenger Malfunction : Recently, Facebook Messenger has and continues to label all unread messages from my Facebook friends as ""seen/read"", when I have not even read any of them. It does not even notify me, when I have new Facebook messages. This has caused to miss some very important events. Please fix this bug, as I do not want to have to find other online resources in order to communicate with other people.",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
545,Fahmid Abrar,"February 17, 2023","Fix your app. Whenever anyone tries to watch a video from chatheads, the whole device crashes and needs to be restarted. This has been a problem for several years. Fix your stupid app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
546,Payton Brown,"January 27, 2023","It's getting hard to even scroll back through messages when needto gind something. The results come back either as a black screen, an orange banner saying "" please wait. Something went wrong"" or it looks like we haven't even started a conversation cause it shows just their profile picture and nothing more. It's become difficult to work this app on Android. I really hope they fix this soon",13 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
547,ANGELO JOSE,"February 3, 2023",This past couple weeks a lot Bug's showed up like you can't unsend any messages ypu you would like to unsend and also the language. It changes itself to different languages please fix this problem and also sometimes it froze gor no reason I don't know what's happening in your system right now but I hope soon you'll fix it,0,1,Messenger
548,Michelle Steer,"February 6, 2023","Video calls do not ring anymore, having to continually uninstall & re-install which is beyond frustrating, calls keep freezing or pixelating. It used to be excellent, but now it is really annoying!!!",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
549,Dolores Perez,"January 14, 2023",I love the App east to use and customize to your preferences but would suggest working on the notification of new messages. I received notification of 2 messages was able to see one but the other a message can't figure out who sent the messages. I have look in the messages folder and no messages and none of my friends have some kinda of why of seeing if they sent me a message just the blue 1 new messages. So maybe in the messages should highlight who sent the message.,429 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
550,Kramer Osk,"February 11, 2023","I've had a lot of different problems, from not being aple to change my nickname thing, user name, or profile photo, to not getting notifications for when somebody is calling until the call ends, or notifications being VERY late, or not appearing till I open the app manually.",0,2,Messenger
551,XCZheX,"January 22, 2023","I prefer older version of messenger. Current version is just a mess. I can't take picture everytime the screen turns black. I cant click the message that replied that navigate the history chat. The search bar also won't work well, I can't scroll further history after searched message. Everytime is just the mess. please bring back older version.",9 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
552,Jakub Democko,"February 7, 2023","I really don't know why messenger developers prefer introducing new bugs instead of fixing them. You don't have any QA department or what? Some of the bugs: #1 search messages - scrolling up and down won't load messages #2 scrolling from most recent - after a while no more msgs load #3 when sharing, recent contacts don't update (when offered list of contacts) #4 invisible msgs sometimes (u see only space between msgs) #5 images not loading... etc.",0,2,Messenger
553,Therese Mariana Monte de Ramos,"February 10, 2023","Its not bad for the past 3 months but, i dont even know if this is a bug or not. The screen doesnt load nor does ot not load. Its litteraly just stays in the messenger logo i tried deleting. Restarting and even restarted my own phone just to fix it its not working please fix this bug or something.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
554,shawnna hobbs,"February 15, 2023",Ever since it was updated I can not tell which messages are new and which are old.I have to scroll through each one to see if I read them. It is no longer darker in nature to show they haven't be read.,0,2,Messenger
555,anh ngoc,"February 10, 2023","Dear messeger I want you to have time to read this article, currently all Xiaomi phone users including me can't access the messeger app even though I have tried all ways to delete, redownload, download via google all It doesn't work, we want messager to fix this problem for all of us Xiaomi phone users. Sincere thanks to Messager for reading and hope the manufacturers fix this error.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
556,Anne Hessler,"January 26, 2023","Messenger was my phone for years. It had every message between me and my partner since we met. But lately there's so many issues. Messages disappearing, call function isn't working. And now I'm getting notifications for messages I read and responded to hours or even days ago popping up like they were sent 2 seconds ago. What is going on with this app? I've tried updates, restarting my phone. Uninstalling and reinstalling the app... if things get better I'd be willing to update my review",30 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
557,Bo Faughnan,"February 11, 2023","The app doesn't load group chats or any private messages for me when I minimize it and open another app... This is extremely annoying and inconvenient, and needs to be fixed as soon as possible.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
558,Nowrin Nabbi,"February 4, 2023",It's getting worse day by day..can't find the restricted accounts..if search a restricted account it's showing up it's not hidden anymore thr options are changing every minute it's annoying . The help bar isn't helping it's showing the result of before the change not after..it's trouble,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
559,Faeyelk,"January 14, 2023","So many bugs. 1. Profile pictures don't load. 2. Sometimes messages don't load unless restarting application 3. Reels are very annoying to watch if someone sends you multiple ones in a row, because it makes you leave the app everytime. All in all messenger and facebook give me more irritation than anything else and I only use it because my friends do. If not it would be uninstalled.",137 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
560,Angelique Vorster,"December 23, 2022",Used to be when you opened unread messages in a group chat it would tell you how many unread there was. And it would give you the option of quick jumping to the top of your unread queue. It doesn't do that anymore. And as someone that is in a lot of group chats with people in other time zones it makes it so I don't want to use it anymore because I spend more time scrolling to my last spot then actually reading and talking.,32 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
561,Lalaine Enoch,"February 15, 2023","Delayed messages tho connected to wifi, some messages are not showing up, can't back read since it just keeps on loading up. I don't know what the updates are for if this is just happening.",0,1,Messenger
562,Stephanie Mitchell,"January 15, 2023","This app is getting worse and worse for working. It doesn't let you know you have a message until up to 30 mins later, it says people have read the message when they haven't even been on Facebook and doesn't let them know they have a message, marketplace messages change locations frequently, disappear or dont come through until days later. Hopeless",27 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
563,Tofuu Dubuu,"February 17, 2023","Gets worse every update. No chats showing, vids and pics sent doesn't appear, no notifications, sudden lost of connection even tho I have 200mbps of internet speed. Notifications appear on my watch but not in my phone. Fix this.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
564,Richard Dickson,"December 10, 2022","This used to sync with the web page and the Windows desktop app so if you read a message there, it would be marked as read on your phone and clear the notification. Now it doesn't do that, so if I'm on my computer and have multiple conversations, I'll have three or four notifications waiting on my phone.",24 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
565,Sally A,"January 30, 2023",This app is no longer giving notifications so I'm constantly missing messages. I no longer get the noise notification nor the pull-down screen notification where you can read half the message. It's been like it for 3-4 weeks now. They came back for a week and have gone again. Please sort it out.,23 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
566,ChE,"December 14, 2022","Audio switch mode is weird for phone calls. Sometimes, I cannot switch between the standard earpiece and the phone speaker. When I click on the speaker icon, the sound comes from the speaker for 2 seconds then switch back to the earpiece. Same issue when I use my Bluetooth AirPods. Messenger cannot connect to it unless I disconnect the Bluetooth and unpair and repair the Airpods then it works.",32 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
567,Vladimir Tianes,"February 12, 2023","Messages that i received are sometimes delayed and when trying to message it just Stuck in Sent and you can't even tell whether someone saw you messages or not, this is a huge problem since i always tend to be busy and can't receive any messages in delay even tho my internet connection is Stable and has a strong connection it still delays messages and it's so Annoying",0,1,Messenger
568,Angela Renee,"February 19, 2023",My messager doesn't let me know when I get a new message from anyone. It also doesn't show up on the bubbles. It also takes actually opening the app the read any message because it doesn't load on the bubbles whe it does show.,0,2,Messenger
569,Angie Keller,"January 14, 2023","It always shows i have 2 messages, when I don't. I toggle between my business and personal account and there aren't any new messages but it still shows 2. Now the app won't work at all. it won't open. Itbacts like it may open, but he screen is blank and won't load. I tried to close and reopen several times and still nothing",232 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
570,Sujit Debsarma,"February 13, 2023",It's not working properly in this February 2023. It doesn't open though there're notifications of incoming messages in FB. My device is OPPO F1S. 4 * are given on the basis of early performance of the Messenger. After reinstalling also it's not functioning (not opening)!!🙄,1 person found this review helpful,4,Messenger
571,Samantha Clapper,"February 12, 2023","I am no longer able to get my notifications when I have messages. I have made sure my app is up to date, all settings are on, and phone has been restarted. Nothing is working. Very annoying",0,2,Messenger
572,Wyllow WalksQuietly,"December 18, 2022","Up until about 2 weeks ago, I could easily identify unread messages because the messages were in bold type. No more. Makes this app totally useless for me to read unread messages. Notified help line -- no response and no change. Updated app, no change. All I can use this app for is sending messages.",12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
573,Melissa E,"December 24, 2022","I have been unable to answer video/voice calls. It doesn't even pop up with who is calling until after the person has hung up. I have been dealing with this for over a month now. Not sure what happened but I have uninstalled, reinstalled making sure I have the most up to date app. Allowed notifications/permissions. Nothing is working. Please fix this.",190 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
574,Danessa Bears,"February 17, 2023","This messenger is broken, pls fix this. Whenever i play the audio or video's, it kept making me go back to my home screen. It's annoying for me. Please focus on fixing the bugs and don't focus on always updating this app.",0,1,Messenger
575,Md Sumon,"February 13, 2023","The last update caused problems with Messenger. When trying to start it, the display is white, sometimes it hangs on the logo, after a long time there is no change. I can't use messenger. We want to resolve this issue as soon as possible.",0,1,Messenger
576,Alicia Wolfenbarger,"January 20, 2023","If I make or receive a call, after we've hung up the phone icon is still in the top corner of my phone, pulling my screen down to see the call it literally continues to display the call and the time I'm in the call in real time. It's really crazy because I found only two ways to disconnect the call and remove the icon, (1) restarting my phone (2) uninstalling the messenger app and reinstalling. Doing either of these is beyond the word annoying.",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
577,Ryan Grefalda,"February 11, 2023","After the update, I can't open the app. It keeps crashing whenever I tap on it. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling it a couple of times but nothing rlly happened. Please fix it.",0,1,Messenger
578,Jyotirmoy Paul,"February 8, 2023","After the last update it became totally unusable, I can't enter to this app, no calls or notifications are coming. Uninstalled and reinstalled the app, restarted the phone, but nothing working. It is just showing Blank/White.",24 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
579,Deanna Gaylor,"December 30, 2022","It is telling me I have a message when I don't, and no messages when i do. The past few weeks messenger has been weird. I will get a notification sometimes about a message then when i check it, it still says i have a message when i have already checked them all. None in requests either. It will only give me a popup for the last message received rather than all like it used to. Or itll say (name) sent you a message. No preview or anything. My settings are all right, so i dont know whats going on.",11 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
580,Ian Stamp,"February 18, 2023","For the past 4 weeks, if I send a msg it's says delivered but the recipient won't actually receive the msg until 2 hours later. I've tried to delete the cache, reinstall the app, close it and restart my phone. It's always the same. 😞",0,1,Messenger
581,Nicholas Weir,"February 13, 2023",Over the last month voice messages within messenger have not been playing. It's just spinning when you hit play. It's not a connection issue as I've tried it with WiFi and cellular with the same result.,0,1,Messenger
582,Justin Chung,"February 15, 2023","Works fine but often, once you click into the channel the whole chat history is marked as read even if you haven't seen the top of the unread chat history. I only use it because a few friends use it.",0,4,Messenger
583,"Lopez, Danica Juel C.","February 19, 2023",It's BROKENNNN!! the messages takes an hr or minutes for u to get notified that u received some message from someone.... And i'm still receiving messages that is a long time ago repeatedly... it's annoying messenger!! Ples fix this right away!! Also the bubbles are not showing up after the update😭😭😭😭,0,1,Messenger
584,Sammie Dameron,"February 16, 2023",Messages are disappearing...restarting it won't help... uninstalled and reinstalled...still will not load the app. Just a blank screen or it will flicker like it's trying to load but then...just a blank screen. This is so frustrating...🤬,0,1,Messenger
585,Catrina Athey,"February 15, 2023",I miss the scroll function (swipe left/right) to view the pics in our chats. It's also very annoying that it constantly says I have 1 unread message when I'm in my FB app yet there's no new messages anywhere when I check.,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
586,Karen King,"February 13, 2023","Messenger for me has just stopped working properly. Messages are just no longer appearing, then 24hrs later if I am lucky they might appear. Voice notes are no longer displaying the length they are, it has become unusable for me.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
587,Ramy,"February 4, 2023",The app is absolutely going down the hill the more updates the more glitches and unexplainable issues pop up I don't get notifications in time anymore like someone would send me a message it would take like a hour or two to get the notification but when you stay in the chat and text for hours mid Convo you get a notification of a messenger from three hours ago the chat head doesn't stay anymore and it just disappears when ever you open another app like YouTube or app games,0,1,Messenger
588,Jason Gotti,"February 18, 2023",This app definitely needs to be fixed I cannot open any messages I cannot send messages I am not banned I have not violated any rules or regulations or community guidelines... I am not able to send messages or even make phone calls... I've even went as far as uninstalling and reinstalling the messenger app... And still the same results this is why you get one star if it was possible I wouldn't even give you that,0,1,Messenger
589,Charley Hancock,"February 15, 2023","Links to videos in Facebook no longer working correctly. I click a link to a video sent by a friend, and it takes me to a completely different video. Aren't Messenger and Facebook run by the same company?",0,1,Messenger
590,Deaven,"February 10, 2023","There is a bug on the android messenger where after watching a few videos and exting, you will be stuck on the page. If you back out and come back it still doesn't work, you have to close the app and come back.",0,4,Messenger
591,Mohamed Salamaa,"February 14, 2023","There is a problem with the application messages, new messages do not appear and there is no notification When you receive new messages from friends, the application cannot show them on the screen, and there is no notification in them unless you open the application, there the new messages appear The management of the company should solve this problem because we are facing a problem with the program",0,1,Messenger
592,Alexander Znaharchuk,"December 12, 2022","The new look just made messenger useless. 1 end call button moved to the upper corner. Impossible for one hand use, unless you're octopus. 2 turning Bluetooth speaker moved somewhere to menu 3 icons for earpiece and speaker have almost the same look. 4 big button with the strange videos in the middle of the panel during the call which I can't really understand. It's a messenger, not insta or tiktok feed.",17 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
593,Renz Kristian Abad,"January 9, 2023","Really good app... For messaging. But the amount of times I had to reinstall it is ABNORMAL! Why? Whenever I switch account since I have two accounts, it says 'No internet connection' which is false! I have a pretty decent connection, and my Facebook loads pics. Sending videos are also very buggy. App became a must to garbage for me. It's literally sad that this app got here.",8 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
594,Mikhaela Faith Pajara,"February 3, 2023",I'm not notified immediately everytime someone sends me a message even though my notifications are on. The app is glitchy when I tap on a conversation. Messages do not get removed when I unsend a message. The app is annoyingly glitchy.,0,1,Messenger
595,C C23,"December 23, 2022","Newest update won't sound an alert tone when I have a new message and even though it may show a new message, when I access my messages, the newest ones are no longer in bold, so I have no idea who has sent me a message without checking all of my conversations. I need the old update back. This is junk.",20 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
596,Reshav Kumar,"February 13, 2023","I am unable to open messenger since last 3 days. Several times I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, still facing the same issue. I reported many time but it still it did not get fixed. It's very irritating as I am missing important messages and call. Kindly try toh fix it as soon as possible. @Facebook_Support @Meta_Support @ Messenger_Support",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
597,Zlatan Dimitrov,"January 11, 2023","Good concept. Terrible incall headset functionality. Tested with Samsung s20 and Galaxy buds+, as well as Sony whxb900n. When in a call the end call input from the headsets doesn't work. It just breaks the headset connection to the mobile device. Furthermore, upon ending the call from the mobile device the headsets remain in incall mode and are unusable for listening to music. App is full of adds which contrasts the absence of adds in the iphone version.",27 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
598,Butterfly Quigley,"December 18, 2022","Too many bugs and issues. Always something new. They took away the messenger games like the basketball. It tells you someone has read your message as soon as you sent it even tho it doesn't say it at the time, they haven't actually read it for hours but it shows they it was read as soon as delivered. Most importantly (and annoyingly) I am basically forced to read my text messages from my cell in chat bubbles on messenger even tho I declined that option. Used to love this app but they got lazy",70 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
599,Kain Roser,"February 11, 2023",Bugs and issues more prevalent than they used to be. Have resorted to uninstalling and then reinstalling Messenger once it starts messing up too much. Seems to runn better after that for a while.,0,2,Messenger
600,Cheri Coleman,"January 30, 2023",A long time ago when someone contacted you on messenger if you weren't interested in ever talking to them again you could remove them from you contact list. With an Android phone it says you can no longer do that. Why???? There's a restricted accounts setting that is supposed to take them out of your contact list but it doesn't. Also hiding someone from your contacts doesn't actually works are still there. If I was once able to remove someone I should be able to again. PLEASE fix.,9 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
601,F. J.,"February 19, 2023","Update: some chat disappear from the list? its harder to reply to conversation! 😮‍💨no email notifications text anymore, Video orientation is wrong on landscape 😓 Nice camera filters 👍 Cant turn off the stories function, take quite some space.. 😅",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
602,No Name,"February 18, 2023","From few week messenger app ""Story"" section is not showing. I have to clear the storage data then the story section show only for once & and after re-open having this same issues. I have updated this app, reinstalled also. Please fix this problem.",0,1,Messenger
603,Lennyx Kuehnel-Redden,"February 15, 2023","I keep getting double notifications, hours after a message has originally been sent. Edit 2/15/23 Still getting double notifications, now also not getting every notification until hours later, randomly closes. PLEASE FIX THE BUGS!",0,1,Messenger
604,Christopher Morris,"February 14, 2023","My messages are not coming through or I dont get a notification when it does. Audio or video call also doesn't ring sometimes. My phone settings are all correct, the app just isnt working correctly",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
605,Paulo Pacarat,"February 8, 2023","This app has way more bug its so hard to open, the chat heads even tapping it so many times it does not work properly dont add so many features its not good for the app its so hard to use, i would like the old version of this app way more than the latest version.. fix this so i can communicate properly to my friends",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
606,gucci sozzie,"February 4, 2023","Story button both setting and ±story botton are missing🙄its all in facebook now. Missing on messenger.cannot view story on messenger app unless you go back to facebook app you can only see stories there. and the stressfull logging out of messenger,can only log out when clearing catch and delete on phone apps setting.and when you keep on log the fb apps and forgot to log out youre messenger are always ready on use. So were is the privacy now.",0,1,Messenger
607,RoseQuartz,"January 14, 2023","It's a decent app, however 90% of the time I won't get notifications. It's been like this for months. I have to go into the app to see if I get a notification which I don't do all the time so sometimes I leave important messages unread. This should've been fixed by now. I uninstalled and reinstalled, restart my phone, all of it and it just won't fix it",26 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
608,Jennie,"January 27, 2023",For the past weeks I can no longer use messenger like before. I cannot view my messages without connecting to a WiFi or to my data. I can receive notifications but I cannot view them if I'm not connected to a wifi or I'm using my data w/ load! It just keeps on loading. Please fix this coz this ain't funny anymore. I don't like using fb lite for my messages! Duh!?,10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
609,levi's Sador,"December 27, 2022","I don't know if the problem is my phone or the app. Recently, the chat heads turned to square instead of a circle, the other features, like selecting whom to chat with is gone , and the design is an annoyance. I hope this will be fix ASAP because it's time consuming and bothersome.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
610,Greta Ellul Xuereb,"January 31, 2023","Horrible since the latest update! I keep getting old notifications of messages I've already read and answered to! This keeps happening for all the chats all day long! It's so infuriating!! Not to mention that it no longer tells you that you've missed a number of messages in a chat and you'd have to scroll up so the last read message manually. Also, chat heads only work for some of the chats, or rather the ""recent"" chats but you can't choose which to close.",53 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
611,Sam Matthews,"January 12, 2023","Latest update is terrible. No access to shared media files, cannot search the chat, doesn't show polls. It's all around terrible. Luckily the Facebook app hasn't changed over to this version yet. It's the only way I can communicate with friends",39 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
612,Lester Visda Pinlac,"February 18, 2023","We are still looking for more features like new chat background designs, sending files directly, restricting/ignoring group chats, pinned reminders at the top of conversations, editing messages, and many more. --- But looks like no one listening to this.",0,2,Messenger
613,khaye logronio,"February 10, 2023",There's a problem with connecting calls and messages and calls are delayed. The time of when the messages are read and seen by the person is very inaccurate. Too many bugs.,4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
614,Ali,"December 9, 2022","Used to be a great app. After last update, major issues with using it sometimes where I cannot open conversations or use the search tool within conversations. I've tried reinstalling the app, clearing the cache, everything. It's not an issue on my end as my phone works fine with everything else and the app worked great until the latest update. Please fix soon",76 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
615,BK Howard,"February 15, 2023","6/22/22: I enjoy being able to chat with my family and friends privately❗ But I don't like that once you post something, you are not able to edit the comment, either you have to unsend or correct what you said, misspelled, ETC... Update 12/26/22: Lately I get message waiting to connect when I open app❓I have to restart my phone🤷 And posts I do don't show up❓ There are other quirks, but I muddle through them... Since I joined Verizon, I can send a message, send it, and it's blank on my screen??",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
616,Manuel Francisco Bautista,"January 8, 2023",Ever since it changed to chat bubbles I've hated it. Cropping sucks. Sometimes it doesn't notify when I get a new chat. I can't open the chat menu like I used to without opening the actual app which is sooo frustrating esp when I'm using another app. Latest messages don't load immediately and I have to close and open the chat bubble again just to make sure I'm reading the latest message. And loading messages takes forever now!,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
617,GeekWad927,"February 12, 2023","Broken: ""Seen"" timestamps are wrong, always says seen as the exact time it was sent • 70% of the time, notis only work once you open the app ••• REQUESTS: Allow voice clip download - Bring back the color teal /seafoam. I know it's ""just a color"" but it had special meaning. I dont need 4 pink options.- Not be forced to share colors & main emoji. - Make arrow at bottom transparent.",190 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
618,Kayla Bevis,"January 28, 2023","I find this app to be incredibly useful; however, over the last couple of weeks I receive delayed notifications for communications. This is occurring HOURS after the messages are received and after I have already read those messages. This is frustrating to receive notifications after the fact, causing me to waste time rechecking conversations.",10 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
619,Tamara,"February 3, 2023","I never used to have a bad experience using messenger however recently in the past couple months, I get messages but the messages are always saying I've read them even though I haven't. It's so annoying. I can't see which messages I've seen and which ones I haven't.",0,3,Messenger
620,Thùy Anh Hà,"December 5, 2022","The new version can be seen as a ""downgrade"" not an upgrade. The UI of sent/delivered status changed from an icon which can show clearly the message has deivered to the received or not, into the ""Sent"" text, look kinda cheap. By the way, this app also meet problem with images' format while downloading a photo, it changes into a gif anf cannont use to send in messenger.",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
621,Jay Dodson,"January 16, 2023",Love it.i use it every other day. Mostly friends use it every day. Without it I wouldn't be able to connect with almost anyone. I have went without service on my phone several times. And because of messages I can call and text on just wifi. Thanks you fac book messages. You've helped my life to be a little easier. Sometimes...,171 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
622,k.i.m.,"February 3, 2023","fix and optimize the app not add new useless features. the app is so BUGGY, like messages load in so slow, notifications are late sometimes, and backreading is really annoying it just says ""something went wrong"".",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
623,The Greens,"February 7, 2023","Unreliable for the most part. Now all of a sudden, some links no longer work from content shared to me from friends. No errors, just clicking the shared link literally does nothing.",0,1,Messenger
624,Rye Cordero,"January 30, 2023","The pinned message option is useless. The pinned message should always be visible if you have a conversation until you didn't remove it. However, upon a long conversation it would buried in your conversation and it will be unseen. It's a pinned message and it should be visible because it's like a reminder to you to the who you are talking. It is too inconvenient if I were to go to the triple dot option just to pull up my pinned message. It is much better to scroll up and back read. The pinned me",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
625,Michał Kopiński,"February 12, 2023",The worst app for communication. Connectivity issues every single day. Down detector proof this. Messages are not being delivered pretty often and ofc battery draining issue. It's time to quit facebook soon.,14 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
626,Glen Austein Porras,"February 19, 2023","The dev keep making useless features but can't update or fix bugs. Messenger is so broken now. You cant see where did they replied, whenever you play a video and someone chatted it gets bugged and keeps playing in background with no video on it and you cant manipulate your screen. And the Video Call Quality is so poor.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
627,Daxxtropezz,"February 7, 2023",• The 'LEARN HOW RESTRICT WORKS' on 'RESTRICTED ACCOUNTS' is not centered on its alignment. • The 'Save login' info doesn't really work. what's the purpose of that button if it couldn't even save the login info of an account? • The time that the user have seen the message isn't also accurate. It shows that they've seen the message by the time that the actual message was sent.,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
628,Kayleigh Brazier,"February 3, 2023",NOT LOADING UP. WEEKS NOW Convenient and easy to use. Cheers FB. A bit weird that all of my messages from 2019 randomly popped up to the top of my messages and some were messages I'd rather have forgotten about to be honest! sorted itself out by the next morning but was pretty weird! #aglitchinthematrix #FBglitches!,63 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
629,12-Hà Châu Hân,"February 12, 2023","After the update, this app works worse. It doesn't show me notifications anymore even when I don't turn off anything. Also doesn't show the tick when the messages are sent. Terrible app",0,1,Messenger
630,Lørd_Ghøst_Tøast,"December 14, 2022",As far as I've read I'm not the only one having these issues. Searching in conversations never works anymore and calls are so messed up. Messages never send properly and previous already sent messages are still on the text box. I never get notifications anymore and overall they just need to fix it.,7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
631,Nicole Gage,"February 17, 2023","Appalling, just useless. For the past week it no longer shows me new messages. I've tried clearing cache (that worked once) but now I have to uninstall & reinstall DAILY if I want to see any new messages. If I didn't need this rubbish app to keep track of a family member overseas I would permanently delete it (and I will be deleting it once the family member is back home)",0,1,Messenger
632,Ericka Enconado,"February 19, 2023","I forgot when it started, may be just recently, the messages are delay like the fb lite will flash with my notification slide the moment someone chatted me or replied with my messages. While messenger takes a couple of minutes and sometimes an hour/s before it notify that I have a message and before a chat head popped up. It's frustrating😕",0,1,Messenger
633,Jay-r Juaneza,"February 17, 2023",Very beautiful app! It's so easy to use and understand. This is probably the most useful app i used next to Facebook (Facebook is an app that will help you in socializing by talking to your friends) Anyways this app is very useful in communicating my friends and family. Now that we are in pandemic we cant meet and talk to our love ones but with this app you can easily communicate to whomever you want even someone you just meet on FACEBOOK! yes both are connected to each other just add then talk!,13 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
634,"IT34 Santiago, Maria Denise S.","February 15, 2023",It is hard to go back through the messages it somehow shows only one page that I can only see on the screen and when I tried to checked out some older messages using the search conversation thing i cannot even scroll over through the message during that time,0,1,Messenger
635,Kazuo Plays,"February 20, 2023","Im very dissatisfied about the update on this, it's take a few minutes, before he/she received my messages, the sending delivery icon was annoying, It keeps me irritating when sending message to my friends. even she/he active cannot receive fast my chat. plsssss fix about this app, I'll give it 1 star right now on this app.",0,1,Messenger
636,Mohammad Abu Sayem,"February 16, 2023",The new update seems to have lots of bugs. It takes too much time loading and sometimes the loading doesn't stop and doesn't refreshes the messaging or story section. So please fix this issues.,16 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
637,Marina Mutia,"December 3, 2022","I just downloaded the update version of this app, yet it already have problems... I tap the app to open it, but it seems to be loading for a 100 years... It just keeps loading and loading... I can't even open the app through the Facebook app .. it just won't open... I keep installing it then uninstall again thinking that it would fix the problem but it didn't... It's so annoying... Especially if I need it in school .. this is where I can only open and download files sent from my classmate...",14 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
638,Dena Erin Roaring,"February 17, 2023","Lags way too much and video calls don't have the option to mute or close cam before joining a video call, notifications are delayed and sometimes you can't open chats, messages will also be received late even if you are on the app, honestly only use it because majority of the people I know do",0,2,Messenger
639,Darlyn kaye Agustin Medina.iskolar,"January 18, 2023","It had a lot of bug/issues , so that you can't communicate properly . Video call issues can't search videos and music (watching together) Audio Call Mute audio even im not sometimes your screen always off and on that's why you need to hang it up picture and video can be color brown even my connection is good And also late to pop so that you can't reply and seen fast",84 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
640,KassGhoul Rose,"February 12, 2023","It's gotten so bad lately, I have two accounts and I can't see notifications for one (also can't receive calls half the time they dont even go through i just get the missed call thing) and on my other messenger I can't even see ANY new messages... it's to the point where I can barely even use messenger anymore... EDIT: literally a day or 2 later... can't even get into the app at all now..",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
641,Greta,"January 3, 2023",Been using it half of my life but recently It's so bad I cannot stay silent. Chat bubbles doesn't load messages until I try to tap on it a few times. I cannot load earlier messages even if the messages are written on the same day sometimes. If I want to find some chats with a codename I can only load a really short part of a conversation. When I reply to the message sometimes I cannot see which message I replied to or which messages other people replied to (especially with voice messages).,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
642,bill henry ram,"November 30, 2022","I can't open any messages on the app. It doesn't respond to my touches. I tried all the ways I know, I reinstalled it, clear the data, but the issuess still occur. Even reporting the bug can be completed. For the longest time that I am using this app, this is the first time I have encouraged this issue..kindly help me on this Meta. Thanks",16 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
643,Muneeb Rehman,"February 5, 2023","App doesn't notify when getting a video call, sometimes the other viewer can't see my video, sometimes I can't see theirs, despite the video being okay on both our sides, it's been happening more and more often lately",10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
644,Mark Parra,"January 30, 2023","despite clearing new messages. hours later old messages resend push notification over and over. only way to prevent this is to turn off notifications. then you never know when you get new messages. you get to choose how to be annoyed at least. updating app, clearing cash, or even restarting phone has no effect.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
645,Kirill Alemaskin,"December 4, 2022","Absolutely useless piece of garbage. The only reason to install is to be able to see messages from Facebook. But they don't work either. Facebook falsely shows unseen messages; push notifications don't work, etc. Updated, reinstalled multiple times, cleared cache, all notifications are on in settings, etc. Yet nothing. I give up. PS. I don't understand the reason for this app to exist at all. Whatsapp is a great app that is also owned by Meta. Why not to use it instead of this buggy nonsense?",25 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
646,Richi Goodbloke,"January 31, 2023","The recent update is a nightmare. Had been functioning normally for years, now it takes forever to open the app, often don't get or see new conversations and having challenges switching between personal and business accounts. I've lost a couple of quote requests because of this, really annoyed. Get it sorted Meta!",20 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
647,Dr Avni,"January 10, 2023","1. Videos didn't get send easily 2. Can't skip videos while playing from chat in collection of videos 3. I can't see story 4. Different layout design for different accounts 5. No option to deactivate account from messenger 6. Can't remove account until it's logged-in in Facebook app. 7. So slow, no matter how fast internet is 8. ""Something went wrong"" when searching a word in chat and try to scroll. 9. Can't easily find word that is being searched.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
648,Tanisha Hoffman,"January 8, 2023",Awful now!!! It must have been an update. Idk. What I do know is that I don't get notifications. I can't see my messages half the time. There's a constant loading circle many times that I try to open it. It's ridiculous and exhausting. I run a business and this is my main means of communication with my customers. PLEASE fix the problem.,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
649,Thae Htate Htar San,"February 13, 2023","The main thing is that if someone send a message before, the Floating notification will appear. But now it doesn't appear.Even if everything else is open, only one messenger is floating notification bar does not come down",0,1,Messenger
650,Samiah Jane Salle,"February 13, 2023","Got the same experience with other users when it comes to late notification of messages, too many bugs, etc. I'll just use messenger lite or the messenger in facebook lite. It's more convenient. Thinking of uninstalling this app.",0,1,Messenger
651,Holly Stoner,"February 17, 2023",Notifications not working. Was forced to install this version when messenger lite stopped working correctly and this version is also not working as expected. Notifications are on but I'm not getting notified of messages.,0,1,Messenger
652,Bob Marois,"February 7, 2023","Voice misspells words, uses wrong words, starts off with ""Is"" all the time and changes typed words. It's become more trouble than it is worth trying to use voice.",0,1,Messenger
653,Denzel Setim,"January 29, 2023","The previous versions was good but this one seems to be a bit buggy. It keeps on lagging everytime, whenever I tap on a message to go back to the past messages, it lags and I can't even send a message, hope u can fix it cuz it's an essential way of communicating here in my country.",9 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
654,RE RAI,"February 3, 2023","FOR THE LOVE OF US, I am here to issue a complaint regarding the deletion of messages in messenger. I know we get a lot of misclicks sometimes, and mistyped texts and I am a victim of that too. So I was happy when a delete for everyone was added, a really convenient add-on. But I cannot believe that today I can't seem to unsend messages anymore for everyone. Refreshed app, refreshed wifi connection and refereshed my gadget. Nothing works and I am greatly disappointed that this happened.",0,3,Messenger
655,Ian Gilks,"December 27, 2022","Messages are being delayed by hours. I have been through 'Settings' and made sure all permissions and notifications are correct. I only receive messages when I open the app, then they come flooding in. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it made no difference. Messenger was a great app, for many years. The problem started when FB changed to Mata. Why? Rather use WhatsApp now.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
656,Assad Osman,"February 8, 2023",Some of you need to chill with these daily updates. I just updated this app yesterday and today I see it on the list of apps that need to be updated and the annoying thing is that you don't even fix technical problems even when we report bugs via the app. Just new update every day and no changes,20 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
657,Partha Dip,"February 20, 2023","12/2/22 Not getting notifications for any message. I tried reinstalling, resetting, allowing notifications, enabling no battery restrictions. Nothing worked. My guess is it was caused by the last update.",0,4,Messenger
658,Joshua Dialing,"January 9, 2023","Many new features doesn't work on my phone. Even though when I checked playstore, it says messenger is compatible with my device, I still cannot use the new features bump or pin and unpin. Now it's getting annoying that I cannot use those features, but what's more annoying is that I cannot use it when I necessarily need it. Fix this please. Whatever bug or whatnot it may be. I already tried deleting it, installing it, and updating it many times but I still cannot use those features.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
659,Jayne Emms,"February 13, 2023",No notifications coming through. Seemed to happen with last update. I have to open the app to see if I have messages then they all come through. No ring tone for video calls either.,4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
660,Nishat Tasnim,"February 14, 2023",Can't seem to open the app for past week... uninstalled and reinstalled it but didn't work for me . Every tine i try to open the app it freezes my phone and i have to reboot my phone..Tried reporting meta but they didn't seem to solve it.. really frustrating !,0,1,Messenger
661,"Del Rosario, John Carlo A.","January 31, 2023","Messenger is a great app, but there are still numerous bugs. Whenever a video is played and someone seens in group chats, it becomes unresponsive. Just also little recommendation, I hope we can group conversations, it would be so helpful instead of scrolling and searching it up. Like Business Group chats can be segregated into one folder, same goes with school or any other organizations. A way where users can customize their chatting experience.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
662,Lissa Brocke,"February 13, 2023",I'm not receiving notifications when someone messages me anymore. I see that they messaged me when I open the app. I've tried everything to get notifications back but it doesn't seem to work.,0,1,Messenger
663,Zaiab Ali Mohammed Salim,"January 7, 2023","There are lots of irregularities with this app, first the message bubble doesn't show, I don't receive notification when someone text, when I connect to WiFi, I keep getting old notifications of previous chat that was already done and over, I can't search in history, it keeps saying ""Something went wrong, please try again later"" the search feature for old conversation virtually doesn't work, I can't scroll up, the app keeps lagging and I can't see new message unless I close and re-open the app",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
664,Staci Love,"February 2, 2023",Over the years messenger has done wonders for me except the minor hiccup here and there as to be expected with any app my only complaint is that I wish that while wanting to make my story while using this app had all the same options for your stories like doing so with the Facebook app.... For example if I wanted to use that music in my story I have to go to the Facebook app and make my story from there once I'd finally figured this out I just don't understand why it has to be as so Thank you,1 person found this review helpful,4,Messenger
665,Kimiko Kirishima,"January 31, 2023","Started having issues this week with not being notified when messages come through until i open the app and now i can't even see any messages as it just says ""waiting for network"" and the screen is blank. If i go into ""friends"" it tells me to invite some and i don't see anything else. I tried closing it and reopening but it still isnt working",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
666,Jerick Atienza,"February 17, 2023","I've experiencing this for a week I think? The app is broken wiw. Now I'm experiencing it again. It's been minutes but the photo that my sender has send is still ""sent a photo"" and the replied messages, I can't see what message my sender replied.",0,1,Messenger
667,Lida Manioti,"February 13, 2023",It used to be my favourite app. And suddenly the last few weeks I couldn't access the shared media we have with my friends and family. And we are talking about A LOT of shared photos. This is the reason I will have to leave my favourite app for good and use another one.,53 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
668,Warren Chernoff,"February 5, 2023","Same issues here. No ringing when video conferencing for incoming calls and I can tell when I'm calling out, the recipient's device is not ringing either. Started about 2 weeks ago.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
669,Constandinos Pappas,"February 9, 2023","I forwarded an ad to numerous friends. It was received by a few, don't know what happened with the rest, unless I start calling around, which sounds like a joke ""hi my friend xxxxx, did you receive the ad I sent around?"" C'mon guys, gimme a break. I feel I'm being punished by your system, as I cannot now send one single message to an old classmate, never mind what I've tried. Would uninstalling and reinstalling Messenger help?",0,4,Messenger
670,Ashley Lucero,"February 13, 2023","The month this app has been nothing but hell. I'm not getting notifications, it won't send half my messages, and I'm sick and tired of it. I'm going to delete it because it's absolutely no good if it doesn't work. And whatever y'all did to this app it no longer works.",0,1,Messenger
671,Roy Walker,"February 13, 2023",Doesn't seem to work at all now. Used to be a good app but it has now gone from not notifying when receiving a message to not responding at all and crashing before it can open.,0,1,Messenger
672,Kelli linkous,"January 29, 2023","I have no been receiving any video or audio calls since the last update. I can call out but they aren't coming through, then will just show missed call. So people are having to text me and say hey I called did you get it. Again I can call out but no one calls are coming through. They are telling me it never even rings just sounds like it's trying to connect.",11 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
673,Tiffany Munro,"January 19, 2023","Used to work great. But now it doesn't come up with notification bubbles and it's full of bugs. Not happy about this, especially because it tried to take over as my default texting app too. I keep missing messages from people now. Will update if an update fixes it",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
674,Khate Merhan,"January 29, 2023","Honestly it's a good app for communication but what's really annoying is when you try to switch accounts and it would just show a loading black box, also when you try to see a video with full screen it bugs out then I just get an unusable screen this app has a lot of issues and I'm pretty sure it's not my phone or my connection that's the problem",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
675,Nicole Cassandra Amplayo,"February 17, 2023","I noticed lately that the app is bugging. I couldn't search properly when I want to watch together while in a messenger call. I received chats late, and despite having a good internet connection, it takes a while for pictures and replies to load.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
676,Kathy Xia,"January 29, 2023","Notifications are still bugged rn. One day my msger just stopped notifying me when I receive msgs. I have done nothing differently, and have also checked the notif settings but to no avail. Other than minor technical issues and bugs here and there, this app is overall good for communication and has everything that I need. Highly recommended.",886 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
677,Kaitlyn Byington,"February 15, 2023","Was good until it bugged out with notifications. Some come through some don't and I haven't changed any settings. Double and triple checked my notifications are on, and yet.. nothing. Please fix this.",0,2,Messenger
678,M V,"December 5, 2022","I use messenger primarily and I find it's been super glitchy recently, especially the media recieving. The pictures I can't save because when I click the three dots it doesn't show ""save"" option. It opens the options box but just opens it out of screen so I cant actually click save and can barely click ""forward"". Videos have been saying currently unavailable or something and I have to keep closing and reopening app for every little thing",34 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
679,Manuel Ángel Calvo Piñeiro,"February 5, 2023","It's becoming more and more buggy with the passing of time, instead of the opposite. -Need to reinstall the app to scroll messages using the search feature -The conversation bubble doesn't always work properly (when opening it, the conversation can cover half of the screen)",0,3,Messenger
680,Frankie Angelo,"January 27, 2023","The app does its job well, however there are several absurd things about this app. I can't send messages when there's no access to internet. It's absurd how the free mode is only available for FB and not for Messenger, Imagine if there's some sort of emergency that you need to let the receipent know. And another thing is when unsending messages. It's awful how the deleted message, leaves inscription ""You've unsent the message"" when it can just be left inexistent without leaving an evidence.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
681,Jordan Potter,"February 11, 2023",Please fix the notifications. I never receive notifications. I get the sounds (pop) but don't see any notifications I have to manually open the app to check if I have any messages. Rubbish version.,0,1,Messenger
682,Qui9,"December 11, 2022","This app has become trash. For some reason Facebook hates Samsung users; sharing any photos or videos shrinks their dimensions down to pixelated year-2008 sizes. When someone sends a video it also will not play, giving the message ""something went wrong"". These are not new features, there should be no reason to mess with what worked best. Make it work the same on allll devices please... 🤷‍♂️",12 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
683,Shimu Shimu,"February 5, 2023","It has been a problem for a long time. After sending the message, I used to see the exact time when the other side is seeing it. But now message send time is shown as scene time. This issue should be resolved.",0,3,Messenger
684,A Google user,"December 6, 2022","Bad app for chatting. Emoji reactions are the one and only feature of this app. Overall a lack of options to personalise app. I cannot edit, when i make a typo. When i delete a message, because of critical typo, the opponent get notice of it. Why? I wasted so much time explaining, why i delete messages. Please, do it like telegram app.",10 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
685,Ksenia Tauroa,"February 14, 2023",Stopped receiving notifications of new messages. I have clients that I work with through messenger and this is very frustrating. Will amend my rating once fixed. This is probably thepst annoying bug that this app has had.,0,1,Messenger
686,Haydes Evans,"February 14, 2023","SHITHOUSE!! Dam thing working perfectly fine until it updated, now i've got a tonne of ""unread notifs"" and NO BLOODY IDEA who has messaged me as the ""bold/unread"" v ""standard/read"" msgs dont change anymore.. All msgs are standard font.. Fix it ya gooses! You should also understand, IF IT AINT BROKE, DON'T FIX IT!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
687,Erin Kemp,"February 17, 2023",I'm literally getting messages way too late. People send me messages on the day I reply to them and their responses are not coming through straight away. Seriously please fix this problem. It's very frustrating to wait a few days to receive messages. I send someone a message and their response came a day late and they responded to me on the day I responded to them. FIX THE ENDLESS BUGS AND GLITCHES THIS APP HAS,0,1,Messenger
688,Mubin Musavvir Sun,"February 14, 2023","This is the most buggy app I have ever used. After every update it is becoming worse than the previous one. Call feature doesn't work, messages doesn't load, etc. Wish I could rate 0/5.",0,1,Messenger
689,Mim,"February 9, 2023",Worst experience...doesn’t even work properly it takes forever to send a massage don't even think about blaming bout my connection..its connected doesn't have any problem with it yes i updated the app still i restarted the phone uninstalled and reinstalled but nothing works uninstalling🖕 this piece of shittt,0,1,Messenger
690,Dwight,"February 6, 2023","When im in facebook an then decide the go on messenger to check message it the loading process freezes meaing: the loading circle just spins forever, then I have uninstall, then install again. Its easy to use the app the only problem is the freezing.",2 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
691,Megan Kline,"January 29, 2023","I don't get any notifications anymore for this app, (I have all my notifications alerts on as well). It just isn't the same anymore. I had to Uninstall and reinstall to try and fix the issue and that did NOTHING! It honestly is not the same anymore and feel like normal text is more effective. 😕",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
692,Charlie Gartland,"February 13, 2023","Used to be great, now a buggy mess. I can't open chat bubbles with a handful of my regular contacts for no apparent reason, notifications are delayed if they come in at all, pfps don't update, video and image quality is garbage. Really wish they'd fix this cesspit, but we all know Meta only cares about money and stealing personal info",0,1,Messenger
693,Karen Archibald,"February 14, 2023",Use to love it but lately my notifications come to me in Spanish when I have my language set to English. When I go to account settings it is also in spanish as well as the help section. No matter what I do I can not change the language. So annoying and I can't seem to get help from anyone.,0,1,Messenger
694,Boyz Mumu,"February 14, 2023","Very unstable. It now crashes upon using and opening messages, unlike last night. Delayed loading of chats either using a basic theme. Developers seems not reading nor listening to end-user reviews.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
695,Ashley St. John,"February 12, 2023",I was fine with this app but now it's getting to the point where my messages won't go off and I have to open my messenger to see the message. This is very annoying and needs to be fixed. I've already installed and deleted the app and it's still the same. This is the only problem I have. Other than that it's great!,0,4,Messenger
696,abby schaeper,"February 16, 2023",Even after updates I still won't get notifications of new messages on occasions. I'll open the app to find that I have a new message from 30 minutes ago and I had no idea. Very frustrating.,0,2,Messenger
697,Kira Onion,"January 23, 2023","It was great at first, but then the app started lagging so badly and your updates are really useless. First, I can't see my archived chats because it apparently won't load. Second, chat bubbles keep popping up and every time I open to check what message I received, there was no new message. And third, you guys got rid of the damn feature where you can see which voice mail you replied to, like, how am I supposed to see which VM replied to?! Please fix this damn app, sincerely a user.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
698,Sachin Ghimire,"February 16, 2023","Many bugs and glitches.App doesn't works properly.Fix it as soon as possible otherwise me and my friend's will stop using it!! There are WhatsApp, Instagram,Telegram etc to use.If you'll not fix messenger,me and my friends will start using these apps. So,fix it as soon as possible!!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
699,Deepesh Lad,"January 28, 2023","The notifications are so delayed, I get messages after 5-10 mins the sender has sent a message. When my phone is locked I never get notifications. Plus while I'm typing to the same person who replied me, I always get notifications while typing which is annoying. Need to fix this notification stuff. Plus searching in conversation is so bad, it never takes me to searched keywords in chat.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
700,weedian,"January 14, 2023","Can't use the search feature for conversations anymore. It just shows an empty chat with no one. I've updated, cleared the cache and data, completely uninstalled and reinstalled the app, and still can't use the function reliably. It's an absolute pain.",10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
701,Donna Bevington,"January 3, 2023",Rarely receive notifications for months now. I have uninstalled and downloaded again. There are no updates due. Notifications are allowed via app and phone settings. Every other app works fine. And sometimes I do receive a notification so I don't believe it's anything I'm doing wrong.,5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
702,Clarisse Espero,"January 3, 2023",The update won't let me backread to past chats as well as the fact that sometimes there is no notification for messages that aren't even muted. I'm also annoyed wjth the fact you can't take pictures in videocalls anymore. It keeps crashing a lot and sometimes it just freezes and lags even when my connection is stable.,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
703,Olive Alberto,"February 13, 2023",Alot of bugs! No chat heads. No Notification. Even notification sound doesn't work. When you switch to from your page's messenger to your main account in loads and then it says no messages!,0,1,Messenger
704,smokeone91,"February 14, 2023",After the latest update I stopped receiving notifications for Chat messages. I still receive for reactions to messages. No settings on the device have been been change. I hope the Devs are working on a fix..,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
705,Lorri Adams,"January 27, 2023","Whatever the latest update was, it has done something wrong. Old messages pop up all day long. Earlier it told me I had over 30 messages and was dinging constantly but I only had one actual message. This is also happening to everyone else I know who has the app on their phone. It is getting Infuriating.",55 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
706,zen bot,"February 9, 2023","Dear support, I am facing an issue while trying to send messages on Messenger. The error message ""Couldn't Send"" keeps appearing. I have tried various solutions but the issue persists. Please resolve this issue as soon as possible.",0,1,Messenger
707,Denis Franklin (Frankie),"December 16, 2022","Why on earth would you change the emoji system to default to search if pressed after typing a message? Now adding emojis for emphasis requires hitting search, swapping to the correct mode and hitting recent, rather than that being the logical default, absolutely infuriating. On top of the failure to properly notify receipt of messages and/or pop out a chat head - fix the compatibility with bubbles, it's native to this OS now, we're not bloody 🍏",12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
708,Kirby IntheBag,"February 11, 2023","I have been restricted even though I haven't shared anything bad/ something that goes against the rules of Facebook. I couldn't send messages even when there's a serious emergency in which I needed to answer. I haven't done shared anything in Facebook but why reason it with ""you've shared something that involves nudity"" in which I hadn't, I hadn't shared anything in the past 3 or more months. Please fix your reporting system.",0,1,Messenger
709,Nick Martin,"January 29, 2023",Still the same in 2023. I love the app and it would be a 5 * if you could view pics sent via smart watch. Every other messaging app allows you to preview the picture sent. Samsung Galaxy S10+ and Samsung Galaxy Watch. It's been a year and 10 months since this review and it got worse. Still the ONLY social media app that smart watches can't view picture on and now the bubble voice recorder option is not working unless you go to the app itself.,139 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
710,Jace Donalds,"February 14, 2023",I’ve been using it quite awhile.. now all it shows is a white screen whenever I open the app. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it but nothing much still shows the same. I’ts frustrating after doing the same for almost three days but still it won’t work.,0,3,Messenger
711,Amilin Julina,"February 4, 2023","The delays of messages to pop is very annoying or even though I already saw the message it will notify me minutes after reading it, adding new features and removing it again what's the point?, Keep on updating almost every month with a bit of changes useless, time consuming and waste of data I only used this app for educational purposes but now that pandemic ended and we're all back to normal classes I must not use this shitttt.",0,1,Messenger
712,Morning Dew,"February 12, 2023",Updated today and can't go to profiles. Don't know if anyone is getting my messages. May 24 2022 I updated today but it says at launch that I need to update. As it tried it gave message that it was trying again. Wont load. Oct 10 2022 won't launch profiles to facebook. It asks to login to site. Don't know if this is a security upgrade. Settings won't open.feb 11 2023 no ppl online.,9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
713,Audrey Saxon,"January 26, 2023",I'm really disappointed I do a lot of video calls I've never had a problem before I updated this app ..I cannot hear a ring or notification..or dose it show up on the screen to say I have an incoming video call ..I've checked all options they are all set to ring I miss so many video calls from loved ones ...please fix this problem,63 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
714,RS,"February 2, 2023","Doesn't send notifications as it before. I only know about new messages when i open the app. I try changing my phone settings and app settings,none of work. So disappointed 😞😞. I wish it will soon work like before.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
715,K “Kilolo676” Pasi,"January 29, 2023","These updates are supposed to improve things like privacy and protect you. My account has always been on private, but every since the recent updates, I have noticed small glitches. However, there is nothing to be worried about. We'll, I got hacked. Had to reset my password, check my personal info, and also my privacy. Which, I have always kept it at ""only me"" status. Can these lowlife hackers get an actual life and leave honest people alone?!",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
716,Richard Earl Paredes,"February 15, 2023",I have been using messenger for years and this is the 1st time I cannot open the app after the latest update. Tried to uninstall and then re installing but still cannot open. Removed the app for now and will change my rating if they fix this issue.,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
717,Lindsay Kirk,"December 25, 2022","This and the last few updates have done nothing but make my messages not send until I open the app. Sometimes I'll be using it and I'll write somebody and then hit home. Then when I open the app later I see that it'll just send then. Idk how to fix this but I hope you all can!!! This is annoying. Some messages don't send for a long time, the circle not turning blue or anything and I don't get that either.",196 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
718,Opal Wilhelm,"February 9, 2023","Last week when I opened up the chat bubble it shrunk half then just now it's like a quarter of the size, I can see the message but can't reply unless I open the app itself. There's no update and don't know how to fix it.",0,1,Messenger
719,adrian fernandez,"February 6, 2023","I was connected to wifi and is says ""waiting for network"" i restarted my phone, i delete and downloaded the app, clear cache, storage are not full, wifi connection is stable even mobile data. MESSENGER!! What i am supposed to do!!!!?",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
720,Jack Rowley,"February 17, 2023","I have a business that mainly relies on people messaging me on Facebook Messenger, but for whatever reason the past month certain people can't message me on Facebook, I've tried everything to fix it but without success and I'm losing business because of this problem, I'm getting pretty fed up with it now.",0,1,Messenger
721,Ariel Gable,"December 17, 2022",Since the update messenger has been really buggy. I can't be on a call and look at certain things because of the lag. Not to mention since the update my phone has been super buggy as well and doesn't work right. Ive tried every to see if it'll work from uninstalling and reinstalling the app to resetting my phone. I hope you fix this problem.,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
722,Mel Harrison,"February 10, 2023","I used to actually really love messenger until the last few months 😞 it doesn't tell me when I have msges, incoming calls & half the time it won't even tell me whose online 😔 I miss multiple calls a week.. doesn't ring or anything just tells me I suddenly have a missed call and I could be holding my phone in my hand and it doesn't ring just a missed call notification comes up. If I could give this app 0 stars I would.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
723,Josh Alido,"February 2, 2023","1 star. Too many bugs, this app makes my screen glitch, while watching videos it makes my screen unable to touch anything, when listening to voice messages and videos too, my whole screen turns PITCH BLACK. I've had enough of this app, month by month i experience more and NEW glitches. I've decided that this app should take an big L once in a while. This app itself always ""updates"" to fix bugs and glitches, but it seems like nothing is just happening. Please, devs. YOUR UPDATES ARE MISLEADING.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
724,Rhoda Yvone Briz,"February 9, 2023","Lag, lag, lag. Doesn't update or notif me on messenges on the right time and woukd notify me after hours after the messages are sent and would notify me with messnges I've already seen. My friend's messenger was literally dead for DAYS not being able to see messages and had to go to chrome to be able to chat.",0,1,Messenger
725,Cory Beasse,"February 7, 2023","For the last month or so the notifications from this app suck they don't come in like they used too, plus I used to be bless to read the last 5 message in any conversation from the notifications now I can only see the last one. Which is a royal pain. Same issue as others are having. Fix the notifications to the way they we're before and get a higher review",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
726,mary sampson,"December 13, 2022",Over a year later and still the same issue! Frustrated I'm tired of having to uninstall and reinstall because it shows I have a message and I really don't. I've had to do this MULTIPLE TIMES in the last few weeks. 1st written 11/2020 & still having same issue 4/2021..guess these don't get read by developers. It would be AMAZING if this was addressed!!!!,15 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
727,Seana Javellana,"February 12, 2023","Its getting annoying. To be honest, its working so well way before. Now some useless updates is keeping it so buggier and i cant even receive any messages. It only sends for hours or even minutes. Maybe i may not recieve it at all PLS. JUST PLS. FIX IT.",0,1,Messenger
728,Ashlea,"February 7, 2023",I like how u can video chat and communicate with anyone u can possibly know on FB. EVERYONE has a FB acct! I do wish they had more themes for the chats. It would make things a lot more enjoyable for lots of ppl to have a theme matched to their liking! Maybe even a custom theme? Possibly some different fonts to choose from as well?,3 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
729,"Garcia, Ezekiel John L.","January 10, 2023","The bubble feature is so buggy. It can bypass the do not disturb feature on my phone, still pop-up and.. well, disturb me. At least add a feature that gives the users an option to choose between bubbles and chat heads if you keep changing it anyway. I liked the old one better.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
730,Zoe Whelan,"December 15, 2022","Had my account for years, no problems. Few months ago my account needed updating and I couldn't send messages, followed all the instructions and it said my account was updated but still couldn't send messages. Been reporting this for months, no change. Now my account has been completely disabled, can't have gone against guidelines because I haven't been able to send messages. Follow the instructions to request a review and it won't let me attatch pictures of my ID as instructed or send it off.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
731,Andrea Alfonso,"December 14, 2022","App was fine until it was updated. Now messages are unread even if I didnt receive notifications, and I dont get any notifications anymore for messages. Everything hangs when I answer a video call plus I cant see the person I am talking to on video call. My phone seems to be slower when using this app recently.",41 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
732,Jonas Paul De La Cruz,"February 10, 2023","I need another option to hide the conversation. The archive is only a nuisance. Please give us another option to hide it. It's better if there is a pin code. I always press the delete button. Can you put the delete in the middle in the pop up message? It's such a nuisance. If you can't do that, you should give another pop up message. Are you sure that you want to delete the conversation?",476 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
733,Stephanie Davis,"February 14, 2023",I am no longer getting notifications that I have messages. I have forced the app closed. I have deleted and reinstalled it. Still nothing! It's getting really frustrating,0,1,Messenger
734,Amy Wittman,"January 28, 2023",i cant figure out why it won't send messages right away to some people and others it sends right then. i am soooo ticked. i hate this app now. it needs to be fixed so it sends messages to everyone right when you send it. I can't even have a conversation because of it. people think i have stopped talking because it wont send messages in the middle of our conversations. stupid app now.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
735,Amanda Ruleford,"January 31, 2023","It has a lot of bugs that never seem to be fixed. I have my phone on WI-FI and some times I don't, and messages that friends send me don't show up right away some times days later. Updates are always done on my phone but it's fustrating if that's your only way to communicate with friends and family. Also some games on Facebook won't load...again not enough updates to the app addressing the problems 😠",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
736,alexandra burlacu,"January 26, 2023","I keep receiving endless notifications for messages received and read hours ago, or the day before. The chat 'bubbles' are insanely bad compared to how the chat heads used to work. They keep disappearing at random, sharing something from fb only shows the least 2 contacts I've spoken with, accessing recent contacts shows nothing, trying to take a photo switches from the chat head to the messenger app, shared photos are worse quality now. I don't get how it keeps getting worse with each update?!",334 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
737,Veronica McDaniel,"January 26, 2023",Even since the recent update I can not send videos. I have never had a problem before. I have great signal and it's short videos of 10 seconds or less and I still can't. I can receive videos. I can send videos I record from the messenger. But if I take a video with my phone it will not send. Please fix this,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
738,Raza Ali,"February 2, 2023",Messenger has stopped notifying me of new messages for some reason. This problem started recently. Not sure why. No settings were changed and I can see all notifications are showing as allowed. But whenever I get a message there is no notification sound or the chat popup that used to appear before. Really frustrating,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
739,Michael Maysonet,"January 27, 2023","I dislike the fact that the bubbles are smaller and the notifications are just orange dots, I understand that yall are trying to simplifying the ui but if someone with a S10+ is having trouble tapping the bubble in landscape mode because it gets stuck behind the back/home button (and then swiping towards the left twice) is just simply bad ui that isn't very user friendly, the main problems are appearing in landscape mode, portrait mode is fine but please fix landscape mode please",43 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
740,Armand Dumaguet,"February 2, 2023","My profile pic, even though I have updated it recently, still shows up as my old profile pic from time to time. My app version is always updated, and yet that issue with the profile pic is still recurring. Also, just completely remove Stories from Messenger, it is not interesting to me, and I believe it is not interesting to most Messenger users as well.",10 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
741,AliJeh Reik,"January 28, 2023","The app is very buggy! When I try to search message history, it drops an error message and won't scroll like it should. It also notifies me of messages that I've already responded to a million times. Please fix it cuz it's very annoying.",14 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
742,Larry Wease,"January 26, 2023",Ever since the rewrite of this messenger. My notifications are so delayed that upgrade my phone to see if that was the problem. It work for awhile but now the same problem starting to happen on my Samsung phone. Also they remove the add shortcut of the person to your home screen. This messenger use to be so great..but bloated with trash features that I barely use.,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
743,R p (AKrunner907),"February 1, 2023","This app use to perform well, now there appears to be a bug with making and receiving video calls. I cleared the cache, even Uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it still does not work. This issue is across all platforms - cell phone and tablet.",21 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
744,Ly Medina,"January 31, 2023","No matter how I fix it, the chat head won't still pop up, I don't know whether you remove it or not but please fix this. Chat heads makes it easier for us to access the chat without having to go to the app just to answer. Also, I can't hear the messenger ringtone everytime someone is calling. I also can't see the informations after the call, like the hour, minutes and seconds, even the date. You guys should do your job properly. This darn app has so many issues already. Fix it.",112 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
745,Krishta Cockroft,"January 31, 2023",Ever since the recent update all my incoming audio and video calls just show up as missed calls. The phone can be in my hand and doesn't ring at all. It worked fine before has never been an issue. I have Uninstalled and reinstalled the app a million times. Please fix this,24 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
746,Mike Rae,"January 27, 2023",I used like this app up until a couple months ago when nearly every person on my chat list wouldn't receive my messages or pics but I could use the like button. So I Uninstalled it then reinstalled it and it worked for maybe 2 weeks now it's happening again 🙃 only now after uninstalling it and re-installing it twice it's still saying cannot send message. I've restarted my phone after downloading the app nothing I've done to fix this problem is working. Does anyone have Elon Musk's phone number,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
747,Chelsey Elliott,"January 30, 2023","Loved messenger app, always have. But lately I have not been getting notifications about messages. Sometimes there's a 10 minute delay. As well when I send my husband a message it will sit there as sent forever until he goes to message me a while afterwards. It says he is online, not sure why it's not being delivered to his mobile phone. Even getting notified hours later for messages I've already read. Not going to be using the app much anymore.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
748,Veronica,"January 30, 2023","In the last 2 days, the app has stopped sending video and picture. This wasn't an issue prior. Ive reached out to the developer for help, with not response yet. Disappointed!! This app used to be the easiest way to communicatewith family and friends, but I guess we'll try a different app.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
749,Luszek,"January 28, 2023","The app is getting worse and worse, day by day. I get notifications about a message that happened few hours ago now, making it so instead of seeing one notification for current message, i see TEN OF THEM. Searching up anything in the conversation ends up in the app freezing, not being able to do anything.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
750,Samara Matson,"January 30, 2023","Update: still happening after the most receng update, and now i also can't answer calls because they do not show up as notifications even if i am in the app and the current chat. Since the last update, I keep getting all message notifications hours and sometimes even a day later, despite having already read and replied to them. I've tried clearing data and cache to no avail. Annoying.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
751,Lori Mazza,"February 1, 2023",I am having issues with audio calls and video calls not working. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app and still have issues with audio and video calls. Also all the permissions are activated as well. It's frustrating.,13 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
752,bianca bendo,"January 25, 2023","Recently started having audio issues. When call is connected there's no audio and a small message tells me there's audio issues and to try again later. But still no resolve. Update: no I'm having issues within the call. Still having audio issues with error message stating that the call is having audio issues please try again later, now none of the in call buttons work including the end call button. Very frustrating. I use messenger quit a bit to connect with my family.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
753,Challe Acce,"February 15, 2023","Don't understand how app developers can be so lazy and leave their apps that's used by millions in such an unoptimized buggy mess. Crashing, black screens, really late notifications (Even get notified of year old messages sometimes) Has happened on 3 different phones I've owned and a few friends have said similar issues. Poor effort",0,1,Messenger
754,Norven Magtaas,"February 3, 2023","There's a lot of bugs. The message notifications are so late and delay. There's always a bug when playing video and it makes the app freezes. Do something about it. this app becomes useless, everything sucks.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
755,Mike Shedd,"February 1, 2023","My phone stopped ringing on incoming calls. My laptop rings in real time, but absolutely NOTHING on the phone. No ring, no notifications, nothing showing that I'm receiving a call. I've changed and checked all the settings, cleared the cache, etc. Nothing works",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
756,joy turner,"January 25, 2023",So many glitches. Notifications stopped working today.. AGAIN. One problem after another with every update rolled out. Gifs appear as blank white boxes. Can send them but no idea what I'm sending. Now can't even delete missed calls. The list is there and a delete bin option but it doesn't do anything,11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
757,Mikayla Angelika Bustamante,"February 1, 2023","please fix the bugs. it’s getting annoying. it keeps saying “no internet connection” even though i do. it became difficult for me to switch between accounts. and the themes, the themes don’t show up properly anymore. the active list is not reliable and it doesn’t show up who’s active even though my active status is turned on. please fix this. also please return that ignore conversation thing, it’s really annoying having unwanted group chat convos in my message list.",26 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
758,Ron Sabio,"January 29, 2023","I can't send pictures or screenshot recently. I tried other account and it works, i tried other messaging app its, all working! I already tried to reinstall it, it works for a while then the bug back,i can't any pics or vids or even VM's! Too many bugs of this app, i hate it. Uninstalling forever.",15 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
759,Aaron Buster,"January 29, 2023","The marketplace notifications are dreadfully delayed for the Pixel 7 platform. I'll have 20 new conversations and no notifications. After reading and responding to all of them, I'll get a few notifications that new conversations are present. When I click on them, they have already been responded to. Please fix this!",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
760,Blufirewing _,"January 27, 2023",For the most part the app functions well but it's been weeks of me having to uninstall and reinstall so that I can use the search function in my messages. Edit: Still receiving updates but issues aren't being fixed. I still can't properly search in conversations for past information that I need.,3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
761,Emma Archer,"January 29, 2023","I use this app regularly, but it also messes up regularly. Different issues each time. There is a lot to it though, which makes the glitches understandable. You just need to know how to force stop apps occasionally. Low res images are getting ridiculous.",20 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
762,Jay Y,"February 3, 2023","This update isn't an update at all; it's a downgrade! The previous version worked fine. Since this update force-installed, messenger has had glitch after glitch. Unsending messages no longer works, app is freezing up, and gettings alerts for new messages that aren't even there.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
763,gemanosian0451,"January 31, 2023","Terrible user experience recently, themes are broken, bubbles are broken and don't show up for half of my friends, notifications are garbage, and it still doesn't compete with other apps, im getting all my friends off FB because apparently a huge corporation doesn't know how to develop a functioning messaging service 2023 edit: and now calls are going through whenever they feel like no matter who is doing it, this app sucks",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
764,J Coz,"January 29, 2023","🤬🤬🤬🤬 I now will get notifications for messages Ive received previously as if they just came in. But its from a convo a day earlier! And it happens in the exact order they were sent. EX: A person sends me 10 messages on Monday night. I read them and reply. Then on Tuesday afternoon, one by one I will get those same 10 messages (notification ONLY- the messages aren't really there) & kinda get them in the same time interval they were sent the day Before, like a message Notification every 4 mins",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
765,Jovielyn “Nice” Trimor,"January 30, 2023","I am experiencing most annoying and inconvenient issue ever. For some reason, messenger app keeps notifying that I have unread messages when I actually have read it a couple hours beforehand. For example, when I messaged someone at 9am and turned the internet connection for my phone at 10am, and went back online at around 5pm, the messages that I have replied to and read keeps popping off as if I haven't already read them. And a lot more issues that dissapoints me, kindly fix the bug ASAP",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
766,Vlada McQueen,"January 31, 2023",The call option on the app not working properly. Uninstalled the app couple of time. Works for 1 day and that's it. The calls from people are not going through basically and just show as a missed call at the end. Can you please help with this?,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
767,Dexter Gonzales,"January 30, 2023","I love using this app, but lately when I want to send videos, photos, and voice messages it doesn't send. I had tried to uninstall and install the app again to fix the problem but it didn't work. Please help me sith this bug issue. Thanks.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
768,Dustin Jones,"January 30, 2023",App crashes when I switch between my personal and business page messenger. This is now an issue that can cost me business! The app now doesn't notify me when I receive new messages. Update: app is still trash. If I could give negative stars I would. No issues fixed.,164 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
769,Colby Spiers,"January 25, 2023","2021: They call it instant messaging, but there's almost nothing instant about it. I have text from months ago that just sent. 2022 Update: nothing has changed, almost like the developers do not care, I might as well use the postal service. Relationships have been affected negatively for poor message delivery. P.S. only using for the convenience of almost everyone using it 2023 Update: still unreliable, about to jump this burning ship",13 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
770,Maruzuru,"February 3, 2023",There is this bug that I can't unsend my message and it ruined the app for me. Though there are a lot of bugs and it also comes with lag issues when playing a video or using the floating chat head but this made me want to use other platforms. Please fix this cause I've been using this app for years.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
771,Crystal Selburn,"January 29, 2023","Since the recent updates, it's not letting me know when people message or call, and if it does its not until hours later. Won't let me switch between accounts without having to exit out of the app multiple times and attempting to log in.",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
772,KnUcKlEsShAdOwSiLvEr,"February 3, 2023","The theme keeps disappearing, it doesn't load previous conversations when scrolling down nor up, had to uninstall and reinstall about 5 times for it to get the theme back only for it do the same thing. And now it doesn't show the results in ""Search in conversation"". This app is going downhill.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
773,Nina Derouchie,"February 2, 2023","The past few weeks the app hasn't been giving me notifications when I receive videos calls. It also doesn't send me message notification until hours after. If i open a message, it will still notify me minutes after as if I just got the message. Has been very annoying.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
774,Shelly “Drgnl8dy” Graeber,"January 25, 2023",I'm a huge user of messenger but as far as an update you really need to be able to have a clear all or select all when deleting archive messages and other old messages and just general messages from marketplace. I have stuff from like 2019 and I don't have time to select every single one individually. And surprisingly a lot of memory is used in all those old messages so I would say that definitely needs an update ASAP!!,7 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
775,Winter Flower,"January 31, 2023","Starting last week, Messenger doesn't notify me anymore of incoming voice or video calls. I've tried to follow almost every instructions available on how to fix these issues, but nothing seems to work. I also went to my service provider to have my phone checked. They ""fixed"" it, but the next day it's still the same",15 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
776,Doug Schmude,"February 1, 2023","The most recent update completely ruined this app. Shared reels don't bring you to the correct reel, notifications for old messages continuously pop up after they're read, actually receiving a notification for a message works about 30% of time. Try testing your product before releasing...",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
777,Lyl Gejon,"February 10, 2023",So many bugs because of these useless updates. Stop adding useless features your app can't even handle it. Fix the bugs please. It's so annoying. The messages are always delayed and the chat head sometimes shows no conversation. I have to restart my phone or close the app very often because of these bugs. Some of my important and urgent messages won't even send.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
778,comedy gold turtle,"January 28, 2023",The app is great but you need to fix the issue where the app keeps sending you messages that have already been sent. I call them phantom messages but it gets quite annoying when I get a text message from 3 hours ago that I already replied to! Please fix this!,3 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
779,Ai Rene,"February 4, 2023","I don't know what's up with Messenger but it won't let me receive my messages. it'll only pop up after a few minutes or even a few hours. Before adding any feature, fix your bugs because at this rate people will leave this app. One user is indeed right, the 2016 version is a lot better.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
780,Alexander Martel,"January 28, 2023",Not intuitive at all. Just tried turning the light on so I could be more visible and i couldn't do it for the life of me. Why does the GD light bulb icon not turn THE LIGHT ON?!?! No instead I'm bombarded but God awful filters and effects put in place to placate and soothe the drooling many,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
781,Joel,"January 29, 2023",It's progressively getting buggier and less feature rich. I just want to be able to opt out of group chats and have some control over notifications but it's becoming more difficult. Will try to move to other channels until they improve.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
782,Daniel Yates,"February 2, 2023","Messenger, after the update, will set off my phone and send notifications as if I have a new message when I do not. The preview pull down shows it is a notification for a message I got a few hours ago. My phone just vibrates for a few hours every day while it notifies me of all the conversations I've already had",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
783,Dark Demon,"February 1, 2023","What's with this recent update? I dont wanna view their messages and there is the icon of someone who messages in the upper right corner. When I pressed it, it directly moved to the person who messaged it. Now I've seen it and had to reply. I prefer the old messenger and stop downgrading this good app. Edit: why does it say that I'm not connected even though I have a fast internet?",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
784,Некто Лохматый,"January 28, 2023","The only reason I use FB is because it's popular in the country I live in. If I don't open it for a few days, it takes tens of seconds to load my msgs. The web version lags like hell if your hardware is weaker than a macbook. Emoticons are especially luggy, and it takes forever to find a one I need. Editing messages would be nice, I often chat in foreign languages and make a lot of typos - I have to re-send msgs to fix them! Viewing a profile is 1000 clicks. Audio calls are luggy.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
785,Anna C,"January 29, 2023","Suddenly I can't send images, voice clips or videos. I see them in my chat but the dot stays hollow, meaning it didn't send. Messages I type do send. Nothing fixes it except uninstalling and reinstalling, but then a day later it starts happening again.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
786,Sarah Culwell,"January 31, 2023",I've never really have had any problems but here the last month or so my calls aren't ringing in. Even had my phone in my hand and watched it pop up that I missed the call but it didn't even ring! I'm missing important calls due to this! Also took the option to take pics during calls! Absolute loves that option but it's been gone,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
787,Jenavie Willers,"January 26, 2023","I've used messenger for a long time and let me tell you, something is wrong with the app. My mom and sister will try to call me on it and it won't ring on my end at all. I checked the app itself, made sure all the notifications were turned on for the app so that I would receive them and nothing has helped. The app will let me make outgoing calls that my mom and sister can recieve. It's just that I can't get incoming calls at all. Needs fixed.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
788,Al Hepler,"January 25, 2023",My experiences with Audibel Hearing Centers are always outstanding. My most recent appointment was no different. Cori and Steve always go out of their way to make sure my hearing needs and issues are addressed and taken care of in a very professional way. I would highly recommend Audible Hearing Centers to anyone who needs to have their hearing tested and improved.,90 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
789,Dana Tinsley,"January 28, 2023","My video calls do not show up until after the call has ended and you get the ""missed call"" message. This happens on outgoing and incoming calls, no notice and no sound. I have reinstalled and it doesn't help. Please get this fixed!",32 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
790,L. C.,"January 27, 2023",They removed the ability to unsent messages that were unread. It made it nice when you wanted to change what you sent or reword it. Now it's just another messaging app like all the others. Also has major issues with FB related scams.,156 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
791,Luisa George,"February 1, 2023","Since the updates I have had to consistently reinstall the app, as I've found this quicker than trying to open a message for my FB business page. This app is now very glitchy and frustrating. Hate how time consuming it is to read messages and switch accounts to read them. The people signing off on the updates obviously don't use Messenger regularly. I wish I didn't too, but sadly I must if I have a FB business.",513 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
792,Francisco III Umbac,"January 30, 2023","Delayed messages and when i opened the message on floating notification it will put me on messenger app and cant see the new messages. Also notification sound when you choice a notification sound that you like after selecting it the messenger always set it on default notification sound. Also cant received calls. My friends trying to call me but it only stucks on ""calling"" when they hang up the call i received a notification that i missed a call from someone.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
793,Oussama Madhioub,"January 29, 2023","Used to be perfect, but last few months the audio calls are so buggy, I can't hear anything for few seconds then it all comes together with super fast speed... it's so annoying...I even formatted my phone to fix the issue ...Sadly it didn't go away...",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
794,Randy Hyland,"February 1, 2023","Why is it that no matter how many times I select ""nothing can bubble"" in settings chat heads return in a few hours? It's so annoying I absolutely hate chat heads and messenger bubbles! Update Feb 1 2022 now it wants to send me second notifications for old messages 16 hours after I first received them which is annoying when it's whole conversations worth of separate notifications",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
795,Jaime Ritchie,"January 28, 2023",Not sure what is up with this app atm. I'm unable to make & receive calls. Every now and then I'll get a notification saying I missed a call and iv been with my phone the whole time to receive a call. Super frustrating. I've re-started my phone multiple times but doesn't fix the problem.,0,1,Messenger
796,Er Nest,"January 29, 2023","It used to be great, but now it seems so broken it makes chats annoying. It keeps crashing, freezing, media won't play right, I can't even read previous messages because it won't let me scroll up.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
797,Sheri L. Williamson,"January 26, 2023","Wow, the Messenger app is an annoying timewaster! It constantly alerts me to nonexistent messages, acts like my own replies are unread messages, and makes me switch back and forth through all my accounts to find actual new messages. If there was a way to block people messaging me through Facebook, I would do it just to never have to use this garbage app again.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
798,Danielle N.,"January 31, 2023",Everything works great other than the audio/video chat sometimes. It would also be amazing if there were more options for customization with colors and themes in chats and such. But overall a great app! 👍,14 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
799,Minn Sithu,"February 12, 2023",Suddenly can't enter into messenger app. My phone has high ram 6 Gb and enough storage. Freezing at the Messenger intro UI and my phone is immediately stopped its function. I don't think so the fault is my phone but I think your new version needs to fix. Thank you Meta.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
800,Kristena Kirby,"January 27, 2023",So far this year my calls aren't coming in even though I have all the settings the same as I have had them when calls would come in. Now I only miss calls and don't get notifications for them. My sister has to message after calling just for me to know I missed her call. I'm getting very annoyed with missing all my video/audio calls on my messenger,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
801,Sean Davies,"January 31, 2023","The app has worsened to the point that it's broken. I no longer receive a notification that I've had a message,but it will notify me about days old messages that I've already seen. I know of 8 others with the exact issue, sort it ya slackers",0,1,Messenger
802,R Smith,"January 27, 2023","Great for texting my friends but unfortunate that it crashes 3 times a day and I have to restart my phone everytime I want to fix it. Maybe if it didn't it would have a better rating, but it's the only app that does so.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
803,Marjurine Daoa,"February 3, 2023",The app keeps logging and it doesn't show any messages even though I have stable internet connection. It doesn't show anything except for the stories tab. Too many updates and bugs at the same time.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
804,Jan Kinloch,"January 28, 2023","There is some thing wrong and i can't seem to find a fix for it, at the top of messenger you should be able to see ur own picture, but for some reason I have 3 lines there instead, I haven't changed any thing at all, I have uninstalled and reinstalled messenger the picture comes back, but as soon as I close the app and reopen it my picture has disappeared and the 3 lines are back",0,2,Messenger
805,Tyrone Talam,"January 27, 2023",Very buggy. It gives message notifications very very late so i miss it for hours. Will just keep loading if I try to back read. Chats glitch and overlap each other. Trying to click replied messages won't bring you to the original message. I regret updating the app as all the problems started after doing that,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
806,Jacob Domangue,"January 31, 2023","Have to keep unistalling and reinstalling. Ever since new update, randomly I'll get notifications from conversations I already had from the day before, or earlier in the day. It's super annoying. The reinstall is the only relief I've get, and that's temporary. Do better Facebook.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
807,Sarah Robinson,"January 29, 2023",Video calling is not working. Most times it doesn't connect to ring and the person only gets a notification after that they missed a call. Also getting notifications for old messages that have been read a day later.,19 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
808,Jennifer Joseph,"January 30, 2023","I've honestly never had an issue with this app. But here recently when people call me I don't get notified at all. There's no ring, the notification never shows up. I either go into the app and see that I have missed calls or they'll message me and ask if I'm okay cuz I didn't answer and that's how I see they called me. I really wish this was fixed.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
809,Christian Albano,"January 28, 2023","Everytime there's a lot of unread messages and I open the chat, the ""# Unread Messages"" option doesn't show up always. It's a small problem but a huge issue for me. Kindly fix this bug. Thank you.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
810,Jeremy Davis (Jbone62),"January 29, 2023",With notifications turned on i still don't get any notification that i have an incoming video call. It won't ring or show up then when i go to the apl it says i missed a call. This is inexcusable and needs to be corrected or i will be forced to use more robust application.,23 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
811,Allan G Porter,"January 30, 2023",App notifications are spotty at best. Tried everything and nothing works. Since last update about 30% of notifications acutally show up. Have to manually open the app to look for a new message. And now I can't send any pictures.... Even worse,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
812,Cassandra,"February 1, 2023",Links aren't working. They open to a completely different video or article. And even with my call sounds turned on I don't hear calls/video calls when they ring. It just notifies me that I missed a call.,14 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
813,Whitney P,"February 1, 2023",UPDATE: I now get ghost notifications when no one has sent me anything. And multiple notifications for one message. I have to press and hold the record button for ~5 seconds before it will start recording my voice note. Tons of little issues.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
814,Tiara Zamara Kennedy Leach,"January 29, 2023","Messenger is completely lagging and glitching! Everyone i know has been having issues. Not recieving messages after recieving a notification that they have one,the active and offline button blinking and changing every second. Not seeing your own messages you send.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
815,HOKILLA,"January 30, 2023","Ever since the last update, I've had nothing but bugs and problems. Not receiving calls or messages unless I open the app and notice all the missed notifications. Tried Uninstalling and reinstalling with no luck. I'm on the latest Android version from tmobile on Galaxy S21 Ultra.",0,2,Messenger
816,Kyra B,"January 25, 2023","Last reviewed and hated the update that gave us stories that I don't care about and don't go away. That was 2017, and disappearing chat/chat heads was a problem. It's 2023 and my chat just disappeared while messaging someone and also didn't save what I had typed. It has been doing this. The main benefit to messenger is being able to use it while I use other apps. If it doesn't do that, there's no reason to use it.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
817,Shajjad Sheikh Ariyan,"February 7, 2023","After two days the update came out but did not solve the problem. Connectivity problem, the mobile hangs, sometimes the mobile freezes for the messenger, then the new problem is that the messenger does not run in the background, when someone sends a message, the notification comes from the Facebook light, but the messenger can sleep.",0,1,Messenger
818,Mae Lucas,"February 2, 2023","It's so buggy, even the word effects are gone and it keeps lagging even though I have a fast internet connection. At first I thought that the problem was our internet but found out that it was the app itself. The new features are not helpful at all, telegram was a better communication app than this anyways.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
819,Jesmin Afroz,"January 30, 2023","When I go to send the picture the picture is not sending. But when I uninstalled and reinstalled the messenger again, the picture was sent fine for a few hours. But then again after some time the picture doesn't send. It is not possible to uninstall and install again and again. Please give quick solution. My phone model is REDMI 10A",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
820,patricia willis,"January 31, 2023",For quite while now the app doesn't ring when someone calls and even more recent is has even stopped showing someone is calling even being silent. I don't know anyone has called me until they have hung up and it says missed call. I've tried everything possible to fix it and nothing. Even Google to find the answer and nothing,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
821,•Stëphanie•,"January 31, 2023",I've been using this app for so long but there has been so many issues like I can't backread I can't see some photos it always lags out when I'm on a call the call always disappear and I always keep getting delayed chats which was I already saw the message but the notification was delayed I would have rated it higher if it was fixed ^^,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
822,Sol,"January 27, 2023",Notifications for messages are coming through hours later and they're messages I've already read. So I'm getting message after message popping up as Notifications all in one go and thinking I have new messages but they're old ones I've read already. Its starting to drive me crazy.,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
823,Valerie Nutter,"January 30, 2023",The best way to share photos and videos but it no longer gives me any indicators that I have messages. I've checked all settings for notifications but nothing works. My friends are having the same problem,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
824,Hur Bella,"January 31, 2023",It's became ridiculous Whenever I call from it the other person can't hear anything they only hear glitches. The video call quality is terrible but now I can't even call them because they can't even hear what I'm saying. So please fix this problem asap. But other functions work nicely.,21 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
825,Donna Smith,"January 30, 2023","This app has been great for me until the latest update. For last week, I am missing almost every call and when I open it, that's when I realize I have missed a call. Wish someone would unfix it because since they ""fixed it"" it hasn't worked right since",32 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
826,mimi universe,"January 27, 2023","messenger is so buggy please fix it. i get notifs from messages that has been sent a while ago and it gaslights me into thinking there's new messages, i can't backread at all and it won't load more messages whenever i search, there are times when i cant open the conversation and i have to open messenger multiple times, and videos stop randomly while im watching it. i will give a higher review if the bugs are fixed. pls update the app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
827,Chilll,"February 1, 2023","There's a problem can't video chat , keep getting a message"". No permissions to start conference call for this group."" I've noticed this only happens when Android tries to connect to iPhone using Messenger. That might be why . So developer am I correct.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
828,Tony M,"February 15, 2023","Just randomly has decided not to properly notify me when someone messages or calls (both my phone's app permissions AND the in-app settings are set to allow). This same thing happened a while ago, but wmeither fixed itself or I got a new phone.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
829,SingkitGaming,"February 1, 2023","still useless at 2023, too many bugs. telegram, whatsapp, viber is far more useable and more stable than this app. search a word in conversation cannot work. notifying users even the message is already sent. notifying user after 4 hours of sent message. disappearing emoji/sticker/gif tab. 2014-2016 messenger is far more better than the today's version of the app.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
830,kailey,"January 30, 2023",ive used this app for a very long time and I loved using ut but lately its been not working well. i don't get any text notifications half the time until i open the app and i only get a notification when i miss a call rather than getting a notification when my phone should be ringing. i dont know how to fix this problem. it also just glitches out half the time and my messenger screen goes half black if i am on a call when i try to go into chat.,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
831,Joe Vieira,"February 12, 2023",I've had this app for a while now. Now it won't send texts. But yet it will let me receive messages and lete video chat. But it won't send messages. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it. Still can't send messages. Someone please help,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
832,KhrazyMe Deco,"January 30, 2023","lately some of my messages are late and redundant even I've already seen them it will always appear in the notification again, I don't use any battery saver whatsoever and my messenger is locked to be always on but somehow messages are late, sometimes even calls have bugs like when someone called you earlier it will repeat itself and call you again later by its own even that person is not calling you, additional suggestion is it should have the same status even on diff phones w/ same account.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
833,Cristian,"February 10, 2023","Get rid of chat bubbles. they always minimize when I hit ""send"". they're so impossible to navigate. having to open the app just to make a bubble is so extra. Chat heads are far superior",0,1,Messenger
834,Riya Mongar,"January 7, 2023","I said this before and I'm still going to say this because the app didn't perform any changes even after getting reviews, the new emoji are not loading even after updating the app, the screen freezes and becomes unable to scroll up or down, while playing a video the video suddenly disappears and a line just forms above the home buttons idk if this review will even be read but since it's your duty please fix this.",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
835,Melinda Kratzer,"February 13, 2023",I no longer get a notifications when someone messages me. Everything is turned on and I've restarted my phone. Very frustrating when I use it sometimes for work,0,1,Messenger
836,Shiela Mae Navida,"February 12, 2023",Update: 2/12/23 It doesnt open at all in my phone. Its been 24hrs. Same cases happening only in the same unit xiaomi redmi note 8. The updates are too big. Not very helpful. This eats up more memory than the the pictures in my gallery.,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
837,Amna Annie,"February 11, 2023",The app doesnt load and takes too much time for connection. App continues to show notifications even when there are no new messages.. delivering of messages also takes alot of time !! Worst ever !!!,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
838,sunflrixs,"February 19, 2023","This app used to be the best when coming to call someone and it wouldn't glitch , but now even the themes most of them don't load , when you try to put a gallery background in a video call it doesn't work , when I share screen it doesn't work , lags out my phone specially when I open camera and do something else or open share screen , I sometimes don't receive calls, themes don't load (my friend put the our places theme but I don't have it and it doesn't load, minimise gets big and lags my phone",0,3,Messenger
839,Joselito Jabiñar,"February 14, 2023",couldn't open it ever since i woke up. it said that the app isn't responding. a lot of messages are sent and received late because of that and i couldn't download any files without the mess app.,0,1,Messenger
840,Angela Barrett,"February 10, 2023",I'm having trouble replying to messages that anyone send to me. It comes up with. Couldn't send. IVE sent in several report on it. Still not fixed. I've open a new Facebook. Still same thing,0,2,Messenger
841,Pauline Malibiran,"January 24, 2023",The photo crop feature is still messed up. And i receive chats much later than ever! :) What's worse is that calls arent even ringing anymore i receive them 10 mins after as a missed call already. I experimented a little deleted all my other messenger apps on my devices except one and I just kept one person's chats open to see if I miss some chats and voila! No notification of it ringing just straight up missed call and a bunch of late messages. It's been hell using this app.,147 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
842,Maritza ZB,"December 5, 2022","I like the app well enough there are a few fixes needed but others have already given those out. I would love to see an option for being able to type a message and send it out at a later time and date. I have friends in different time zones and it would be nice to not disturb them while they are getting some sleep. Would be nice to have a send later both time and date option. Thanks 🌹💃 It would be nice to be able to change font size and color, still waiting on the send text later option 😢☺️",369 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
843,Crisland Apelo,"February 17, 2023","Buggy as it's finest. The new messenger bugs constantly, the notifications pop up after a couple of hours and its start showing loading screen even the connection is fine. please fix it ASAP.",0,2,Messenger
844,Kayl Romero,"December 20, 2022","There's a bug that keeps on annoying me. I can't change my username(profile link). Everytime I click the save button, a message will pop saying that there was an unexpected error and it is recommending me to try it later. But the problem is even though I clear cache, update the app and restart my phone, it still doesn't work.",17 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
845,Roshell Millares,"February 2, 2023","This app is getting worst. I have to open the app just to check if theres a new message because it's not even notifying. Sometimes i can't see all the messages esp those old messages, it just keep on loading even if i have an internet.",0,1,Messenger
846,Caleb Dueck,"January 24, 2023","Features are inconsistent. I use marketplace frequently and sometimes the app allows you to mark listing as pending, sometimes it doesn't. Same goes for rating customers and sellers, requesting ratings, reporting people etc Please bring back these features and make them functional. Also, I have recently been getting notifications for messages I have already read and responded to.",0,2,Messenger
847,Nicholas Lambert,"February 10, 2023",Works but has bugs now. When sharing videos it just randomly picks whatever video it wants us to watch. It does not allow the other person to watch the video. Please fix.,0,1,Messenger
848,Iulia Dobos,"February 14, 2023",It's been a couple of weeks now since I stopped getting notifications. I also receive the messages with a delay of even hours in the app as opposed to using Web. This is becoming useless,0,1,Messenger
849,Joe Gifford,"February 18, 2023",I did an update 3 or 4 days ago. The app on its own deleted/hid older messages from my view. One user I found on my restricted list ( which Ivdid not do. Others I had to search their names then the messages reappeared. One I am still trying to find. Please contact me to help me resolve. Thanks,0,1,Messenger
850,Belle Army,"February 8, 2023","It was really a great app especially it helps me communicate with others about my studies and school updates... I would love it more if I can easily watch videos stored in 'View media, files and links'.",1 person found this review helpful,4,Messenger
851,Lynn Faircloth,"February 13, 2023","This app used to be a 10/10 but now it's like a 2/10. Messages aren't popping up anymore it keeps glitching, videos won't load so I can't watch them when sent to me, and it's just overall gone down hill!",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
852,Mr Masked,"February 9, 2023","For some time now I have been facing many problems using messenger. Sometimes it stops working, sometimes chat can't be opened, sometimes videos can't be viewed, videos keep loading despite better internet connection. Please solve all the problems very soon.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
853,Brandy W,"January 31, 2023","New Update causing lots of problems. I no longer get notifications no matter what I try to do to fix it, chat heads don't work anymore (haven't for a while now) and I no longer get a number on the app shortcut for new messages.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
854,Pink Ribbon,"February 13, 2023",I can't use my Messenger for days now. Not working everytime I open it. Done uninstalling and installing it several times but same error (only white screen). Hope to receive help from you to fix it. Will update my review once the bug is fix.,0,1,Messenger
855,Callie Hicks,"February 13, 2023",I usually don't have an issue. But updated it and ever since I've been having a problem seening my notifications on my screen and my conversation won't load and it also send hours later. I don't understand please fix this,0,3,Messenger
856,Zane Aviastre,"February 18, 2023","i dont like when having an audio call there's two names on it, u can remove the name on the top. or uhm put some uniqueness in it. also, idk why ny emojies are smaller than the text, pls figure it out. thanks. WE ARE HOPING FOR BETTER UPDATES ❤",0,2,Messenger
857,Annie M,"January 25, 2023","Recent update is causing issues. Since the last update my phone does not alert or ring when a video call comes in. Yes, my notifications are turned on in the app and yes my phone is set up to receive those notifications, but no it never rings and now my family I calling my phone every time they try to reach me because don't get the calls!!! Please fix this!",31 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
858,Desdemona lucy,"February 15, 2023",I can give this zero star I would. I have 2 problems with this update. Aright first of all I when I update the app to the latest the story options (right beside the activities tab i believe) is missing it only re appears when I reinstall or clear data which is a big hassle for me. Now second is i can't backread again even though I'm searching for the specific word on the chat it wont show -_-# cmmon team pls fix it asap it's quite bothersome.,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
859,Heather Martell,"February 12, 2023",I love using this app but now I'm not even getting notifications that a friend has responded. This is really frustrating as I use this app for reminders as I babysit and dogsit. My ride usually messages me to let me know when they are on the way. I had Uninstalled the app and checked all the notifications spots that allow notifications to come through,0,1,Messenger
860,Pia Burgos,"February 10, 2023","Since the latest update, I cannot open messenger. Only a blank white screen would appear even after waiting for 15 mins or more for the app to load. I already tried uninstalling and re-installing, rebooting the device, clear data, and force stop. Fix this asap 😠😠😠",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
861,Mina Mikhail,"January 16, 2023","You guys really need to fix the app. Anytime I am sharing my screen, it's always black and cuts out the call sometimes. This is very aggravating and the app always gives me a hard time. And anytime I want to delete a message, it doesn't delete. You really need to fix these glitches. Me and my friend are trying to watch a movie and you guys are doing this. One star for always giving me a hard time. 👎",681 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
862,Eanna Mae Alberto,"January 30, 2023","I like the new update I can finally see the shared links, files and media, however I'm having a hard time searching for the voice messages within the conversation, I would like to see/suggest a new update, where I can search for a voicemail using the date and time within the conversation with a specific person. SHARED MEDIA, FILES, LINKS it would be perfect to add VOICEMAILS ☺️ Ps. I just put one star to get attention from the developer, I hope you'll consider my request",7 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
863,Radu Codreanu,"January 25, 2023","Samsung Galaxy S20 FE 5G - Android 13 - can't share anything in messenger because I get error message ""Something went wrong! Please try again later"". Every single time. I've already tried clearing cache, updating, clearing data, uninstall, reinstall, all the reboots in between. Even sharing from within the app doesn't work for 600+kb mp4 file. Basically renders the app almost worthless for me hence 1 star rating.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
864,James P,"January 13, 2023","Not receiving notifications for new messages just like the a lot of users have said. Considering the only purpose of the app is messaging, surprised how this hasn't been fixed sooner as it's been happening for a while. Developers, put a shift in and sort it out..",0,1,Messenger
865,Katy Schaffer,"February 17, 2023","They app used to be great now it's garbage. My chats don't show up, I don't get notifications and now when I tag someone in a post it goes to their messenger. I have restarted my phone multiple times and uninstalled and reinstalled the app and nothing is working.",0,2,Messenger
866,ZRQWI MSTPHA,"February 10, 2023","When i first installed this app it was very good and useful the only problem was the app would not let me send any vid. everytime i send a vid it would just freeze there when i decided to uninstall the app cause i thought it would fix it whe i installed it again the app just got worst for me everytime i open the app it wouldnt let me in and it would just say ""app isnt responding"" thats where it started to piss me off every time. i tried reinstall it but it still wouldnt work so yeah F this app",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
867,Himel Haider Emu,"February 5, 2023","I am really very disappointed now! I never give any bad review about any apps even if I face a lot of problems.But,this time i can't hold back.I have been using messenger for 5-6year's, and faced a lot of problems but in the end i recover them or wait for the authority to fix it.But, today almost for 1 hour i am trying to log in my messenger account,but they say ""Something went wrong,please try again"".I tried a lot,also updated messenger,uninstall & again install it.Still didn't work.pls fix it",0,1,Messenger
868,Emily Click,"November 27, 2022","Slow to deliver. Photo edit sucks, especially crop which is never lined up properly with the photo. Bubble does come up most of the time. It's a tiny square in the middle of the screen instead of full screen like it used to be. I've had 4 phones, all different brands and ages so I know it not my phone doing it. As much money as Facebook takes in you'd think they could afford a decent product that actually works. All around just an aggravation.","1,804 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
869,Chloe Phair,"February 14, 2023","Still not recieving notifications that I've gotten a message, I've checked app settings and chat settings and all are turned on. It's been like this since before I posted my initial review 3 months ago with no resolution.",198 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
870,GUERRERO ALEXA E.,"February 9, 2023","please and I mean PLEASE fix the bugs, I keep STRUGGLING because of them. Not only do these bugs annoy me but because of the fact that they can't go away annoys me even more!! Messenger can you please fix your bugs like when typing in a gc it wont send your msg or that the emojis are android and doesnt have the new ones. Begging you one last time, please fix these.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
871,DarkDragon,"February 1, 2023","I would talk on the messenger call app and either me or the person I'm talking to would ""call"" again but neither of us would do so. It's kinda scary. It happened after the latest update and I wish to go back to one of the earlier updates because of this glitch. It scares the hell out of me and my friend. Oh and sometimes calls won't go through!!! FIX THIS!!!!!",25 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
872,rachel swinehart,"January 28, 2023",This app sucks anymore. I can receive messages but I can't send them back out!. 95% percent of my clients get ahold of me through this app unless they already had my telephone number. I have tried EVERYTHING to fix it and when you try to file a complaint you never hear from ANYONE.,0,1,Messenger
873,tehya maddan,"February 23, 2023","takes forever to load pictures or videos when every other app works perfectly fine, it refuses to unsend messages from chats and will leave them in the chat",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
874,Erica Schallenberg,"February 16, 2023",For about 2 months now when I open a video sent to me in messenger it brings me to other videos unrelated to the video I was sent to watch. Nonstop resetting everything and checking for updates and none of it works.,0,1,Messenger
875,Md Niajul Hasan,"February 13, 2023","Suddenly, App stop working on my xaiomi phone. I tried several ways like restart phone, reinstalling app, nothing is working 😔. I can only see the launching icon then the app freezes 🙂. Hope it will solve soon.",0,1,Messenger
876,Cristina A.,"February 13, 2023","I am not receiving notifications, and bubbles turn off out of nowhere. When the bubbles turn off, i can only see last message someone sent, instead of all the latest ones.",0,1,Messenger
877,Princess M,"February 20, 2023",It wasn't as good as it was before the updates..I can't get any new messages unless I open the app...it gets really annoying especially if I'm waiting for an important announcement or message ..I seriously hope they would fix this first instead of focusing on new features Update: INSTEAD OF FOCUSING ON NEW FEATUREA TRY FIXING THE BUGS ON THIS APP....IT TAKES FOREVER TO LOAD AND MY MESSAGES AREN'T BEING SENT.😤,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
878,Mark Whitehead,"February 20, 2023","Facebook notifications are incredibly intrusive. It used to notify just messages, but recently it's started giving notifications linked to Facebook which are massively annoying, not impressed.",0,1,Messenger
879,Inkflo Chez Inkflo,"February 14, 2023","Since the last update, my android phone can't access Messenger despite having tried all of the suggested tips. I even uninstalled it and reinstalled it but still no joy opening it. Still ok on my MacBook. So annoying.",0,1,Messenger
880,S.S. Apu,"January 17, 2023","In a conversation, whenever reply to a attachment type message which was shared from Facebook, can't see the replied attachment. It works before appropriately. But now reply works perfect only on sent photo, video, text, link. Also whenever minimize the Messenger app, it can't stay to the scrolled position of a conversation.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
881,Chris M,"February 8, 2023","What the hell has been going on with this app, taking forever to send anything, even a basic message, photos not loading, notifications severely delayed, etc. Yes I've been updating the app",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
882,Zampoulakis Iraklis,"January 19, 2023","1) For the past 3 months whenever I receive a new message it doesnt seem as unread (blackened) thereby I often see it much later. I cant even mark a message as unread to blacken it. 2) I hate when the popping sound comes before the notification appears and sometimes it doesnt ring the notification at all Please, I have no intentions to change messenger app at the moment. Fix it yet!!",11 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
883,Melody De Carlo,"February 3, 2023","I have been having issues sending videos to my friends for months now. I sent reports after reports and my videos still wont send. It doesnt matter what wifi im on, if im on my data or that all my updates are done.",0,1,Messenger
884,Thria Amry Jamila,"December 20, 2022","Will continue to use it. But I can't see what people are replying to and there is a certain problem when watching videos through chatheads. And right now my chathead at the top right corner of my screen, blocking my ""post"" button. I can't move it. If I try to, I would only be faced with something. I can't explain it. But please fix this.",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
885,Mina William,"February 8, 2023","Used to be an excellent app. However, lately I've been blocked from sending messages to my own account as I use Messenger as an organizer or send myself notes or news links. It really sucks, everytime I send even 2 messages to my own account, I get blocked for 3 days. It's insane.",0,1,Messenger
886,Cathy Courtenay,"January 13, 2023","If its possible to give a 0 star rating I simply would... ever since the most recent update, marketplace messages are unaccessible from the app itself, these messages are seen on the notification and even the app badge shows I have messages kn marketplace but whenever I try to access these messages from the app, it just displays a black blank screen and nothing happens afterwards.... Please get a hold of yourselves and fix this annoying bug asap!!! Thanks",28 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
887,Tracey McH,"February 13, 2023",The app has become much slower and more problematic in the last 6 months. I answer calls and it keeps ringing. Won't show notifications anymore.,0,1,Messenger
888,Kelz Little,"January 26, 2023","Yall need to fix the video chat bugs my calls keep getting dropped and I can't even call out sometimes. Phone won't even ring just automatically says missed call,it's frustrating me very much. I've updated the app my permissions are allowed so what's the deal. I've filed two technical problem complaints",15 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
889,so amazing,"February 11, 2023",Notification sounds only work through the headset.....All my message notifications are set to sound but I hear nothing unless my headset is plugged in. I currently updated to the latest version of messenger and still the sound output isn't fixed.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
890,Adham Walid Mosa,"February 5, 2023",cool app! but i would like it to have an frintprint unlock option(just like whatsapp) [EDIT] I Got Ignored Very Expected But At Least Add The Ability For Us To Change The Messanger Ringtone and Make It The Same As My Phone's Defult Ringtone At Least Add This One (gone From 5 Stars to 4 stars)[EDIT] Not Even a response (gone from 4 stars to 3 stars),19 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
891,Alexandra Tardif,"February 11, 2023","keeps bugging since I did the update... I can't see new messages, sent or received, I only see them after closing and reopening the app like 10 times... notifications are always super late.",0,1,Messenger
892,Eric Greer,"January 2, 2023","The last month or so has been awful. During video calls the entire app will freeze up (except for the video feed) and not show any functions, such as hanging up. The same goes for when you answer a call from a locked phone.",6 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
893,M thao,"February 17, 2023","Nothing ever loads in this app. No pictures, videos, links, voice memos. It takes forever to load. Takes forever to send and forever to receive anything.",0,1,Messenger
894,Michael Bolton,"December 12, 2022","Calling function is one of the most unstable calling features ever. The amount of dropped calls is crazy! The messaging portion works pretty good though. Since it is a messaging app, and not a calling app I'll give it 3 stars. Edit: search function doesn't let me scroll and rarely works",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
895,R Price,"January 29, 2023",Update 1/28/2023. The app is still deleting messages. There is still no tech support. Is there another messenger app to use with FB. Update 11/2022. Now my messages are missing. There is no way to contact anyone for help. This is a huge private issue.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
896,Emprinyx,"February 15, 2023","Can't open in Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 properly I just can't open it properly and it crashes every few hours and needed to redownload a old version and repeat the process. Newer version that came from wouldn't even work at all, truly disappointing how progressively worse this app can get",0,1,Messenger
897,Lisa George,"January 28, 2023","Fix this asap!!!! I have contacted through the fault several times. My messages WONT highlight when I receive a new message, it's like I have read it. This is so frustrating I never know if I have a message or not",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
898,simon batchelor,"February 8, 2023","Push notifications *still* aren't working properly on Xiaomi devices (feb 23 2023). Either device isn't compatible or messenger Devs are useless. No other app has this issue.. You have to open app to see notifications, making it pretty pointless. Incompetent. Now over 8 weeks since it broke. Devs, if you need help recreating - shout",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
899,Raul Lazarte,"February 11, 2023","I can't do the ""search in conversation"" mode, it only appear black page if I click the searched message. Poor quality of update with nonsense things. Please fix these problems ASAP!",0,1,Messenger
900,James Lyons,"February 14, 2023",Once again 4 days another update. No features have been added!!! What is in these updates TRANSPARENCY NOW !!! Using DuckDuckgo And Tracking Blocker for months. In that time messenger had never updated. Now I've turned off the tracker and I'm getting DAILY UPDATES WAY TOO MANY DAILY UPDATES ALL INTENDED TO GET YOUR ADVERTISING DATA NOT TO IMPROVE THE APP. META HAS NO MORALS!!!. Get your act together write your code correctly the first time!!!,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
901,E K,"February 19, 2023","Absolute Garbage with the sign in process. Logs me out, auto-switches account, doesn't take my password. Also, it randomly turns notifications off... Overall garbage app for such a large business.",0,1,Messenger
902,I am Edwin,"December 17, 2022","It works, but I don't get to hear the notification sound for Messenger unless I turn on my system sound. Those are two separate sounds on Android phones, and I turn off my system sounds at all times. All my other messaging apps alarms under notification sound. Why is this one different?",11 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
903,Siomai Rice,"February 7, 2023","Can't opem videos even tho my net. was stable, it always says something went wrong. And the sended photos are blurred. Chat heads doesn't work and its notification. Can't silent the restricted accounts messages.",0,1,Messenger
904,Courtney Ruppe,"January 27, 2023","This app is so subpar now. I like the idea of separating message categories, but now I don't even get notifications from marketplace. The messages from groups are in the messages for marketplace, message requests, and archive, so I don't get those either. Many of the groups chats ate clustered together, too.",0,2,Messenger
905,Sam Echo,"December 7, 2022","There is a bug when I close the application while on call ( I usually do that to hangup calls), but even after closing the call is still running and I find out later I've been on call without knowing it. Close means close. Otherwise rename it to minimize or send to background. It is completely closed not even running in the background but somehow the call is ON and I have to open the app again and go to the conversation with whom I initiated the call so that I can hangup the call.",5 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
906,A Google user,"January 28, 2023","Since the new updates this week, we constantly get notifications for old messages. I've uninstalled, re-installed, restarted phones, force stopped, and nothing stops it from happening! Time for me to just remove it.",70 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
907,Faye,"January 29, 2023","It happens more frequently now on my messenger, that it just suddenly stopped and won't function anymore, cant type ,can't open messages ...I can't do nothing... I need to restart my phone and again same thing happens. I am wondering if there will be some updates settings, but seems like it is how it is. Please do action for this.",0,1,Messenger
908,Nisa Keene,"January 8, 2023","The app worked great until the last update, and now I don't get any message notifications unless I open the app and then they all come in at once. I have the setting turned on and all permissions allowed. Reporting the bug hasn't helped at all the last month.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
909,Maryetaaa,"February 10, 2023","All good. But may I suggest a ""pin a contact"" feature? Like pin a specific person so we don't have to scroll down so long to find the one we want to message? Thank you. I love your app. It helped me with communication with my friends and families.",26 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
910,Shia Faith,"February 16, 2023",i don't like this update AT ALL. I don't receive messages for about an hour! And whenever i send a message it doesn't send immediately like others. And there is alot of bugs to!!! Pls fix it!!!,0,2,Messenger
911,Jed Gabinete,"January 24, 2023","Notifications arrive at least one minute late, and this is not even the worst part. I started to get the bug where I can't send anything to any group chats at all so I tried uninstalling and reinstalling it. This then opened up a new problem where the app won't even open.",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
912,Joyce Napalan,"January 30, 2023","After the latest update, i cant see if the messages are been read already or not. Also, even if i havent read the messages, it automatically says that i seen it already. Also, when ever i view videos that my friends sent me, messenger hangs or while watching videos then friend sent message, the video hangs or messenger crashes",23 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
913,Hertz Pants,"February 20, 2023","Hate it, whenever I'm in a video chat with my friends my HUD keeps disappearing. Whatever it is, fix it already I've been having this problem for a year now. I'm not sure if this my device is the problem or the app itself.",0,1,Messenger
914,shaunn phillipe,"January 26, 2023","I enjoyed the app my whole life, that's how I usually communicate. The fact here is that I do not enjoy the constant updates that always interrupts my conversations, it's really annoying as well that the app bugs and lags even though I have a consistent internet connection.",0,2,Messenger
915,Shantanu,"February 9, 2023","Few hours back I updated fb messenger, after that it is not responding. Earlier it was running very smoothly. I cleared the cache and uninstalled it. After reinstalling my problem doesn't got solved, still it is not responding and opening.",0,1,Messenger
916,VeryUncool Guyman,"February 2, 2023",It's weird but out of nowhere videos being sent to me open different videos. I click on the video and a whole different video opens up. Restarted phone and made sure software up to date.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
917,Scott Neulist,"February 9, 2023","Poor experience. Photos show up as ""Sent a photo."" meanwhile it shows up fine in a browser. Updates are constantly hiding things in obscure menus such as marketplace messagers.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
918,Pork Huntt,"December 20, 2022",Keeps Deletes everything iv typed when swapping between apps. Of course it does. Fix it. This is the worst thing bug or new feature. Can't type anything than swap tab or minimise or do anything but finish said message or its gone. Why do you keep making your app worse? Just stop doing anything as that's better than whatever you're trying to do. Still can't believe you removed the scroll up to missed messages. Now.you have to try figure out what you missed using dates and times. Scroll bug still,245 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
919,Kendall Sramek,"January 30, 2023","When I search for terms in conversations, the rest of the conversation won't load, and this used to not be an issue. The search feature would me so much more helpful if it went back to loading the rest of the conversation.",3 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
920,Adrienne Hayes,"December 31, 2022","Ever since the last update, I no longer have the ability to send photos within a conversation. I have to go to the home screen to upload a photo and then choose who to send it to. Please change it back. This is super cumbersome. There are plenty of free tutorials on UX across the web since you apparently have lost your mind in this regard. Update: it's better now! Thank you!",119 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
921,Jessica Clubb,"December 12, 2022",I never leave reviews but I'm so frustrated with the messenger app right now it's ridiculous. It's always been my main source of communication with my mother and we use the voice recording to communicate. Every time I listen to one I have to completely back out of the app close it down and go back in it in order to be able to play the next one. I'm about ready to uninstall and start using something else.,9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
922,Lawrence Denvir,"December 23, 2022","Worked great for ten years and now it won't notify me at all whenever someone messages, whenever they call, just having to constantly click on the app to check if anyone needs me. Will be switching to Whatsapp if this continues, I just want to archive my chat threads for memories. It's a messaging service, you need to be able to see that you've got messages",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
923,David k.,"January 16, 2023",Terrible experience. Messenger no longer does the bubble when using it. I must go into the app and find my messages. when i go to the market place section it is completely blank. All the messages i receive from market place are going into my personal messages. I have uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and it still doesnt work on my google pixel 6 pro. Bot practical at all,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
924,Leonora Almagro,"January 5, 2023","Whenever I'm trying to log in my account, it's always saying ""Wrong credentials"" or ""incorrect password"" although I'm pretty sure that I entered the right email and password. So annoying. If only there's an alternative app that is way better than messenger, I would definitely download it.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
925,Soro,"January 6, 2023","App is generally fine, but sometimes it closes as I'm using it and I am unable to open it again for about a minute. It sometimes says the app is updating, but I turned auto updates off so I don't know why it would ignore that setting/permission. It makes me wonder what other permissions the app ignores. EDIT: still random unwanted updates and messages that refuse to go through properly",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
926,Hannah Sharples,"December 11, 2022","Pointless. Messages say they have been sent but they are never delivered to the person! It takes hours before a message someone has sent me to turn up in my inbox, you have to physically open the app to see it. No notifications! Absolute rubbish.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
927,MELANIE FOSTER-SMITH,"January 4, 2023","It always crashes, locking me out, often weeks at a time. I don't get notifications. The work account is totally unreliable and the personal one doesn't display if people are online or receiving my messages. Please fix it and make it good like it was in yesteryear!!",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
928,Lauren Marriott,"December 19, 2022","I don't know whats going on with this app. I'm a Samsung user and for the past month or so the chat head option has been glitching loads. I will open a chat and the chat will display blank until I close the app and reload it, which defeats the point. The search in conversation function barely works anymore as when you use it, messenger responds by either crashing or performing poorly for hours after.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
929,Valeria Morgan,"December 26, 2022","All of a sudden Im not getting video calls thru on my phone app. It'll tell me after the fact that I missed a call & ding for notification, but it wont ring while someone is actually calling. Im seeing that it seems alot of people are having the same issue. This needs to be fixed ASAP! its very frustrating that I cant get & answer calls lately.",9 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
930,Christen Peery,"December 23, 2022",I only get notifications half the time and I have made sure my phone notifications is on. Also when I'm messaging someone it says they last was in hours ago when they are currently messaging me. Or it will say they are on when they are not. When in call with someone the audio breaks up constantly. Please fix these bugs.,9 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
931,Charlene Anne Simbulan,"December 22, 2022","Lagging, always says ""no internet connection"", when answering calls it always keeps on ending call by itself. So difficult to send messages, the notifications aren't accurate when it notifies, it's always delayed. The messages are also delayed when receiving them. Hate the new updates, it causes a lot of bugs.",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
932,Cath Mcgrigor,"December 31, 2022","Two friends and I blocked each other after a misunderstanding. We have since all unblocked each other, but now we cannot use Messenger to chat to each other. We have to use the sub-standard 'Messenger' function on instagram which doesn't function well, either. We would like our Messenger accounts fixed so that we can use it with full functionality again.",30 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
933,Mary Dixon,"January 6, 2023","Not happy at all. My husband and I have been trying to remove a group on messenger that was accidently archived and it is a group that he left. No matter how many times we have tried to leave the group again, then delete it, it comes right back. We even unarchived it, and did the same steps over again and still, it comes right back in the archived messages. We have contacted the technical support and everything, and still NOTHING. So tired of getting no results and it still being there.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
934,Dillon Valente,"January 18, 2023",Latest update has messed something up. Now it doesn't even notify me when calls are coming. I can literally be on my phone and still miss a call because nothing pops up on my screen. I only notice after when there is a notification saying I missed a call. It's really frustrating,41 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
935,Alicia Smith,"December 11, 2022",Great application. You are able to call with or without FaceTime. I haven't dropped any calls. You can delete the conversations if you need to. It alerts your phone when you receive a message or a call. I love using this app. You can use this application with just wifi instead of using your cell phone data.,305 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
936,Callix Atienza,"January 21, 2023","The app overall is great i've been using it for almost 4 year's now but i've also been experiencing some problems like conversation's failing to load, just being really slow, the search in conversation feature not working properly and still not being able to load/download high quality video's. It has also been making me download and re-download the app because of problems signing in after i switch accounts so please for the love of god just fix the app.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
937,Cheryzze Narciso,"January 22, 2023","Very buggy. It just blackens out, constant no internet connection even if you have internet connection, some features are not available with other device, messages doesn't show notifications, app crashes with opening vidoes sent at times. It's very annoying. Please fix.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
938,Mona Nyman,"January 9, 2023","I don't know what happened, but now, no matter what I do, I can't see anyone who's active at all (even though my active status is on) I've watched numerous YouTube videos, done Google searches, uninstalled and reinstalled the app, nothing works. Please fix whatever's wrong because it's very frustrating.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
939,Nheil Alex Walog,"December 19, 2022","The app crashed last week and i deleted and downloaded it, when i went through my chat i noticed that some emojis was missing especially the new ones (if you know what i mean) i tried to wait for a few days and even sent a report but there was no changes from the app, the emojis are still missing and there is no feedback yet... Please fix this bug, i can't fully express my thoughts without those emojis!!!!",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
940,Cats Forever,"January 17, 2023","What ticks me off is the effing blue dot/arrow. I can accidentally delete everything I'm writing so easily! You can't even touch it or scroll through what you've written without it lighting up! When I want to copy and paste I will touch it and hold it and then the blue light can light up!! Until then, leave it off!!",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
941,Viktor Hollósi,"December 6, 2022","Since chat heads had disappeared and bubbles came, this app is unreliable: 1. Bubbles doesn't work properly, like if I select someone to add as a bubble it disappears instead 2. Bubbles show incoming messages even if there is no new message (because I had already red them) 3. If I want to add emojis by selecting the emoji list, the half of the app becomes black I just miss the old version with chat heads :(",6 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
942,Gini B.,"December 12, 2022","One of the features that was handy was the payment feature. Now, when I attempt to use it it's just a blue circle, spinning endlessly. It never loads. I reach out to the all powerful Meta support...and apparently it's staffed with incompetent people who can't understand...It won't load! FIX THIS META!!!",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
943,Park jongseong's Guitar,"January 4, 2023",It's been very buggy lately. When i try to log in to my account it says something went wrong despite having good wifi connection. Sometimes i dont get notified or i get notified late when someone chats me. Also a new problem that I've encountered was the fact that when im trying to search in one of my conversations it doesnt load. Please fix this it's annoying when I have to scroll up everytime I try to find it,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
944,Malini D. Coopamah,"January 6, 2023","Bold for unread msgs not available for any non-default display font. Have had a notification for an unread message request for months now. Checked the desktop messenger on a laptop and phone in desktop view, archived chats, spam. Cleared cache. Reinstalled the app and still it won't go away. There is no VISIBLE unread message request. There needs to be a way/filter to pull unread messages. Also, in the past, emojis have caused this issue and probably still do. Please fix it. TY.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
945,Leanne Farrer,"December 7, 2022","Missed tons of messages as I'm not receiving any notifications whatsoever- haven't for quite some time now. I hate appearing ignorant of people and a lot of these messages are usually important, no good to anyone if I can't respond when necessary! (And yes, all notification bars are toggled on in settings). To the peeps at Messenger asking us to review your app; We are reviewing, we're doing our bit. The least you can do is return the favour.",7 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
946,Alvin Dubpaleg,"January 17, 2023","I have so many awful experiences in this app but I'll give it 4 since you are the only communication app that is easy to use for me and I'll give it 5 if you can let me change the theme with our own pictures in gallery phone since I really don't like your themes especially the midnight one, I waited for that so long and you just give me a plain one, so please do that. Thank you for your service, keep it up!😍",3 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
947,Dezerae Johnson,"January 14, 2023",Sick of the constant demanding updates or else messenger either doesn't load or just stops working. Now the app glitches with the bubble pop up and even within the app. I advise no one have any important conversations as you're not likely to know when you get a new message due to the glitching. I'd stop using entirely if I could.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
948,Ryan Amamangpang,"December 30, 2022",You guys removed the ignore messages instead you changed it with restrict which is terrible! Not only that but everyone i've chatted with is automatically connected to my messenger unlike before that I have an option to remove unwanted people in my contact list. It is very annoying to see people online in the list when you dont want to do anything with them.,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
949,Ashley Castillo,"January 4, 2023",I used to love messenger for all my messages. Now it always freezes my phone up. Whenever I have the app open even if it's running in the background. I have even had 3 different phones with tons of memory and it made no difference. It's been years and many different phones always with the same results.,6 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
950,Anthony Kennedy,"January 1, 2023","I'm getting sick and tired of unread messages popping up on Facebook and I go and check on Messenger and I don't have any unread messages. This happens a lot. I even updated Facebook, messenger didn't need to be updated and I even reset my phone and it still says I have unread messages. I would give a zero stars if it was possible, because of how constantly it happens",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
951,Katelyn Wheeler,"December 22, 2022","I've been using Messenger for about 5 years. It's been pretty good, a little buggy at times, but mostly a great way to message people. The new update makes it difficult to tell which conversations have been opened and which ones I haven't read yet, no bold text for unopened messages. Please fix!",34 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
952,Maurene Stinson,"January 7, 2023","As of today 1/6/2023, it's doing it again....I installed app went to open it and it threw up a box saying app keeps stopping close app or send feedback. Im uninstalling and reinstalling now, if that doesn't fix problem then I'm done with messenger. I've had to do this about a year ago. C'mon Facebook get it together or go back to access without app through Facebook.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
953,Rap STAR,"January 18, 2023","It has a lot of insane bugs right now. I have been use this app all over the year but this time it can't show the users are clearly online or not. I keeps showing online and I stay in the app for a bit, then it shows again that the users are offline for about an hour or 30 mins. That bugs is the worst bugs ever. Plz fix this ASAP!!! and video player bug too! I really hope you guys saw my comment.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
954,Dexter Nuñez,"January 9, 2023","When a document is sent, a few days later it becomes unavailable. Please fix this. Also, pls. add an option where we can send documents directly instead of gdrive link for more convenience. Telegram has tons of features you can adapt.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
955,Kendra Scroggins,"January 11, 2023","Love messenger. Easy to communicate with your loved ones even if they live far away. Plus there is Facebook Pay, which is awesome. Sometimes it messes up and won't let you send or receive any money but that is to make sure there isn't anyone trying to hack your account or any fraud going on. Even though it gets annoying sometimes, I do understand the procedure and why they do it.",102 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
956,Arisu,"December 22, 2022","It's useful and all but I don't get a notification when someone messages me. I have to open the app to check but yet I restricted someone and I'm still getting a notification. It's so annoying 😑 Edit: nvrmind, I'll give you 1 star bc this app makes me angry. I can't sort out messages by date, it takes forever to scroll on old messages, and even if I search for the message, it doesn't scroll any further. It just tells me something's wrong. This is BS😠",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
957,Jade Gray,"January 9, 2023","Horrible. This new update has too many bugs. Videos make me have to reload the entire app or it freezes, i get my messages HOURS late, I cant click the ""i"" to access the search option, and its no longer notifies me of ongoing group calls. Ridiculous. Fix the issues already!! there are so many complaints about the same thing!!",10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
958,The Alienated System,"December 27, 2022","I have been using this app for over 4 years now, it's been my main way of communicating with friends and family. However very recently it's been running absolutely terribly. It used to be perfectly fine but now it's incredibly slow, messages sometimes get lost, sometimes I can't open chats, sometimes it crashes so much I have to restart it and sometimes it says I'm banned from chats that I'm not banned from and I have to keep refreshing. Quite ridiculous. Please fix this. Used to be the best.",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
959,Erik Rapoport,"January 9, 2023","This app worked fine on my old phone, calls and video were always a hit or miss situation, but that's not a big deal. However, i just bought a new phone and now i can't open messenger from FB main app. Like marketplace or sharing something with my friends. It's really annoying",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
960,Mary Cristine Monares,"December 18, 2022","It keeps on crashing. I have to close the app for about 3 times before it work properly. There were times that I'm not receiving any message/call for a few days. When I reinstalled the app, it's when the messages/missed calls were coming in.",12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
961,Ryder Airlie-Blundon,"December 21, 2022","Formerly great, currently hot garbage on a humid summer day. Can't send photos or videos without constant errors, no real work around or alternative either. Formerly worked but it has been turned in to spaghetti code so there's no way of knowing if the app will behave when it updates.",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
962,Mya DeCoud,"December 10, 2022","Search in conversation feature hasn't worked for me in awhile and it's such an inconvenience when I'm trying to easily find important things! This used to be an amazing feature and would make trying to remember or find things so easy! When I search in my conversation with messenger it'll say ""something went wrong please try again"" I've updated, cleared cache, force stopped, uninstalled, and reinstalled. Nothing's worked!! Please fix this!!!",8 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
963,Papa Pia,"December 28, 2022",I have a fun experience using this app but I hope the developers would think about letting people delete their shared videos photos etc. In their media files and links icon. I hope they would also improve their performance in delivering their services as most of the time messenger usually hang and crash on different devices even if devices have a. Higher capability,7 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
964,Conner Lirette,"January 11, 2023","Wish I could give this app 0 stars. As of a week or two ago push notifications stopped working. I have to open the app every time to see if I received any notifications, was going crazy changing settings trying to fix it until I read reviews on here and multiple people are experiencing the same issue.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
965,Biff Bird,"December 7, 2022","The new bubbles are awful. They don't stay open and they only open when new messages come in instead of being able to open the bubble manually. Update: Bubbles no longer work at all now. They are enabled in the app and in Android, I've tried reinstalling, nothing seems to fix them",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
966,Q THERESURRECTION,"December 14, 2022","The bubbles were terribly, TERRIBLY ANNOYING. It appears in themiddle of the screen, updates super super slow. We would really appreciate if there could be an option where it could be turned back to chat heads or something. Update: 12-04-2022 Still bubbles. And still hate them. And also, why does it says my friends are Active Now when really they are not looking from facebook lite and msgr lite.",31 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
967,Jen Estacio,"January 12, 2023","YOUR IMPROVEMENTS ARE GOING BACKWARDS While chatting on CHATHEADS, it pops out and all the message I typed in there get lost EVERY TIME. Also, before the recent updates, we can reply to a certain attachment/audio message and know which one was it but now you have to TAKE A WILD GUESS which of the attachments the one you are conversing with replied to. YOU'RE BETTER THAN THIS! PLS FIX THIS ASAP.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
968,Nee Nee,"January 13, 2023","It went from being a really good app to a pain to use. I don't get notification sound I've checked all settings everything is on, chat bubbles don't show chat when I click it. I have to get in the app what's the point of the bubble?. I used to be able to read the conversation from above and below after searching in conversation but I can't do that now either. Most of the time search in conversation don't even work. And now I can't even share tiktoks to my story.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
969,Dhana,"January 24, 2023","It was a great app, but now that they added more features it can't function well anymore. It have different bugs you can experience like you will no sound notification even though it is on, another is it show something like ""no conenction"" even though I am 100% connected in our internet, hope you can fix it.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
970,Geeky Otaku,"January 24, 2023",Messenger isn't loading old messages anymore. I used to love this app to keep track of old conversations and easily look them back up with a keyword. Now it isn't working as it did before and finding previous conversations with friends and family is impossible. Please fix this bug!,59 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
971,Lorelei Walker,"December 14, 2022",I use messenger a lot - both for personal and selling purposes. This update is awful for sellers on Marketplace. All of my marketplace messages have been automatically moved into a whole separate chat screen. It doesn't show Unread message notifications on the marketplace messages either. It makes it REALLY hard to be a credible seller when you aren't notified about messages. I feel like this is a bug and should be fixed ASAP.,11 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
972,Ago Althea,"December 27, 2022","After i updated my messenger app it did not function properly. When I'm making vc to my friends and relatives i can't end the call if i need to and i can't use chatheads while in call. Very bad experience, lag and i can't access the mute and unmute when i wanted to. Pls fix those problems. If you can't fix those problems i will uninstall my messenger and replace it with the other app.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
973,Jolieanne,"December 1, 2022","Not sure what they have done in the update but it's gone to 💩. It's become quite frustrating to use as I don't get notified on new messages (nothing to do with my notification settings, I have already checked) and also new messages show up as if there have been already opened so it's hard to know when I have received new messages. This has become an inconvenience as I use FB marketplace to advertise my business and now I'm unaware of when I receive any new messages from new customers/orders",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
974,Erica,"December 12, 2022","Unable to look back at chat history. I have been facing this issue since October and force to reinstall to look back at prev conversation. Every time when I search back the previous chat, this app unable to show the conversation or get stuck. This is very inconvenient as it does not allow us to trace back what happened in the past especially some important msg. Kindly fix the issue. But overall the call quality, emoji, nickname, theme and other features are all well",7 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
975,Trail Seeker,"December 12, 2022","Two major negatives for me. First one, bring back the red button, that ends the call, to the bottom of the screen. It is very incovenient where it is right now. Secondly, bring back the back button where it was. Again where it is now, at the upper left side, is not good.",6 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
976,KID Cyber,"January 1, 2023","If I could give zero stars I would. This app is garbage; it doesn't notify you when you're messaged, it crashes every time you use background apps, and it only allows you to send short videos and only certain links. It's completely ridiculous, WOULD NOT RECOMEND.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
977,Sky J,"January 21, 2023","Messenger has been lagging constantly I cannot scroll up to view previous messages anymore, I receive notification after I saw the message in question. The worse of it all, everytime someone replies to a voice recording, I cannot see what they replied to like before. It just doesn't show anymore. Messenger got worse over the years! Please fix these issues! January 21st 2023. Make it like WhatsApp where you can leave the chat while listening to the voice recording without any interruptions.",96 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
978,John Louie Abenir,"December 23, 2022","The new Updates sucks, it does not allow you to back read messages easily. I trying to back read in order to look for an important message and it just hangs repeatedly and hangs, it isn't supposed to happen after all my phone is quite when come to processing but that was absolute rubbish.",7 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
979,Nathan Britter,"January 13, 2023","There is so many constant issues with this app. Mainly to do with Facebook Markeplace and the constant problems. Currently I cannot access my Marketplace messages , they just do not appear. There needs to be a separate app created for marketplace as combining the two mesaages fails everyday. Sort it out !!",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
980,Krys Pawluk (Krystina),"December 27, 2022",Glitchy. Terrible connections and calls 90% of the time. I Don't receive notifications even when I change them multiple times. And now just trying to see a notification it opened up a random side window? Since when does it open half sized chat screens in the background? Meta is going downhill...,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
981,Sabrina Smrity,"December 28, 2022","Messenger is my main platform for online communication because using it for contacting is really easy & practical. Unfortunately, I experience some technical problems from time to time: 1) Sometimes the app freezes, 2) Preventing me from reacting to messages, 3) Can't tell to what messages we are replying, 4) Sometimes messages can't be sent or just be vanished etc etc. Please fix the problems as soon as possible.....",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
982,crizzamae manreal,"December 29, 2022",To whom it may concern: I'd like to request regarding with the next update of messenger app to please allow an option for the previews of possible chats to be customized/removed or allow the user to select the chats to be displayed depending on their preferred contacts cause it's quite annoying to see those persons I don't regularly converse with. Badly needed. Thanks!,12 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
983,Bridget Long,"January 11, 2023",It's terrible! No voice comprehension. The mic cuts off in 2 seconds if you pause & I am not talking about hitting the pause button. Can you please at the least fix that? It's irritating as hell to talk and see that the mic hasn't recorded anything but the first word!!,0,2,Messenger
984,J Moore,"December 13, 2022","Can't stand the update..messages notifications do not work at all...only way I know if I have any messages is if I open the App...and then it still takes about 10 seconds for any ""new"" message to pop up....sometimes I have 3 or 4 different people that have sent me multiple messages wondering why I haven't replied..and it's because I never knew they even sent me multiple messages. Kind of pointless if you ask me.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
985,Adrienne S,"January 13, 2023",No notifications unless I got and click on the app to look for any. And now it's not showing any messages in my marketplace tab when I know I have some. Can't even correspond with someone I'm selling to. This app has been wonky for a couple months now. So frustrating. Please fix!!,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
986,Dillon H,"January 7, 2023","Notifications appearing before actual messages ""in app"" making it so you can respond to messages before you can ""see"" then. Direct upload videos seem to break the app. Also previous text entry's seem to linger in the text bat after they are sent when you jump back into the app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
987,Google Paskyra,"January 14, 2023",It's ok'ish. Basic functions work. Sometimes breaks. Very intrusive. Doesn't allow me to open links. Forces me to use in built browser. If there were alternatives I would recommend to stay away. But because meta doesn't even allow you to read messages without even installing this. No other choice,4 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
988,Jimsy Genove,"January 13, 2023","This app keeps on crashing regardless of what type of phone I use. It updates without prior notice, and just crashes out of the blue. It's so annoying. If only there is other ways/apps that out country mainly communicate, for sure this app would lose users. 😒",0,1,Messenger
989,P I X E L A T E D S O U L S,"December 17, 2022","I don't know if anyone is also experiencing this same issue with me. This bug has been making it complicated for me to send videos/pictures on myself or to others the dialogue said ""a security check is required to procreed"" I have no idea why the devs just wanted to add this feature so therefore they should remove it because this has done nothing good for us users.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
990,Meyeisha Dris,"December 5, 2022","Execuse me but does my phone have a virus or the app is just not working. It just keeps on doing a loading screen and its very annoying please fix this bug, or whatever this problem is. I know I can still use FBlite but i really am not used to that app. Please fix this as soon as possible or might aswell get a feedback on whats happening to this app. 💀",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
991,Tylar White,"December 2, 2022","This app has never done me wrong. The only thing that I don't like about it now is that when my message is read by the recipient, it doesn't tell the actual time it was read, it tells the time that it was sent even if it was say 20+mins prior. If it were to show the actual ""live time""it was read, I would change my rating from 4 ⭐ to 5 ⭐",12 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
992,William Thomas,"January 18, 2023","Yea you are still my primary digital Messenger, but you constantly have issues, always have to load Facebook in a web browser to clear new message icons when there are none, and now Message notifications seem to have stopped working completely unless I manually check it, tested on two different brand phones and have cleared cache and rebooted handset no app updates available, so FB up to the usual antics of breaking features.",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
993,mercureal,"January 13, 2023","Terrible and super uncomfortable app. It's not even funny. You have your chat opened and there is an emoji button, which ultra sensitive and insta sending. Everyday i see people accidentally sending this emoji for no reason. The search in dialog is terrible, it can navigate 100+ messages away from the message with the word I'm looking for. 250 people group limit is also fun, there is no other app with limited amount of people in group. I hope people will more and more switch to other apps.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
994,Amin Guermazi,"January 1, 2023","If it was 10 years ago I would've said it's excellent. But today with the apparency of many alternative apps, this one is the most featureless of them all (discord, whatsapp...). That without mentioning countless bugs that take months to be fixed. I'm just obliged to use it because everyone in my country does. And this review will be ignored like everytime...",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
995,Katlyn Wooddell,"January 5, 2023","Update 1.4.23: Still not receiving messages properly from a good number of people and the one person I do get messages for, I only get notified HALF the time, if that, when he messages me. This issue seriously needs fixed! || Update 12.8.22: Updated my app yesterday cause I wasn't getting notifications and I thought that might help. Nope. I'm still not receiving notifications for when I get a message from someone.","5,500 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
996,Anushka,"January 19, 2023","The app has now started lagging.It doesn't work as the way it use to before. . The story archive section dosenot work at all . There are a lot of issues being faced, I am unable to view the previous chats and images. It just doesn't scroll , directly comes to the last chats.. It needs to be fixed",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
997,Heather S,"December 4, 2022","It does this glitch these days where it says no one is online and I have to refresh it a million times before it acts right and shows me who is actually online and who has actually read my messages. Super frustrating as this glitch eliminates all the reasons to use this app over others, such as seeing if your message has even gone through or not, or has been read. There's better communication apps out there.",7 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
998,Mod nifecent,"January 17, 2023",Who ever came up with the idea to split and tuck the marketplace options way up in the corner and harder to gain acces too over the simple one touch in front. This -1 star is for you. May you stub your pinky toes daily. Just when you thought the app couldsnt get any more useless to use and less user friendly. Bam. Instant down grade. Cant and wont change my mind. Honestly can be that hard to make a flowing simple app thats not trying to pound a square peg in a round hole. 🤷🏽‍♂️ CHANGE IT BACK!,24 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
999,Anita Szabo,"December 21, 2022","Latest design is awful. Whoever decided the button should be on the top of the screen in right corner to end a call - you are wrong. I used to have problems before with voice calls where the mic stopped working when the screen gone out, that was bad enough.",6 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1000,Hope Haycock,"January 25, 2023","This app is awful- especially the last 3 months. Currently I'm getting notifications for messages I opened HOURS ago- over and over again. Before that I couldn't open my messages without getting a ""something went wrong"" message and opening it again. If it's not one thing it's another. Why is something as simple as a messenger app never working ?",7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1001,Nasif Ali,"January 9, 2023",The stories section in my app is empty. So its either my 663 friends have stopped posting stories all of a sudden or the app isn't showing me any stories anymore. I think the later one is more likely. I hope you guys fix this bug in your next app update. Thank you!!!,22 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1002,Barbara Edwards,"January 4, 2023","When I get a message the bubble appears but new messages aren't bold anymore, so if I swipe away the bubble I have no idea which messages are unread. This is very frustrating as I use messenger a lot for charity work and am now missing a lot of unread messages. Please fix this bug!!",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1003,Diana Nix,"December 24, 2022","I have the hardest time with this one. Most of the time, it doesn't notify you at all, unless the app is open. Then, when you connect it to WiFi, it gives you every notification from the last time you opened the app. 50 bings at once. I have to use it for work... Galaxy Z Fold 3 T-Mobile.",97 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1004,Luke LaValle,"January 6, 2023","They added the ability to send messages to and from Instagram, but did not enable the capability to actually watch videos or reels. This feature is completely useless until they fix this (as is typical for Facebook, all their apps seem to be deteriorating).",14 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1005,Wendy Mclean,"December 17, 2022","Don't know what you guys and gals done but not all the chat history with people loads anymore. Don't even see FB marketplace in the chat list any longer. It only goes so far, then shows a refresh icon which doesn't do anything. It was fine till someone messed with it. Makes me think it was a man's doing. If it's not broke they will take it apart anyhow, then they can't put it back together. Why must you need with something when it works? Geeze.",12 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1006,Giselle Ann Carrillo,"December 21, 2022",Im having trouble seeing my friends stories in the app after my friend used her account to log in on my phone. Even the icons above the chats doesn't show up but before even if my accounts active button is off the icons show. My own stories doesnt show up. I've tried restarting and clearing the apps data but still it didn't go back to normal.,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1007,Maciej Opasinski,"December 28, 2022","1. Why there is no option to rewind voice messages? It's available in browser version. Same goes for videos. 2. Bring back links preview for Europe. 3. Why there is no option to send files like pdf via apk? Again, it's available in browser. 4. Bring back Chat heads! Bubbles suck on Android 11. 5. Recording voice messages doesn't work.","1,466 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1008,Adrian N. Ricabuerta,"December 26, 2022","This latest update has sometimes delayed notifications even though I've already read the message the chathead will still pop at the top of my screen and it is annoying sometimes especially when I play online games. Also the technical problem like downloading pdf files sometimes it doesn't download and I keep on Clearing the App storage so that I can download it, pls fix this",49 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1009,Rachel Delaney,"January 11, 2023","12/2022: app won't notify me of messages unless I keep a chat head open. 11/2022: Search feature in conversations won't load. The query results populate, but clicking on one just blanks the screen out rather than pull up the query preview conversation. 8/2022: App keeps asking to add contacts and then won't load. Resolved 2019: Every time I swipe to reply, I can't scroll or react to anything. I have to close the app and open it again. Resolved",6 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1010,Rose Wilkinson,"January 22, 2023","I'm trying to sell things on facebook marketplace and now the messages for the ads aren't showing up in the list at all. First they were showing up as separate messages, then they were under a ""marketplace"" message folder, now they have disappeared completely. I have 2 people asking about an item and I can't open their messages to respond",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1011,Dariese Marche Garcia,"January 11, 2023","it's great, but whenever i look at old messages, it always doesn't load more... the top or bottom. i can only see a few messages. It always says I'm having trouble, but my internet is fine. when i delete it, and redownload it, it works fine. But the next day, it would be the same again! please fix this.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1012,Nan,"December 28, 2022",I hate that one bug that you have to close your app and open it again so that you can access to the video/picture sent to you. Also please add an option where you can change the UI from Data mode to free mode. Thanksツ,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1013,Anthony Debruyn,"December 7, 2022","Could you please show more of the ""Recent"" chats in the sharing window? It shows only 2 recent chats and 999 irrelevant suggested chats. Secondly, the camera feature takes 1s to take the picture after I push the button on my Pixel 3A. Meaning I need to stay still to avoid a blurry picture. Thank you!",12 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1014,Aischa Parker,"December 4, 2022","This app is such an invasion of privacy is freaking UnReal!! -Automatic ,UnRequested, Access to turn on your camera,!! What the fk for?? -Un notifing access to your photos gallery and able to copy / delete /whatever it likes to your saved shots! What the fk for? Etc Etc etc. Constantly want to up date for actions already available",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1015,Kiara Visteralle,"December 20, 2022","This app just gets worse with each update. You'd think they'd learn to fix their issues after how many updates. Chat bubbles have been a mess for months now on my phone, with notifications unchecking themselves or not receiving any. Now they're opening up by themselves and either giving no notification or refusing to uncheck it.",138 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1016,Vans Gonzales,"January 11, 2023","PLAYING VIDEOS SENT BY FRIENDS BUG. When I play a video sent by my friends it will never smoothly play that video. Bugs will occur everytime like black screen, transparent screen with the player UI and audio, the UI is still seen even I exited my chat heads. The bugs are annoying and is making this app less of what is suppose to do ""COMMUNICATE"".",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1017,Giovanni Bufalini-Balla,"December 23, 2022","The best thing about this app is that it connects to Facebook and marketplace. Searching through older messages is a hassle. Video chat consistency needs work. My biggest gripe right now is that the privacy function of turning active status off is basically useless. I still get my green ""active now"" dot when I'm online according to my wife despite me having that turned off for privacy reasons.",27 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1018,Daniel Ribeiro,"January 19, 2023",Didn't have an issue until messenger started putting all my portrait photos in landscape mode. It's becoming increasingly infuriating having to manually rotate them. This is an app issue since I've ruled out hardware issues and this doesn't happen on WhatsApp. Will up my rating once it's fixed,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1019,DJ,"January 11, 2023","They took out the in app games, the in app features, and the video call screenshot button. They keep removing features to the point where there's no difference between this and the light version. Better off with Google Messages at this point.",21 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1020,"Millado, Ma.Steffany T.","December 10, 2022","I can't backread my old messages like 2 years ago, it always says that ""Something went wrong. Please try again later"" I want to read all my old messages from the beginning of the conversation but it can't scroll up anymore. I tried other devices but same thing will happened. It is sad and frustrating because I can't read some important and memorable messages again. I hope it will be fix.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1021,Adrian Iserhoff,"December 9, 2022","For the past few weeks now, notifications for new messages take up to an hour or more to come in. On some occasions, it's not until I open Messenger that I find hours-old messages that I'm not notified about. On other occasions, I've received notifications for messages that I've already opened. Even after giving Messenger unrestricted background access and battery use, I continue to not receive sometimes vital notifications. My review stays at 1 star until this issue is fixed.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1022,Damjan Čule,"December 17, 2022","This app went to drains lately. First and most important thing: notifications. Sometimes I get none, sometimes I get just a pop without notification or bubble showing up. And sometimes I only get one without sound. or vibration even though my phine is not silenced. Another one is seen time. For some time now no matter when the recipient has seen the message it always marks it as seen at the exact time it was sent. It has been like that through multiple updates both on Android 12 and 13",7 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1023,usagimuni,"December 6, 2022","Back then it won't let people edit the photos, now the search bar isn't working properly. The messages won't load when I click on the message I searched, then it won't open again unless the app is restarted. But even if restarted, the same happens.",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1024,Ajoy,"January 6, 2023","Why is even small size photos and videos are compressed heavily to the point you can't even see anything clearly in a video when shared? Video quality is completely ruined. It's all only blurred images. I understand compression for larger files. But for files within 20mb, it seems unreasonable. Please fix this asap.",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1025,Mellisa Alamag,"January 10, 2023","Files should be easier to send. Espescially in mobile. I suggest that we can input it other than video, audio and picture. It's a hassle to go to the laptop, open messenger and send the file when u can use your own messenger on your phone to send it but it's hard, and has no button for it.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1026,Scatterbrain Clemons,"December 4, 2022","Messenger used to be one of the best social media chat apps around until meta bought it , since they took over this app is junk it doesn't work half the time it freezes up real bad and it's slower than I've ever seen it. Also it's gotten to where it won't send my messages to anyone it's like I'm blocked but I'm not blocked by anyone. Unless meta does a lot of major changes and fix all the issues with messenger soon I suggest anyone looking for a reliable app for chatting to look elsewhere.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1027,Heath Ledger,"December 13, 2022",Chat heads don't work right they need to go back the way they were were you can see everyone in your chat head selection and not just the most recent one. Use to be able to see anyone you were friends with and now I can't even get chat heads to open unless it wants to pop up out of the blue once in a blue moon. Chat heads need to go back to the way they were.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1028,Alex Williams,"January 20, 2023","There is a WEIRD glitch going on with this app, where it acts like someone is clicking around at the top of the screen... So when I'm trying to message someone, it constantly flips over to there profile or calls them... As if someone is clicking the icons at the top of the screen o.O",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1029,Romela M. B.,"January 16, 2023","-Shows ""No internet connection"" even though my data is on or I'm on WiFi. -A chat head pops out showing I've received a new message but when I open it, it's just blank. -No longer shows the exact time your message was seen by someone, it just shows that it was seen on the same time that you sent it which is not right.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1030,Sherley Toth-Buecher,"January 21, 2023","Ok it's now the 17th still not working!!! Will you people please address this!! It won't load messages, it is updated. It's been glitchy for months now but it won't load them at all now. Something went wrong error, try again error over and ove. I see I'm not the only one. I loved this app when it worked Please fix it. Jan 23rd. Still not working. SMS seems to be the issue. Even after an update 2 days ago. PLEASE fix this app!!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1031,Faye,"January 5, 2023",thank you for adding a feature where we can pin messages. i hope messenger also adds a feature where we can search messages according to dates and go to specific messages thru pictures just like in telegram. i also wish the messages would load quickly when searching for specific messages. telegram has better features and stickers while snapchat has better avatars.,16 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1032,Claudia Bird,"December 4, 2022",Consistently won't allow me to watch videos sent to me by family and friends. They always either buffer forever or go black and ask me to try again later never to work in the future. Keeps telling me someone is typing when they arent actually online. Occasionally it won't show me any messages that I sent or were sent to me in the past 2 days either. Constantly having to reinstall the app just so it works properly,7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1033,Greg Scherf,"December 31, 2022",Since latest update I have not been able to send money to any of my family or friends. No notification sounds. Glitchy. Ect. I have contacted meta and fb both said to contact the other and no one has been able to resolve my issues yet. I mean it's bad enough that this platform tracks and stores your info now it don't even want to function properly. Guess I'll need to start thinking about alternatives to what little of this app I actually used,36 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1034,Jolina Almoete,"January 18, 2023",I was fine using the messenger before because I can still send pictures and messages without data but after I updated it last week it started having errors and I'm frustrated how it's called updated when it's getting worst. Hope you take a look of what's happening with this app. We were used with the how it was before.,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1035,Antares Cam,"January 3, 2023","Galaxy S22 Ultra user, minimal notifications as I'm not seeing most of my messages until hours later when I manually open the app. Some notifications show, but maybe 1 or 2 and it stops. I'm unable to share from Facebook via messenger asks me to sign in, which I already am. Not sure what's changed, but it's far from useful at this point.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1036,Asad Akhtar,"December 3, 2022",It's good but please make it more similar to WhatsApp. For example please make it possible to delete more than one chat at a time rather than one by one. Also simplify it by making easy to delete contacts you're no longer in touch with.,24 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1037,"Clavecilla, Jodane D.","December 26, 2022","When chatheads appear, i don't see any messages, i only see the name of the person who sent it. I also tried opening the app but it still doesn't work, the messages aren't updated and when i open a convo there's no message at all!",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1038,Timothy Drake,"December 1, 2022",This app hasn't had a serious update since this past April and this year is almost over. I've had so many glitches and issues regarding notifications and messages that it isn't even funny anymore. This app needs to be fixed or maybe even completely overhauled and remade because it's just not working properly anymore.,7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1039,Tianara Hughes,"January 16, 2023","My messages won't come thru until I open the app... The bubbles disappear on their own. But now importantly my message don't even come thru when I'm on Facebook... I literally have to open the app then it's looking like I'm ignoring ppl because of this default with this app... I know they have to much money for it to continually crash the way it does,... Please fix",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1040,Jhino Pirante,"December 5, 2022",Annoying end call button. Why did you place it on the top right corner? Not user friendly. Even the notifications still popping even if you already read and opened it. Sometimes you won't get any messages until you open the app.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1041,Debbie Cousins,"January 4, 2023","Gone downhill This app has always worked fine, up until a few weeks ago, I don't get notified of messages anymore, had 2 sat there on Sunday that had been there for 3 days but I wasn't aware, luckily not over important, but it's really not the point Everything is up to date and all notifications are turned on, so I know its not me Hope you get it fixed asap",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1042,Eye of the Fractal,"December 17, 2022",I use this app because the convenience of being able to send messages to people using Facebook is very useful. But when it comes to regular sms messages this app is useless in every way but the most basic messages. I have a couple friends who I like to send gifs/images to. But I can't talk to them with Facebook chat. When I try to send a gif or image that works fine in chat the app always says it's too large. Which is insane because the gif I sent was 1.5 mb! Seriously!?,8 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1043,MΛSTΞR ΛRCHIVΞ,"January 3, 2023","it's decent, but I have 2 accounts, 1 for family 1 for friends, switching between both can sometimes create lags which I'll have to ""log in"" again, but it'll stay on a black screen, so I'll have to delete it and redownload it. aside from that, it's good to communicate!",5 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1044,Nicckie 0712,"December 30, 2022","Everytime you update the app to ""make it better"" you end up making it buggier. Also, in comparison with Apple, Android has way more problems I think. This app has been around for so long already, and I don't get why it still doesn't perform well on Android.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1045,Love Languages,"December 26, 2022",Bug. Tried to uninstall and reinstall but same issue. Loading forever and whenever I try to switch accounts. It says logging out and session expired all the time even though it was auto saved info already. I needed to manually login everytime. It sucks. Waste of time,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1046,Dawserdoos Grahamcracker,"December 5, 2022","Oh my Christ. You can't send anything but photos, and basic text. FB Pay won't accept my cards, and PayPal charges an absurd fee. There's STILL A SEPERATE APP FOR MESSAGING ON FACEBOOK. I mean, there jist simply isn't anything FB offers me that every other messaging system I've seen not only offer, but accomplish the tasks WAY better. I mean, I guess it's above SMS 😑🙄",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1047,Grace Velasquez,"January 3, 2023","The app was working fine until one day, the unread messages were not in bold anymore, so I'm having a hard time figuring which messages are unread. Tried uninstalling/re-installing but nothing changed. I hope this can be fixed ASAP.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1048,Veronica Weiss,"January 19, 2023",There is something wrong with this app. It's giving me problems. I was trying to send photos to my friends and it won't let me. It's also not letting me send regular messages. Something is acting up when I have good internet. So I deleted the app and re-download it to see if that worked. All my messages are deleted. It won't even let me send new message. Wth? Nothing is working. All my messages are deleted and I can't send new ones? Fix this! I have friends I need to talk to!,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1049,Noimie Panis,"December 22, 2022","This is mostly the platform I use to chat my friends. However, I've started to experience a lot of bugs (freezing when I react to messages, can't see recently sent messages, a lot of lag etc.) Hopefully it will be fixed soon.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1050,Angel Marie Rama,"December 19, 2022","Rating 2 stars. Messenger is my main communication platform online. This is where we share and exchange photos and important files. But due to the latest update, me and my classmates are having a hard time to search for files and photos sent. Not just my classmates but my friends and family. Since we chat everyday, files and photos will of course be buried by text messages. Although the pin button is a good update, it's also useless without the button.",49 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1051,Ema,"January 24, 2023",This app just got the worst. It shows me notifications of messages that I've not only read but also replied to! Again messages take too much time to get sent. The images shared by someone; individually or in a group are always blur. Seriously disappointed.,344 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1052,Lazaros Kesoglou (macrolaz),"December 8, 2022","They sent me msgs and I don't receive them. I have to open the app to see the msgs. Uninstall the app, install it again, and it works fine. But this is not a solution. You should fix the bug. Also, you should release a wearable version for android. I can't talk from my smart watch, only to hang up the call and read and text msgs.",7 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1053,Javier Banuelos,"December 12, 2022","Used to be great. Main issue was with an update that made it so that I can't tap on the + icon to add any of my messenger friends. Instead only shows the ones I've recently chatted with, and won't even open those half the time. I wish I could install a previous version",7 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1054,Claden A,"January 14, 2023","It was the best chatting app in everything, but with each update it just gets worse. 1-Delay in recieving messages in the headchat. 2-it cant get me to the message replyed on if its only alittle far. 3-if i opened the headchat then closed it or just touch the headchat, the phone delays in returning the touches to whats behind the chat. 4-sometimes just casually changes profile pictures of my friends to older ones on its own. 5-camera sometimes just black ""Samsung a22""",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1055,Jean Leisher,"January 10, 2023","The app keeps having errors. I get notifications but when I click on the chat head, it says error and try again. My string of messages disappear, they come through out of order and it's completely frustrating trying to use it at all.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1056,Nikki C,"January 11, 2023","I no longer receive notifications of messages, 90% of my messages don't send in a timely manner anymore, and it over all just doesn't work like it used to. Messenger used to be my preferred method of contacting my friends and family, but it has become so unreliable that I'm seeking other apps to use instead.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1057,Just Chry,"December 26, 2022",it was good when i first got the app. great even. now its a mess. ive uninstalled reinstalled i dont know how many times to try and fix this and its just gotten worse. its beyond frustrating to deal with. its always had problems with its updating and now since the last one i feel like im stuck. its the only form of facebook i really use meaning id have no way to connect with my coworkers or friends without cell phone numbers so i have to keep using it. but its awful. please fix it soon.,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1058,Cassandra Weeks,"January 13, 2023","It's a great app, but fix the new update! I click on marketplace messages, cause I have a message, but when it goes to those messages the list is completely empty. Even old messages. Just a black screen.",15 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1059,Julien Bilalte,"December 11, 2022","Bugged to the core. Gifs especially get broken over and over, then fixed, then broken again in an upcoming update. App sometimes says ""can't reply to this conversation"" when sending gifs for no apparent reason. Other tims a gif search that worked fine the previous day shows a wall of blank image placeholders... I'm seriously fed up with this piece of garbage.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1060,Cody Ramsbottom,"January 17, 2023","Notifications are sporadic, half the time I don't even get any. Features are frequently buggy. Sometimes messages disappear until you restart the app. This is created by a billion dollar company, get it together.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1061,Tattiana Anderson,"December 15, 2022","Facebook, y'all are REALLY messing up with this update or whatever you did. I no longer am notified of when a message is ACTUALLY sent to me! The time stamps are all wrong and the activity status is inaccurate constantly! I also have had issues not that long ago with the search bar in chat because whenever I try to scroll it will not load! GET YOUR 💩 together!",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1062,Sheila Dizon,"January 23, 2023","Always encountered problem,before it's difficult in receiving a call or make a call. Now.sending outgoing message to all friends display couldn't be send in red.everytime i uninstalled and installed after few minutes of using still not fixed. so difficult to use this Messenger now a days..before is ok but suddenly became like this.so disappointed with this app.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1063,Herandi Caro,"December 28, 2022","Buggy, stories appear whenever the app feels like, cannot multi-select to delete and/or archive simultaneously, it has adds, it doesn't let people who see your stories but are not on your contact list/friends. A disaster, yet, for some reason, people in general use Facebook to communicatenin Puerto Rico😒",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1064,Myke E,"December 18, 2022",New Android call UI after the update is garbage. Why do I have to click into 3 sub menus just to switch to Bluetooth or speaker on a call. Previous update it was right there as a main call ui feature. Whatever ape brain put it behind submenus should be fired. (Lowering to 1 star because they put the sub menu button right next to the end call button in the top right of the screen. When it had previously been very bottom middle.) Again please fire this UI designer and whoever approved.,7 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1065,Lisa Arizmendi,"December 11, 2022",Issues with contact being blocked even though settings does not show them blocked. Not on blocked list and not happening with all contacts. The message I getting is as follows: Free Msg: Unable to send message - Message Blocking is active. Anyone have a fix for this ? Frustrating when you can not text family members.,6 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1066,Holy_ Senpai,"January 24, 2023","Has a lot of bugs specially now. blurred emote, receiving messages that doesn't actually shown. looks like it's a delay but it's not. as the message that arrive is way back more than a month. If that's not then missing emote and emote shown to be an X mark for some reason. Overall it's the worst experience I've ever had since 2022",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1067,"DE PEDRO, ALVIN T.","December 28, 2022","I do not receive any type of pop up whenever I receive messages. Though my notifications and chat heads are on, I still do not get any pop ups unless I restart the app or whatever. Please fix this issue as soon as possible. It is quite excrutiating 😤",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1068,Lin Kuei Dragon,"December 7, 2022","No one really talks to me, so I don't use this app much, but I hate the fact most of the emojis got removed in the most recent update, including the fox (🦊) and duck (🦆) emojis. I rarely use emojis though, so this isn't a big issue. Also, I hate the fact that majority of themes, including really good ones, are only for limited time. Especially the Space Jam one. I get the sequel flopped, but at least keep the theme.",12 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1069,DEMAREAL CRUZ,"January 10, 2023","I don't know why it's so buggy recently, I have internet connection but it still says connecting even though I tried multiple times to restart my wifi, and reboot my phone. The worse thing recently is when all the bugs is happening, I tried to reinstall the app but all it showed me afterwards is a white freaking screen and it didn't revert back to normal after 5 reinstalls 🤦",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1070,Kevin Wolff,"January 24, 2023","Insanely buggy - Bubbles stopped showing even after dumping cache and reinstalling, checking permissions, etc. Only lasts for 5min before breaking again. Notifications for old messages continue to pop up as if they are new, and you can no longer bulk archive or delete. Every single thread requires a long press and tap to clear.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1071,Neeraja Vinze,"January 14, 2023",Overall app is gud. But we cannot see the exact time when a message has been read by the other person. Moreover audios/videos received cannot be saved. Pls add these features to make it more user friendly.,3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1072,Stephanie Solomon,"December 7, 2022","Lately Mines been acting up? Won't let me click on previous messages I replied to, sometimes doesn't let my messages load for a long time and it doesn't send after?? Currently im trying to search a convo I had a whike back with a friend but it the search doesn't go past November or October messages??? When I do jump to a message I searched it won't let me see the whole convo I'm just stuck on that part where I searched???? There's also some other issues etc. I've triedreinstalling nothingworks.",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1073,PRESCIOUS BECERIL,"December 8, 2022","this app is very useful to call/chat my abroad aunt/uncle. but I have a problem, even if I mute the notification of the gc or chat will still show up, it always said ""waiting for network connection"" when we have a stable wifi. edit:I just updated the app and now what, the messages are gone. ok so another edit: the messages went back I'm glad, but I'll still give it 4 stars",10 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1074,Abu Baraa,"December 4, 2022","This app used to be good but recently it is going to be full of bugs... it didn't show me active people, very slow, notifications errors, late notifications. It blocks some features until you update it. I do not recommend to use this app at all.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1075,Rachel Trumpie,"December 12, 2022","When it works it works, but if I get a notification that a friend has shared a story they automatically pull up the story bubble...I personally don't give a 💩 about the stories so I have that setting supposedly off, yet I still get ones. So on my phone I just click ""hide story"" then the story bubble goes away, but on my tablet it stays to the point I uninstall and reinstall only to be told that I have yet another story then it stays until I close the chat heads then open them again 🤦🏽‍♀️",12 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1076,Chris P,"December 15, 2022","Despite its countless other major flaws, it just won't stop notifying me for entire discussions I've had on my desktop browser. Yes, thank you for 22 rings on my phone for things I've already seen and responded to. Thank you for notifying me for things seconds after I have already reacted to them. Do the developers even use the app? edit: Another one is why do I need a separate notification for every single thing that has been posted in a single discussion. One is not enough? Mind boggling.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1077,Blaine Ericson,"December 15, 2022",I don't like that I cannot uninstall this app and even though I have it set to not allow any updates automatically it still updates automatically. Other than that it has improved a lot since it's initial release and is now a solid instant messaging app.,10 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1078,JChrisA,"January 17, 2023","A terrible app. Unable to send a group text. I tried to uninstall but still can't send a group text. Downloaded the Facebook and Messenger apps but they screwed up my home screen so I uninstalled both apps. Messenger has screwed up the original text app. No STARS. NO STARS. NO STARS. Received message, ""No APN specified on this device"" Been waiting on phone for over an hour to talk w/ Google support. Facebook and Messenger create more chaos than their potential benefit. You've been warned. 0 STAR",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1079,Jenny McConnell,"January 19, 2023","Although I still do, it is FAR more annoying than it used to be. Chat Heads keep closing, no notification sound is played when I get a new message. I swear, it's almost like Zuckerberg is punishing everyone because the whole AG Meta thing didn't work. If that is the case, then he clearly needs to grow up, get mature, and fix messenger back to the way it was, instead of making it work just to spite everyone. And it's only on the phone that it's bad. On the computer, it is perfectly fine!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1080,Edjay Flores,"December 31, 2022","So I've been using this app for school work and stuff but it's been bothering me lately I can't save photos whenever i tap on the option to save it it glitches instead of it hovering up it hovers below the boarder of the screen i couldn't save any photos, it is really important for me as a student as messenger compresses photos that is sent on the app.",6 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1081,Aaron Williams,"December 3, 2022","Once a good app, currently white-hot trash. I could write a novel about the current bugs, but one of the most infuriating is that Messenger will mute an audio feed from something like Spotify for 15 seconds, but only pause the feed for 10?? EVERY TIME I get a message when I'm listening to a podcast I have to backtrack. Why? This should have been taken care of in basic, inc testing but here we are... I'm not saying the prod team has their head up their asses, but do I really need to?",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1082,Dillon Iverson,"December 25, 2022","Alright, forgiveness gone. Fix your app. For over a year now, if I were to send a video to a group, every view while watching that video will cause my phone to go into auto playing mode where the video portion of the app will not close. The only thing that fixes that issue is a full phone restart. Unacceptable. If you didn't have the brand of messenger, you would be out of business. Stop thinking as a social media company and start thinking as a customer service company. Fix problems.",198 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1083,Kerrie Baker,"January 24, 2023","Messenger won't switch between my personal pages and my business page, I have tried closing the app, restarting my phone and none of this helps. The app is fully updated. It is affecting the communication with my clients on the business page as I can't respond to them.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1084,Chassidy Howard,"December 21, 2022","Idk wth has happened to messenger but it needs to be fixed fast. Nothing is updating I've had people trying to get a hold of me for days while I'm connect to wifi and they tell me the messages take several hours to deliver. Profile picture aren't updated and sometimes the whole chat just goes black something needs to be changed and fast. I have family sending checks on me because I'm ""not responding"" to the messages they send that don't ever deliver.",6 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1085,somjit mukherjee,"January 1, 2023","This app is really good but it having problems with chat search where I can't look up something in the chat by searching neither can I scroll up too far it lags and stops sometimes it even freezes when I have to delete and reinstall the messenger for it to actually work, and no my phone isn't bad I'm using a phone that can literally run huge games smoothly, please fix these bugs they really make problems.",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1086,john elrich bulak,"January 16, 2023","The app is really good but i have a suggestion. Can you make us pin conversations because it's too tiring when you're flooded with messages, you'll have to swipe down to the message you want to reply and sometimes you'll end up replying to the wrong person. I hope you consider mu suggestion.",4 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1087,Kai Long,"January 22, 2023",App is the same app from years back and it can't prevent bs bugs like my messages being marked read as soon as someone sends me a text. Then i get no notification and the sound may or may not play. It makes no sense how all these things fail in unison.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1088,Paul Allen Cauguiran,"December 11, 2022",App is good but not great. One issue I am very annoyed about is the sent pictures that I am getting are not fully loaded or not clear at all. I've waited for several minutes and the photos just won't show in 480p or 720p.,4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1089,imololo,"December 4, 2022",All good features in this app was either removed or having a bug. literally all you can do now in this app is just messaging. no more which part of the message is unread. no more backreading in the search conversation. no more almost every good thing really.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1090,Mellow Yellow88,"January 10, 2023","N I matter how many times I reinstalled this app the voice mic 🎤 still doesn't work properly!!!.. not only does it sendput a horrible sound when I talk and it has a terrible loud e ho pitch when they try to talk to me .....NOT HAPPY 😒😤😠 I have filed more then a few ""report issues"" and STILL nothing !!! Absolutely unprofessional and ignorantly sad",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1091,Reve,"December 29, 2022","Tsk. The lag, the issues, everything. I can't see my photos nor send and its constantly crashing even though my connection is stable. Edit:: it's been a couple months and this review is staying a 1 star. I cant even log into my other accs without having to delete and reinstall because I cant access. This is pathetic",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1092,Manuel Garcia,"January 8, 2023",So I can't see past messages anymore and I don't get message notification sounds anymore either. What happened to this app? I'll give a better ratting if this gets fixed Update Down to 1 star. More errors and now the app refuses to open sometimes. Fix this app! It's the only way I can talk to my FB friends!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1093,Aabishkar Paudel,"December 2, 2022",The app used to be good. Now it's just horrible. It stucks when playing videos. The crop tool has to be used twice to get the size correct.Sometimes you can't even send messages to group chats for no particular reason. The ios version is good but the android version is worst. You guys seriously need to fix this .,9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1094,Jane Ma,"January 4, 2023","The latest update is horrible. You can't tell which messages are ""new"" anymore. They used to be bold and distinct when you hadn't read a message. Now they always all look read. All of my message history is gone. I can't see old threads that were so important to me! I was literally in tears. It's my fault for trusting the app and platform. I am so sad I did. This app is total garbage now. Facebook or this app don't have a customer care option; they really don't care or respond. Negative stars!",38 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1095,Cyrena Leverton,"January 8, 2023","Very Dissatisfied and Frustrated as so many other Messenger users... I am experiencing the same issue/issues that has been already explained.... Go to open Messenger and get ""Something went wrong. Please try again""... only way to communicate is having to use ""Search"" for each person and once a message is sent.... Not able to get notifications or review history conversations....it disappears.... Please please Fix the issue",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1096,Maryanne Anyanna,"January 10, 2023",I loved the messenger app until most of the functions starts being unfunctional especially my most fav aspect of the app...when snapping you have various bubbles to tap on to add emojis to your pictures but mine just suddenly disappeared. I've tried to update as many times as possible if they'd come back but no. I'm not happy about it. How do I get them back?,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1097,Brian DeFazio,"January 10, 2023","Despite notifications being turned on, the app never notifies me at all when a message comes in. Also, many times new messages do not show up in bold print compared to old messages so it's hard to see what's read and unread. Problems are on a Samsung Galaxy S10 plus",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1098,Narrator Idk,"January 21, 2023","I don't know why I don't get notifications when people message me, it's only when I open the app that I get notifications what's the point of an app that doesn't send notifications if you don't even know that people are messaging you in the first place?? It's extremely stressful and annoying when you open the app and only then you get notifications of messages for hours ago or even weeks, all because the notification didn't go through. And I'm not the only one, my whole family has this issue too",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1099,B Wruble,"December 21, 2022","Half a star. To clarify, most of all the videos I try to send, show as a unavailable attachment when trying to send, y'all in Facebook are messed up.. When you can't even send a video of a-z affirmations to your friends on messenger for no reason at all. Truth s looking real nice.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1100,justaweirdblonde (blondelovesbarbells),"December 27, 2022","notifications constantly not happening, miss so many messages from people. doesn't update profile pics. sometimes doesn't deliver messages for half hour, list goes on. worst app, especially considering how old facebook is now and how much money the company makes, really no excuses.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1101,J J,"December 11, 2022","This app is incredibly unstable and not functioning well... the messages that are being sent to me can be only seen/delivered only when you reply back...even if you're online or have a good internet connection, it won't show up to you unless you leave a reply It sucks especially when talking to friends is this really all you got ? More ads and less improvements ??? More bugs and crashes ??? To Meta platforms inc. You guys are too pathetic to handle an app...",137 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1102,Benjamin Gau,"December 14, 2022","Why does this app need the Phone permission in order to take a video call? Seems excessive and invasive. App is also still buggy on Surface Duo. I searched a conversation for an old message, selected it, tried reacting to it, and then my app kept rotating endlessly as long as the reaction tray was still visible.",123 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1103,Chukwuebuka Arinze,"January 14, 2023","I hate the fact that this app is falling apart and no one's doing anything about it. I can't scroll up to see my previous conversation. When I search keywords, it only shows me a handful of messages and then stops scrolling. This was a good app in its day. FIX IT!!!",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1104,Nikko Caray,"January 10, 2023","Showing online status but when I refresh it's offline. and the audio can't play easily, chat heads don't have sometimes and sometimes I can't send message even I have good internet, sometimes can't create group chats, this app is not good anymore not like before. every update the app getting worse. many bugs I encountered. sorry for 2 star.",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1105,Callum Bensemann,"January 17, 2023","Latest version is terrible. Get the pop-up for a message notification, but cannot read when clicking on the chat. Cannot view attachments, message history out of sync etc. Works fine on laptop with web, so definitely an app issue",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1106,Arie Yan,"January 18, 2023","It's a really good experience but when I'm trying to send my long paragraph for my assignment, it gets cut off due to ""word limit"" and now I have to send multiple messages and spend time to find the recent end of the last message which is so frustrating",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1107,briggs,"December 10, 2022","Recent updates made this completely unusable, notifications stopped working, chats disappearing, the English (United Kingdom) option seemingly being deleted from the app in favour of poorly spelt English (US). Messenger was already falling out of use but this is only speeding up the transition away from Facebook permanently.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1108,Joyce Ygot,"December 3, 2022","Please fix it. I've been uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Have a good connection to wifi. I can't open the messages not even click on it. The chat head pops up but that's it. I can't view the messages. Edit: Now, thanks for fixing it. I'm able to use it.",41 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1109,fatima orlando,"January 9, 2023","In bubbles the ""open in app"" button is too close to the send button and it only shows randomly so I'm always accidentally tapping it and sometimes it will make me select something on an app underneath it. The bubbles should be more so for quick, repeated access but the window is shortened and it makes it a nuisance.",16 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1110,bruek,"December 21, 2022","every update adds bugs and slows the app down, and features often get removed. Chat themes should be client-side only - other users in my group chat shouldn't be able to change how the app looks for me. App lacks support for webm & other common file formats. Replies sometimes dont show the message that was replied to, it says ""(user) replied to (user)"". facebook knows the app has been broken for years, and they have means to resources and employees to fix the app, but they refuse.",149 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1111,-Mystics_ Gamerz-,"January 18, 2023","First of. Before I delete the app it was lil bug and sending me late response, like showing picture, or someone texted me, or even call me. But when I delete the app then reinstall it. My whole conversation with my friend absolutely vanished, and when I texted one of my friends, it did send it but it doesn't let me see it",50 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1112,Ivan Joshua Elamparo,"December 2, 2022","Too many bugs, preffered the old messenger where they focused more on the quality rather than unnecessary features. Some of the bugs aren't fixed for the past 3 years, they add new features but don't fix these bugs",12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1113,That one fox,"December 4, 2022",As of late messages sent to me by friends don't show up until I open the app and some of the messages when I click the seen it says they were seen the same time I post a message; Even though I know they didn't since I cleared the cache and it actually showed when they were seen to then go right back to being glitched.,3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1114,Leah Kesler,"December 11, 2022","I would give it -5 if I could. I had to change the password on Facebook and now I can't get into messenger. I have Uninstalled, then reinstalled. Tried to open from Facebook and the app itself. It's garbage! When you try to open, it just gives me loading spin but does nothing.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1115,Ashy Marie,"January 23, 2023","The chat heads do not show up when I get messages, and the app/bubbles do not connect to actual facebook. So the messages are delayed by a lot, if I get notified at all. Please update and fix, it's getting really really annoying.",171 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1116,Rhianne Tan,"December 10, 2022","Apparently many others are experiencing this as well but I can't even log into my Facebook account to see my messages/chats. Every time I enter my password and try to log in it says ""unexpected error has occurred, please try logging in again"". I have tried going on a stronger wifi, using data, logging out and back in, restarting my phone and the app and even deleting and redownloading the app but none of my methods have worked. Please fix this",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1117,Stacey Wood,"January 21, 2023",The last update has messed up bad. I have delayed/already responded to chat coming through all the time and none of my messenger calls are coming through when made to me but I can male them? The sounds is also very sketchy and cuts out but normal phone calls don't! It's very annoying and super inconvenient. The delayed messages come through even if im not talking to that person or when someone else messages me.,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1118,Cheryl Lewis,"December 30, 2022","This app keeps repeating my lol previous sent message in the send function. In other words whatever my last sent message was it duplicates it for me to send again. Frustrating. Idk what changes were made, cuz this never used to happen but it's definitely not an improvement.",4 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1119,Meghan Hammon,"January 20, 2023",It sucks. Honestly I was able to message people earlier today and haven't been able to since. I've uninstalled and re-installed messenger app just to see my messages.. any messages I've sent aren't being received and if they are I don't know when because it's not showing them as being read.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1120,Jea Yatong,"January 19, 2023","Just a suggestion from an an avid user, for the themes of the messages can we Users edit our own choice of background? Not the one on the choices? I guess it would be very great as well. Hope you'll see this message.",1 person found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1121,Minio 7,"January 5, 2023","Quality drops lately, messages are delivered with delays, some videos aren't loaded, picture and video quality is low... I switched to other apps. I keep this only for those older friends, who will leave Messenger soon anyway too. Unistalling immediately after.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1122,Soo R,"December 22, 2022","My GOD.. Ever since FB changed to New FB the Messenger app SUCKS! Actually, FB SUCKS! Can't view my message requests, it's a stupid feature to begin with. At the top of my FB page, it says I have 9 messages in my inbox ok.. so I click on the messenger symbol and it brings me to the app.. once I sign into the app, I'm in my inbox, but no new messages.. my question is, how come it works when ur on a computer but not a cell phone..?? Ridiculous!",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1123,Elaine Renodin,"December 25, 2022",Working with this app has been incredibly tough. My Facebook account was locked because of attempts to get into my account. I lost the ability to use not only Facebook and Instagram but I can't be in contact with family and friends a distance away. People find privacy in Facebook. When something happens Facebook doesn't have people to help.,14 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1124,Troy Blank,"December 31, 2022",1. Messages don't come through most of the time unless I open the app. 2. Can't search past a certain point in old messages. 3. Would really like the mute option back. Other than that it's the most solid messenger app around.,4 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1125,toma,"January 24, 2023","So laggy. Messages won't load, touch-response is incredibly delayed, and hangs alot. Not to mention that my messages take seconds or minutes to deliver despite my internet connection being perfectly fine. Many people use this as a means to communicate, but recently all it provides is headaches because of the terrible amount of errors.",16 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1126,brennan hensley,"December 20, 2022","The last update is horrible. When looking at attachments, the new add to story button is in the absolute worst location, right where the ""back button"" is but it disappears. Constantly inadvertently adding random stuff to my story.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1127,Ashish Spt,"December 10, 2022","App is not working properly in my s22 ultra. When videocalling messenger freeze. I cannot choose to cancle or use any feature. And the video call freeze my screen. I cannot minimize, open any app.. I need other end to call the call to able to unfreeze my phone.. Hope some response and fixes soon.",24 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1128,Bayley B,"January 2, 2023","Having issues sending links or receiving links, some videos and photos. When you open the message from people all I have is a blank message. I have to delete and redownload the app to see them and upon opening messenger later on, the messages are gone again.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1129,Michael Pipes,"December 17, 2022","I have yet to take this risky decision, to go ahead with this update, and install it. The number one reason I've not updated, because the old phone I was using, I downloaded this specific update, and I'd experienced all the symptoms of what everyone is describing, in the customer reviews section. Due to the behaviors, of this certain update, and also the swiftness, of the timing of this update, all leads me to believe that, this is a very specific, very well disguised, form of malware. ⚠️.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1130,Jafar Maash,"January 11, 2023","Used to be good but periodically an update comes which ruins it. I don't get notified for my messages. Why is it that if I expand a notification it doesn't show previous messages anymore, only the most recent one? Why does the app glitch every time I open a video? Very very annoying",0,1,Messenger
1131,Lindsay Nanna,"January 11, 2023","For whatever reason with the new update, the bubbles/chat heads won't appear andni don't even realize I've gotten a message unless I happen to go into my messenger app to message someone. Also, in order to message someone, I now agave to search their name under messenger instead of clicking on the message icon on Facebook. Super frustrating! Please fix this!",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1132,Keda Byrd,"January 10, 2023","I had to remake Facebook and all recently. I had my account for 14 years straight without one issue in all that time. Logged in one day and was informed my account didn't exist. Gave it a few days and nothing changed. Went ahead and made a new one and started new. Not long after all of the people on my old account started getting messages and more from someone on MY OLD ACCOUNT. We've all reported it! Now for the second time, the account I have now has been blocked from messaging.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1133,Reiz Morales,"December 5, 2022","After the last update, unread messages dont have a bold font anymore. And the preview of the aenders name and message is on. So i dont know if the other end sees it as i already read it or not. I do like to see on the main screen if i have messages that i havent opened and read yet. So removing that bold font for unopened messages is a big no for me. I hope yoymu can fix my issue",17 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1134,Nazmul Islam,"December 22, 2022",This messanger app is daid now. It's always not responding & freeze the app ui while play a video from message. Also it is really bad for in app video calling. I think telegram is better than this app for messaging & calling. They have more & better options with fletchers than facebook messanger. Thank you.,27 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1135,Frances Whiley,"December 10, 2022","After latest update it says it cannot open it in English, try American which works but resets upon closing the app. Messages recieved literally hours after they have been sent, one was 9hours later! Videos not loading properly all the time. Used to be such a good app, what happened?",31 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1136,Jacky Allard,"January 21, 2023",I use this to message my best friend and family. I love all the features it has to offer. My favorite is being able to change the themes. It's so awesome! I've used the Stranger Things and Xmas themes recently. My family and friends have commented on them as well. They did not know it had that feature. Lol 😆.,19 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1137,John Scanlon,"January 16, 2023",Needs more functionality. The ability to organise chats into folders and mark the entire folder as do not disturb in one hit (or simply set up a rule for notifications to only show between certain hours) would be a huge plus.,3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1138,Gary Johnston,"January 11, 2023",Full of bugs. The key word search feature for older messages no longer works properly. No notification after receiving a message. Scrolling up and down messages often leads to error.,0,1,Messenger
1139,animation Aleksandrova,"January 8, 2023","Hi. I have a huge problem with my messenger. Up to now I've never had problems with it, but suddenly the app shat down and just kept loading? Even if i wait , it doesn't change. I restarted my phone + i unistalled and download the app again, but the same thing happened. I asked people around me,if they have a similar problem, but no and i don't think the problem is in my phone, cuz all of my other apps are functioning just fine. I don't know what to do and it's really frustrating.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1140,Lisa Android,"January 15, 2023","Stopped notifying me when I receive messages. Not popping up on screen to notify that i have a message, not sending notification to my watch. Missing lots of messages people have sent. Makes a very very low pop noise when message received.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1141,Shade Jay (MysteryMan91021),"January 16, 2023","The app keeps crashing on me, forcing me to uninstall and reinstall. Now that I reinstalled, I don't have access to features I used to have. This is why I don't like updating this app. It really forces you to update and as a result lose things you had before.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1142,Roosevelt McCarter,"January 14, 2023","It's a great way to Communicate with Friends and Family that remembers you. I rate this App as high as a 5 because I want to write a review and tell others what you think on Messenger. Sometimes I received an error message from Facebook Social Media. They also deleted their Account and Deactivate it right away. What should I do as far as check your Internet Connection to see if it's working? I'll have to go to the Settings and Click on the Home screen. Once it's cleared, then try again. Thanks.",254 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1143,Brett Schickram,"December 21, 2022","Terribly buggy. Bubbled convos appear halfway off screen, and sometimes open a chat with a different person entirely if you have more than one bubble active. Messages sometimes take hours to show up in the chat even though I get the notification for the message. Crashes frequently.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1144,Cristine Lumbria,"January 16, 2023","This was working fine before. But I recently experienced some errors with videos. I can't play them nor download them even when there is no problem with my internet. PS: I updated the app, it is still the same. :/ Please, fix this.",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1145,raymund libres,"December 6, 2022","The images are very blurry when someone sends one. I don't think it is because of the internet because we have a fast internet here, the connection is stable though, BUT I CAN'T READ THE TEXT, THE IMAGES ARE VERY BLURRY!!!",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1146,Benjamin Collette,"December 26, 2022","Nov 10, 2022: I can see the new messages on my phone, but I can't send messages back. Very annoying... Dec 1, 2022: Several updates later and I still can't use this thing. Awful. Messages just sit there not sending. Facebook, go fix yourself... Dec 25, everything is still broken for me. Can't send, can't load messages, can't do anything. What are you doing Facebook? Fix this...",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1147,Stephanie Loose,"January 13, 2023","Marketplace conversations are not working. I can see I have a notification, and when I go to open it, it sends me to a white screen. I have cleared the cache and uninstalled the app. It still isn't working.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1148,Nikko Revil,"December 9, 2022","It is so hard to identify if what messages or conversation you have not read yet since you remove the bold text of the unread messages. Kindly add that feature again! Also you cannot see how many messages you have missed inside the conversation or chat and we cannot redirect to the first message we've missed, you removed that as well!",6 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1149,J A,"January 21, 2023",I always uninstalling and installing it because it keeps on lagging. Sometimes I can't search in any conversation. Sometimes I can't click anything. Sometimes there is no notification of new messages. Sometimes new messages are tagged as read even though I didn't opened it.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1150,GDog 0,"December 28, 2022",Image messages lag the app horribly until it eventually crashes. And images of any kind on chat heads crash the app almost immediately. I've never had images crash any of my devices' apps in the 10 years I've been on the internet.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1151,Kita Love,"December 4, 2022","Not only are there 1000 bugs. But I'm trying to log in using my info and it claims it need to link to my Gmail account because the password isn't correct. I literally copied and pasted from the browser I created the account on. FB, Meta, etc...is always looking for a way to link to other accounts it has no business being in. You don't know how to deal with hackers. So no! You can't link to my other accounts. That's the BS that got multiple accounts/apps locked in the first place.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1152,Jainy,"December 4, 2022","At first the app is fine, i've been using this app since 2020 BUT im having a ""bug"" with this app, sometimes the screen freezes and even if i try to refresh it nothing happens, and when i try forwarding a message it doesn't send, its very ANNOYING, i hope this app fixes quickly.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1153,shan Sufyan,"January 19, 2023","After using few minutes swipe up down not working. You have to close and reopen the app to do the chat up and down. And again after some minutes it happens like it got hanged, but msgs are received and also can type but cant swipe up and dwn tha chat or conservation. Please fix the bug..its very irritating.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1154,Bryan Austin,"January 19, 2023",The default notification sound changed when I changed my phone default. That shouldn't happen. Viewing pictures full screen hides the back arrow so you can't return to the chat. 2 steps forward 1 step back every patch. 🤯,3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1155,Heather Shaw,"December 3, 2022",This app is CONSTANTLY freezing up and having issues! I am highly disappointed with its ability to perform simple functions that it was designed for. It CONSTANTLY has to be forced stopped and then the cache cleared. It is malfunctioning alot.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1156,Alonzo Vittore,"December 4, 2022","Bugs like crazy! I mean what the heck? It freezes, when I open a message it tells me it won't load it I try and go back it won't load. What really happened to this app? Like 6 months ago it was fine and it's like every update it gets worst",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1157,Nada,"December 4, 2022",Lately I've been getting notifications waaaaaay later from when I receive the message (At one time I got notified there hours after the message was sent to me). The only way for notification to work is to have the messenger app on screen. Please fix this issue it's really annoying.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1158,Wilma Carter,"December 24, 2022","The Meta Pay updated, now I can't send a payment unless requested by the other party. It just shows the Meta Pay ad to ""continue"" but it just goes to the same ad over and over. It's like and endless cycle, because if you hit back it will go through the same amount of ads you did when you hit continue.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1159,Ren Alpaca,"January 12, 2023","Latest update is so fire! Added screen share and some free movies to messenger calling, and honestly made my day. I hate mobile discord and so this really is extremely useful. You can also share Instagram posts and such, but you can't hear audio when you're screen-sharing. Overall a pretty great update I really enjoy it!!",114 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1160,Kiro Fidelino,"December 13, 2022","I can't send any messages to any group chats. Private messages seem to work fine, but sending chats, VM's, or stickers on any gc's always display ""couldn't send"". This is the second time that this has happened. Please fix this.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1161,A Google user,"January 22, 2023","Chatheads in delay Messages cannot be opened My messages not sent after crashing, making as if i left them on seen. This app is frustrating tbh, I reported the issue yet it just got worse. I have a stable interet and a highly compatible phone yet this app behaves the worst.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1162,Jamie Grotton,"January 15, 2023","The polls are gone from my messenger groups. Used to be the perfect way my clan of game players were able to show each other who had completed daily tasks. But this option doesn't work anymore. Please bring it back. Also, the @everyone tag for my group chats is missing as well. Please bring this back. So many options that made our lives easier just keep disappearing",5 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1163,Sakib Hasan Tusher,"December 6, 2022","Can't add texts with audio attachments!!! Can't play the full video , everytime I play a video it keeps kicking me out. I've seen many people face this problem. And the stickers takes a long time to load.",21 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1164,CloudView,"December 28, 2022",Edit: Contact photos don't show in notifications on One UI 5.0 now. Literally the worst way to message people. Every month or two you just stop getting notifications and the only fix is reinstalling the app. Also sometimes when someone messages you their message is blank until you restart the app. Been horribly for years on Android.,15 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1165,Simran Neha,"January 20, 2023",Messenger keeps stopping all of a sudden. Has alot of glitches and doesn't function well. The messages don't up and I don't get notified when I get messages. I've reinstalled the app several times but nothing fixes it.,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1166,Sara Wagstaff,"December 24, 2022",The app is pretty much broken. Can't use search in chat history properly anymore. Notifications don't work anymore. Constant slow downs and hitches. It was all perfectly serviceable before. Now it's just trash.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1167,Nerissa van Zonneveld,"January 12, 2023",Can't open marketplace messages. Not sure what you guys did but I deleted and reinstalled it and every time I want to open Marketplace messages it's just black screen. It used to be OK but this is just annoying. Always need to log in on the computer to check messages from marketplace.,4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1168,Joseph,"December 8, 2022","Messenger used to be good, but now I've just reverted back to text. My Messenger rarely, if ever, notifies me when I receive a message nowadays. Same thing with a few others in my circle. Some messages, mostly shared attachments, just disappear from the conversation before you get to see them. Just a faulty app? Or something more sinister like speech suppression? Never know these days. Finally, Messenger has prevented me from sending messages containing (light) dark humor. No need to spy guys.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1169,Tara Monette,"January 14, 2023","Ever since it was changed over to Meta, the active timer has been wrong. I will see someone is active, and we'll be texting, but the app will say they were active 2 hours ago. Also, I must make court-ordered payments, and ever since October 2022, I can no longer go through Messenger to do it, as the app freezes up on the loading screen, so now I have to go through PayPal. So these are bugs that need to be fixed.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1170,Rin Ponyo,"January 16, 2023","You guys better fix this bug. I hate everytime i wanna scroll up and look for my old messages wether by scrolling or search in conversation and it keeps freezing. I have to force stop the app because of it. And also when replying to something, it won't show which messages or attachment to reply",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1171,lilia lisondra,"December 3, 2022","I had to switched from my personal to professional account and now i can't open the messages anymore. Tried to trouble shoot, install and reinstalling but still not working. I hope you can fix this sooner cos it's so hassle. I had to download the lite version just so i can message people.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1172,Kayla Kimble,"December 29, 2022",Normally this app is pretty good. But here lately in the last month or two it only randomly notifies me of new messages. And only with certain people. I'll only be able to see the message until I actually go into the app and then it shows me. It's weird it only does it randomly,3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1173,Mó Ree,"December 9, 2022","The new feature for messenger bubbles is annoying, i want the previous one the chat heads is what you call it. I dunno why but I can't change the setting easily, it goes back to square ones. The option is no longer available 🙄",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1174,YYKz Sage,"December 14, 2022","Please fix your buggy app. ""Bubbles"" is a joke,. doesn't work half the time. Not to mention that on miui 13 you cannot use a custom notification sound. Every single time you close the app it resets back to new_messsage. It only works with system sounds.",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1175,Shaira Alonzo,"January 24, 2023","Everytime ibackread some messages, it's just black and it's frustrating coz u can't see what's your looking for. This is my main source of communication, we use this also to school, so please fix this it's so hard to look back on the messages and sometimes it just appeared ""sorry, something went wrong.""",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1176,Airakrystelle Canen,"December 7, 2022","Couldn't sent a message even though you have an internet connection Edit: Still a recurring issue!!! Already tried to uninstall and install the app, so many update on you software version but it does not even give you any resolution!",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1177,Aawesh Robert Horo,"January 11, 2023",I love this application to chat with my friends but when I want to see the old charts of my friends it takes a lot of time to show the result and also search the conversation also does not work properly it does not shows the result. I hope that you will look on this.,1 person found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1178,Courtney Miller,"December 5, 2022",Ever since the last update I don't get notifications of new messages unless in in the fb app and a preview will pop up. Otherwise it only randomly lets me know if there's a new message. I go hours without answering people because the notification isn't showing up.,5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1179,Bartholomew Forman (Bart),"January 21, 2023","It's okay. I don't use it for much beyond messaging. Two annoying things: I get a notification for a message which turns out to be a message *I* sent. I have to log out of the app to clear it. Which brings me to number 2: there is no log out button on the app. At least, it's not where I can see it and get to it. I have to log out on Facebook and then return to log out. Again, annoying. But until I find a similar app that a majority of my friends use, I'll work with what I have.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1180,John Paul Javellana,"December 16, 2022","There's a lot of bugs. This time it's unacceptable. You can't backread and keeps saying check internet connection even tho its totally fine and all. Some messages don't get updated especially group chats, you cant view spam and archives. Until now unnecessary updates are done especially the removing of ""Move to spam/mark spam"" and replacing it into RESTRICT which is very useless to me I miss the old messenger Where only usefull things gets put into the app. Now its like a joke communication app.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1181,Randall Adam,"January 20, 2023","Loses notification settings with every forced update. Then I hear that stupid messenger chime over and over. The ai for ads that monitors the chats is a little off too. Make fun of product or just mention without any interest in purchasing and it's all you'll see. For instance women's health products, as a male, I don't need them.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1182,Zack Antony,"December 2, 2022","The web version of messenger is slow+ clunky, which sours the benefit of having it connected to a Facebook account at all. Additionally, there is no way to turn off the conversion of emoticons [ :) ] into emoji. This ""feature"" limits creativity.",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1183,Leo “Leo” Amos,"January 23, 2023",I would be giving this a five except whatever the hell has happened here recently I don't get calls until they're missed from anyone. The screen locks up with the app during calls AFTER I'm the one having to call. Not sure what's going on but it really needs fixed.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1184,Niccole Shrider,"December 7, 2022",The messaging part of the app is great. The calling and video calling leaves something to be desired. The lack of volume is extremely irritating. Even at max volume it is 50/50 on being able to hear the person I am speaking to. That is sad😥,17 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1185,Ben Jee,"January 9, 2023",Hate this app. The only reason I still have facebook is for marketplace and due to a lot of my older photos being on there (the quality of which they have killed so thanks for that). Otherwise it's left deactivated. Unfortunately im forced to use this horrible app each time which will then not let me deactivate it afterwards despite deactivating facebook first. So im forced to remain contactable when I have no desire to be. Utter garbage.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1186,Dranreb Dave Reyes,"December 17, 2022","Messenger is not good at all. I am very disappointed. It is not functioning well. I restarted my phone uninstalled and reinstalled messenger but I experience the same problem. No message notification, messages are late and it always says network connection though I have a stable data connection. It happens everytime I open my messenger. Please fix this",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1187,GL “GLPZord” Zordilla,"January 20, 2023",When i finally have the time to clean up my messages list because its piling up and I'm pretty sure we (users) all HATE CLUTTER right? So PLEASE add this MULTIPLE MESSAGE DELETION option. It's a long overdue feature. Only messenger app doesn't have this feature and it's frustrating,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1188,Alexisa Collins,"January 22, 2023",Never get sound notifications for video calls anymore. It use to just pop up that someone was calling. I uninstalled and reinstalled and now I get no notification at all. Just that the call was missed. Hope this gers fixed in the next update,16 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1189,Samaila Zirati,"December 30, 2022","The app is a great app and for fast messaging. Am only giving you 2stars because you have remove the most important feature of the app, when making video chat there a place of making background which you can take background direct from your phone but you have remove where to choose backgroug from your phone 📱 storage",17 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1190,Syd Saeed,"December 28, 2022",Won't show unread messages anymore. You have to scroll all the way up to where you last read your messages. FIX IT. Im not even using the app anymore because catching up with the messages is impossible!,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1191,Edwin Leong,"December 5, 2022",Several usage issues. Not the same as when it was a chat head. Clicking on replied messages does not bring you to it. Videos get stuck and the app hangs. Not enjoying the experience despite using it for a long time hoing they would fix it,5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1192,Kayla Cole,"December 16, 2022","Its been so buggy, really need an update to fix all the issues me and many others are having. It's always malfunctioning on me and I have to force stop it and restart it to try and temporarily fix it. Super annoying because it use to work just fine.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1193,Erica Barnett,"January 16, 2023","Here lately it has been very annoying to have. When I try to send something it will say attachment unavailable, or couldn't send. It also needs the active status updated another thing is the video calls lag alot even if I have great service.",30 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1194,Kenya M,"January 4, 2023","I am having issues receiving video calls and regular calls, the phone rings, but no way to answer or see who is calling or silence it until they hang up. Then I can return the call. I have deleted app and reinstalled and checked everything possible",23 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1195,Giana rose Tibas,"January 24, 2023","Ever since I updated messenger, when I want to back read some of the messages, it won't appear anymore or even worst it got log more than I see the messages, also if it did got to the message it can't be read continuesly (xspelling), Meta! Please 🙏🏻 fix this thing up and sometimes the messages are late to be received and it gets more and more worst a day",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1196,Avery Jule,"January 23, 2023",It won't let me log in at all. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app. I've tried restarting my phone. I've tried going through Facebook. I've tried logging in on the browser. I even tried messenger lite. Nothing is working. Really need this fixed,0,2,Messenger
1197,Josh Pitts-Klein,"January 14, 2023","This app is full of bugs, constantly missing messages as it hoards them in 'message requests' but won't let me view. I have to log in on a computer to view most 'message requests' Has been this way for years and still not fixed!",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1198,Peter Badenoch (K-Nine),"December 4, 2022",I hate it when you briefly typed a fair bit of the message in the message box to someone. By opening up the photos in the app area and then the message box clears itself when exiting the photo selection in the app for messaging business pages.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1199,Cess Cruz,"January 14, 2023","Very disappointing. Not real time, it reflects the time you've send the message not the time the receiver views it. Delay on receiving messages. And no more notification above on how many messages you need to read back.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1200,Ethan A.N. Naing,"December 21, 2022","So genius to put the call hang up button on the top corner that whenever you try to end a call, proximity sensor goes off and screen turns off. What is the problem of convention placement at the bottom? I don't really understand!",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1201,Maruf KHAM,"January 19, 2023","It used to be good , but now I'm very disappointed, it crashes, doesn't notify you in time, calls get dropped, and from today morning it started to show ""sent photos "" text notification but the photos never even load",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1202,Kathryn Anderson,"December 31, 2022","2 issues, 1. Notifications have stopped showing alerting me to new messages, 2. several messages come through at once hours after they are sent. Have had to start using a different app for messages. Please could you fix.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1203,Nick Willard,"January 5, 2023","I don't receive notifications anymore. I have to manually check if someone messaged me every time. I've tried reinstalling, restarting my phone, making sure notifications are turned on. Nothing works.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1204,Luke,"January 4, 2023",After all troubleshooting and deleting and re downloading the app several times. My notifications are still not working. It shows a message on Facebook but I have to actively open messenger to actually check if I've received any messages.,2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1205,Chris Anthony,"January 13, 2023","Unstable and buggy. Suddenly, for 3 days now, Im getting a blank screen when trying to check my fb marketplace messages. Tried all kinds of troubleshooting, including reinstalling the app. This needs to be fixed !",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1206,Richard Davies,"January 3, 2023","Getting worse. Now it shows notifications for Stories. These belong in FB not Messenger. I don't give a damn when someone puts up a story but I do when someone sends me a message. Putting a notification up when there's a story is JUST FRUSTRATING, and a good incentive for me to get rid of Messager and do all DMs on Telegram etc",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1207,Dakota Mills,"January 23, 2023","Riddled with bugs. Videos and photos unable to be exited out of and requiring a phone restart, notifications not working and messages delaying in displaying despite stable network connection. How such a huge application is so poorly managed is beyond me.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1208,Hare congo,"January 13, 2023",This is a perfect example not hiring the best for the job. Messenger used to be perfect but every update implements another terrible idea that they seemed to spend months on thinking about. the app at this point barely functions with all the bugs from changes that should of never been made. Marketplace place messages no longer show at all after the latest reinstall. Until the lead dev is fired from all the bad ideas I think this app will suffer greatly and decline even further.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1209,April r,"January 24, 2023","I don't know what the deal is, but I'm not getting any notifications that I have a message or if someone calls me it's not ringing. I have to click on the app for it to show anything. I've restarted my phone and nothing has changed. And there's no updates available when I check!!!",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1210,Greg “Greggz coffee” Faithfull,"January 23, 2023","This spo has got worse. Now it is so hard to find and message that has not been checked. The badge with the number of messages unchecked will not go away until it is seen, But how can you find that message as it is no longer in dark print or is no longer at the top od the list. So i have to scroll and scroll over and over again to check every message and then do it all again until i find the one or two that are causing the problem. Why cant the unchecked conversation message be put to the top.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1211,wow,"January 13, 2023","Decent app, but really buggy. Notifications rarely pop up until I open the app and just today I can't access my marketplace conversations. The entire screen is currently black, but just for marketplace. Other than occasional issues, Messenger isn't horrible",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1212,Sagi_2k,"January 29, 2023","It used to be amazing but now I cannot even send pictures. It just keeps on loading and loading without actually sending it. My internet connection is strong and I can even do vid calls smoothly. Please, fix this bug....",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1213,Jeannefer Loyola,"December 19, 2022","When I send some videos and pictures it goes low quality. Moreover, when I also save some videos and pictures it's not the original quality, the picture/video has a low quality when I saved it. Please fix this.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1214,Amiel Bless Tupaz Tabang,"December 6, 2022","it happened to other people to, Like you can open it but there's a loading screen it keeps happening sometimes, it online takes 3hours now it takes a DAY, makes me feel frustrated, I have to do something but I can't finish it because of this error, fix it please..",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1215,Angelica Lazarra,"January 25, 2023","Hi, I would like to say that this app is becoming ineffective and inefficient. It's irritating and annoying knowing that sometimes it's having a depiction. I can't backread any more further, it's only keep on loading. Please notify and consider my concerns, thank you.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1216,digi4 t3ch (Nitin Kumar Jangde),"January 17, 2023",Messenger your app having connectivity issue fix these irritating bug asap. Whenever I open the app it's show connecting and it's more than 1 minutes. Sometimes it doesn't connect so I close the app reopen it. Same step again an again. Even I'm on wifi connection.,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1217,iam Mayari,"January 2, 2023","It's kinda annoying that the search conversation won't do its job well. When I press a specific conversation, everything turns black or lags. It won't go to the conversation where that text is located. Fix this up!!!",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1218,vicki sinclair,"February 5, 2023","Chat bubbles, I've never had a problem with then before.... Now all of a sudden it's blocking use of other apps, I can't download or even update apps in the play store if I have it on. PLEASE FIX THIS!",10 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1219,Arnie Rosto,"January 13, 2023","Aboslute rubbish, for last month it has had tons of issues, most importantly - notifications stopped working - messages are delayed to receive - as of yesterday several chats I've had, have disappeared - marketplace conversations simply show blank, I can hear that I'm refreshing the window, but I can't see refresh spinning circle neither any of the convos... I'm thinking to put FaceBook at rest all together and use professional services not this piece of irregularity. Ihavemore limit500 charac",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1220,Nathan Doll,"December 23, 2022","Since the newest app update & Android UI update (Dec 2022): Notifications are becoming sporadic. Some times I get notifications from the app, others I see the notification thru the main Facebook app. Go into the messenger app and it does not even show the new messages as being new (in bold lettering)",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1221,Emily Muniz,"February 18, 2023",Lately Messenger has been acting up so bad..not loading messages even not loading what I message. And playing vids will freeze the app. I have to close out and restart it. And for goodness sakes add translation to Messenger as it is on fb.,0,3,Messenger
1222,Richard Froggatt,"February 16, 2023","App used to work decent enough. Now since updating my phone, whenever I close a chat bubble it opens a grid of 12 people that I don't even talk to (or want to see) and I have to close that thing as well. So now I have to swipe two things away just to close a message from someone.",0,1,Messenger
1223,PhantomMythic,"February 15, 2023","Having troubles with the app lately,it wont seem to open,it goes to the opening screen but it doesnt show the chats,its just stuck at the logo,this didnt happen before since it worked perfectly fine. Please fix it,thanks",0,2,Messenger
1224,Anthony Callegari (TnyToNewYork),"December 15, 2022","My messages are not going through fast enough, it is taking minutes or even an hour for one message to go through on Wi-Fi or on 4G. This is an app problem because online it works perfect for my computer. YOU CAN TURN OFF BUBBLES AND IT'LL TURN BACK ON WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. UPDATED AS I WAS ON A CALL CALLS CUT IN AND OUT CONSTANTLY WOULD PUT MESSAGES INTO VANISH MODE.! MY MESSAGES GET DELETED IF I SWITCH APPS! TRASH!",16 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1225,Richard Rodgers,"December 31, 2022",New update is buggy but tolerable. Customized notification sounds reset to default again and again. I had to uninstall and reinstall several times because word effects would totally disappear. It does need some fixes.,6 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1226,Samantha Ratz,"December 28, 2022","For the past few months I am not getting all my notifications and have missed many messages because of it. The app used to work better, now it doesn't send notifications for messages that have been sent. Ridiculous",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1227,Amber Edgell,"February 11, 2023","Can't open messages unless they send it and the notification is up on the bar! Please fix this!!!!! Also when I switch accounts, it stays at the loading screen.",1 person found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1228,Martina Prodanova,"February 6, 2023","I don't know what is happening with this app, but I am about to stop using it, as are other people around me with android phone. Sometimes notifications are not received, sometimes instead of what the person has written, I receive empty rows. Please fix it.. It was a great app and now...",0,1,Messenger
1229,Charles Lee Scoville,"February 15, 2023","I reflect other recent sentiments from users. This app has become utter trash over the last few months. It USED to be the one and only saving grace I would allow Facebook/Meta, the one thing that I didn't hate them for. It's literally this app that got me and my GF together. Now.......... utter trash. I guess I'll be using Signal now.",0,1,Messenger
1230,Janlyn Ampo,"February 13, 2023","Messages, especially photos and gifs are way too slow to load, most of the time messages appear too late and it's annoying. Please have this fixed. Thank you!",0,1,Messenger
1231,Fred Mifflin,"January 24, 2023",How I get rid of the stupid notification that tells me I have chat heads open or whatever...I don't need it. I've had to turn off my notifications altogether because I can't stand it. It never goes away. Or stays away. I've turned off everything and it's still there. It's over redundant and a nuisance,0,2,Messenger
1232,ryna kun,"February 3, 2023",It *was* a great app but the new update SUCKS. You can't unsend messages and that feature is really important not only for adults but for teenagers also. Like what if we embarass ourselves sending some kind of message that was meant for another person or chat group and accidentally sent it to our school's chat group??? What if we typed and sent inappropriate words accidentally??? What in the seven continents are we supposed to do?? Sit back and relax??? Oh C'mmon.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1233,Maureen Emberson,"February 1, 2023",I only give it 2 stars because it has stopped letting me hear and receive calls and video calls. I've completely factory reset my phone and it worked for a day and stopped working again. I have a Moto G stylus 5g 2022. All my other apps work just fine. Please help.,10 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1234,Jessica Jenkins,"January 15, 2023","This app has been having issues for a little bit. Displaying over other apps causes problems, and profile photos keep changing back and forth mid conversation. And randomly just not opening. This sucks because it was working so good before.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1235,Myleen J,"February 13, 2023","Been using this for years. All of a sudden, just this week, this messenger just stop working on my phone. I tried uninstalling and installing more than 4x, turning my cp off and on. Still not working.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1236,Jamie Oakes,"February 11, 2023","I hardly get notifications for this app anymore. And some of these notifications are very important. I don't have it disabled on my phone, so it's not me. It's this stupid app. Fix it. Update it. Whatever is causing the problem just do something...",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1237,ASH Hossain,"December 1, 2022",The bugs never gets fixed. I don't actually know what functions works perfectly right now honestly. But the worst is not being able to check previous msgs. It keeps on saying loading failed. I wish they'd at least fix that much,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1238,keeper kaitie,"February 13, 2023","Messenger is no longer giving notifications when people message me. I have tried logging out, un installing both Facebook and messenger, updating my phone, turning all notifications off and on again. Nothing has fixed it.",0,2,Messenger
1239,The king Of memes,"January 16, 2023","At first the app was amazing too message people on but if u talk to somebody for so long you wont be able to scroll up at all because it says ""an error has occured"" although i reset the app cleared data and uninstalled and reinstalled the problem was still happening and now im stuck talking to recent messages and cant even reread old messages.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1240,Caleb Rogers,"January 30, 2023","If you click ""open in app"" on the mobile website, it takes you to the play store. If you then open the app, it just opens if without taking you to the chat of the person whose page you were looking at. Also it's slow.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1241,Tahir Nadeem,"December 3, 2022","Nice themes, good voice quality. Most amazing part is watch together. On thing, which should be addes is the mute icon from other side user. Right now, when othe person put himself in mute, mute icon is not shown during the call. Overall, very good application.",36 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1242,Renee Keel- Larson,"January 24, 2023","Horrible, needs bugs worked out. I have to Uninstaller and reinstall the app every time I try to switch into either one of my accounts from the current one, and it's frustrating. It overheats my phone doing so",36 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1243,Brook Trusty,"December 30, 2022","I had to update my info in order to receive money from my husband to use for rent and for some reason my info couldn't be verified, even though I went through all the steps. I wasn't able to receive the money and the transaction was canceled but they still took the money out of my husbands account! I've learned my lesson with sending money through messenger and won't be doing it again. Saying it will take 3-5 business days to hear anything about it when our rent is due the first.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1244,Fahmida Rashid Sumaiya,"February 12, 2023","Messenger is becoming worst day by day. If this remains to be continued, it is not very far to move another app for communicating with family and friends. It makes me fed up cause everytime after becoming updated, it just stopped and not responding. I hate this app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1245,Cornelius Nienaber,"February 13, 2023","There is something wrong with this app, for the las three days the app doesnt want to work, it opens but no contacts are showing, i have uninstalled ans installed it twice now and still it doesn't work.",0,1,Messenger
1246,Caitlin McDonald,"January 11, 2023",Barely get notifications for messages anymore so completely unaware people are waiting to hear from me. Also for the past 2 weeks or so when on the Facebook app it is saying I have an unread message but when I open Messenger there isn't anything. Frustrating.,0,2,Messenger
1247,Md Mahmudul Hasan,"January 29, 2023","This app is super slow. Old version was the best but new version is totally annoying... Message is not sent,Delivery is too late. It takes a lot of time to open the app😠🤬 This app is completely disgusting😤😤 If there was a system to give zero star here, then I would give that😡😡. quickly solve it",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1248,Leo Roars,"December 20, 2022","It won't let me sign in, had same name and password, works on all other devices, this device started with google process, worked for a week, says oops something happened, sign in, but won't let you sign in, programmed password is auto fill. What the hell is going on with this app?",18 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1249,Sakshi Gawas,"February 11, 2023","Sorry to say, after the new update installation, messenger has stopped working on my device Redmi Note 6 Pro. Whenever i open the messenger it just shows app logo for longer period of times. Afterwards it takes me automatically out of the app. It is an humble request to developer, Please solve the issue quickly as soon as possible.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1250,Prince Paul,"January 22, 2023",The camera icon for background effect on video call is not showing making it difficult for me to choose the particular video I want during video call with someone. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it but still the same experience. Please you guys should look into it.,45 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1251,Jeannie Marshall,"January 31, 2023","I'm looking for a way to go back pre last update a week ago. I hate it. Literally hate it. I don't care about stories. Hate the cutesy memes people send. Ignoring the fact there has never been a way to batch delete messages I could live with the app, use it all the time; I had some control before. Now, zilch! What you see is what you get! I need to leave this app in the rear view mirror!",0,1,Messenger
1252,Patricia Wilson,"February 3, 2023","Too many bugs. Super slow app and messages were received late if you are not currently on the app. Also, features, including the unsending of messages are not working right now. Please fix this ASAP.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1253,Maria Angeline Albarico,"January 8, 2023","I can't do dark mode because the theme won't show up in the background, it's just all black. Then it's always showing up the ""something went wrong"" orange sign when i try to open up a convo and try to backread even tho i have a nice and good internet. please fix this.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1254,Emilyn Shan Villaceran,"January 21, 2023","It lags a lot and I can't open my messages the usual time I would able to open it. Ot stays there outside the chat and I keep tapping my message but it would take too long to respond. Additionally, I can't backread and when I choose a desired message in search conversation, it won't open and would stay as black screen.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1255,Sandy Robertson,"February 17, 2023","Just recently, I'll send a message, and the recipient only gets half of the message. Sometimes I also can only see part of their message. Whatever you updated recently obviously only means things worse!",0,2,Messenger
1256,Toshio Osada,"February 12, 2023","This app has a lot of bugs in it, ATM! Every time I update, bugs! Then update again, another bug! Right now, i can't even delete a conversation, I can't receive any notification at all! Fix this please!",0,1,Messenger
1257,Diann “Dee”,"December 26, 2022",Was a great app. Now I can't even get into it. Just get a loading screen everytime. I e even uninstalled and reinstalled and it still doesn't work. I switched to messenger light to communicate but not as many features.😑,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1258,A Google user,"February 12, 2023",latest update bad. I can't see the pics I am sending. Message alerts are coming in late. No notification ping that a new message had come in. Before this I would get several pings but no messages found.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1259,Christian Roio,"December 16, 2022","Glitchy POS. Messages should never take over 30 minutes to deliver. I could have a 50MB/s connection speed and still get messages 20 minutes after they were originally sent. I suggest finding an alternative for messaging Why are there so many bot reviews here? Update 1/14/22: app is almost constantly going down for hours at a time, then I get 14 hours worth of notifications in the span of 15 seconds. 8/29- suckenger is barely functional, had to reinstall twice to get messages >:(",398 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1260,Gil Long,"February 17, 2023",I tried to free up some room on my phone so I took Facebook off of my phone. And I thought that I would be able to get more space if I went to my memory card. And when I re-downloaded Facebook it seems that now messenger is separate from Facebook am I getting that right? Man man this is just a nightmare I haven't been able to use this app for 3 days. Alright I still only get one star. It work for a couple of days and now it's not working,36 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1261,Mosie Shuuyu,"February 15, 2023","Anyway you can fix the ""search in conversation"" feature? I type in a word to look at a past conversation but it doesn't show at all. It stays loading. Really like this app, btw",0,4,Messenger
1262,Kenneth Ramos,"January 8, 2023","So many bugs, I can't back read a conversation. Sometimes conversation does not open when I clicked it. Search conversation query is too slow. Whenever I'm in video call, video feed lagged frequently and it hangs, I'm using a mid range phone with 8gb ram and 256 rom. Please fix.",14 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1263,Jume Anne Lalata Fajardo,"January 24, 2023","I used this as mobile app. I rate this 4 stars, but in fact i wanted to rate this 4.5. I really use this as my main communication tool, especially in class, but for me, it lacks feature where you can send file/school files, so that I would not open my laptop anymore to send any.",2 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1264,Austin Fredericks,"February 14, 2023","Notifications no longer come on time, often delayed by plural minutes, even if the ""new"" messages were read and responded to forever ago. This has been an issue for about a month now, persistent over several reinstalls, and devices, and user accounts.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1265,Kris Hodge,"December 14, 2022",Not able to answer any calls and ZERO help from Facebook/Meta. Phone rings but theres no indication of who is calling or any ability to answer. It stopped after last update and as 90% of calls and 100% of my video calls are on it to family OS its very frustrating! Checked all settings and followed all fix instructions online but NOTHING from my requests to Meta. I have no idea why theyre so out of touch and lost 70% market value. Guess they want me to be a legless cartoon to chat to family...,15 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1266,Jr Laed,"February 2, 2023","With the latest update i cant receive notifications unless i open the messenger app to receive messages. I cant receive the messages real time Edit: keeps getting worse, aside from delayed messages and notifications, now it rings for a missed call that happened hours ago.",89 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1267,Ronash Munikar,"January 30, 2023",there are lots of problems loading in the old conversation(the app doesn't work properly after trying to check old chat). even in the videos in from the chat can't be played from wherever we want the video to play.,0,2,Messenger
1268,Evelyn K,"January 28, 2023",It's got awful connection issues. Messages send and the bubble is a very nice add in buy the inability to go back or search for messages anymore is a pain. You get three seconds in either way then doesn't let you get any further,0,1,Messenger
1269,Mitch,"December 26, 2022",I don't know who to say this too but FB marketplace does not work in any browser on any Samsung device. It's been broken for an entire year.... I think you guys should maybe fix it. I hate that I have to go to a desktop computer or my laptop everytime I want to check out the marketplace. Thanks. Using most up to date chrome.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1270,Joanna Wojsa,"February 1, 2023",Problem with notifications. I don't get any notifications even I have everything set up correctly. I'm using messenger couple years and problems have started couple days ago. Please fix it. It's annoying.,0,2,Messenger
1271,Allyson Blanchfield,"December 13, 2022","Once again, this app is getting more and more unstable. You fixed the log in issues, but now chat keeps breaking and it constantly says there's connection issues. All the loading is super annoying and the word search function is now even worse.",34 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1272,Reginald Loo Hou Yim,"February 13, 2023",Sometimes my messages are on sent but never delivered. I tried rebooting my WiFi and turning data on and off and it doesn't work. After a while it becomes delivered. Mark please fix your sus app,0,2,Messenger
1273,Gina Wood,"December 21, 2022",So disappointed. I was enjoying this app till I was forced to switch to the new version. No cool backgrounds font is so small I can't read it and photos can't be enlarged like before. Why mess up a good thing I'll NEVER understand. Really disappointed Facebook!,6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1274,Hamoto Firewolf,"January 31, 2023","I don't like Facebook or meta, I'm just prefaceing this with that fact. The ONLY reason I use messenger is to keep in contact with a few people and I mostly use it to call them. I have not been able to answer other people's calls in months and now it's not allowing me to call others at all. It is not an issue with mine or their internet, it's with messenger.",0,1,Messenger
1275,Tam Beard,"February 5, 2023",There is no indicator as to which messages I haven't read. They used to stay bold black then normal black once I read it. The chat logo says I have 7 unread messages!?! This has only occurred after a recent update. Samsung Galaxy 21 Latest update 5th Feb and unread messages are still not identifiable. Please fix ASAP,21 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1276,Vnnrry,"January 29, 2023","I mean the is great and I've been using this for a long time but please fix the issue where I'm stuck on loading screen when i switch account, once im stuck on the loading screen, i cannot get out of it even if i wait for a long time",0,2,Messenger
1277,kayla peters,"February 11, 2023",I'm getting pissed with this app had it for years and now all of a sudden y'all can't send my messages when I have wifi and perfect signal. It's ridiculous. Fix it. Please.,0,1,Messenger
1278,Kacper Surówka,"December 15, 2022","Devs do everything in their power to make using this app a miserable experience. It's bloated with features nobody asked for. Even something as minor as the recent decision to change the emote button next to the text field to a ""search"" button - who asked for this??? I could go on about the superfluous features but they probably mostly stem from whoever it is that's in charge ultimately having to bow down to Zuck, and we all know Facebook is trying to be everything. At least optimize the app.",86 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1279,Ellen Reese,"December 31, 2022","Notifications only work if I uninstall the app and reinstall it, and even then they only work for part of a day. I have checked all ofy phone settings and it shows I should receive all notifications. Very unreliable for communication.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1280,itsNEi,"February 12, 2023",After the update I can't get notifications. I have to constantly open the app to check for messages. There are bugs about viewing attachments too. Please fix.,0,1,Messenger
1281,Al “B.U.F.U” Grosu,"January 13, 2023","Every time I pull the camera up to send a picture the picture comes out sideways , and reverts back whenever it feels like , I could take 5 pictures with front camera and 3 will come sideways without even moving the f phone . It's passing me of , this is the only app , and if this don't get sorted il f off this retarded shot , can't take a funking picture",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1282,reymond mutya orilla,"February 5, 2023",Notification on new messages keeps on poping up even hours have past that is has been opened.. It annoys me .. Not even good to the ears. I hope you can fix it. Thanks,0,3,Messenger
1283,MaseMase,"December 1, 2022","First off, everything other than text messaging and video/voice calls, are all unnecessary. Everyone has been getting the same problems and its been occuring for a week. The app runs unnecessary things in the background, specifically ads. the ads are probably the main reason why its taking up too much space. Can't yall just add an optimization for it? Y'all keep on adding so much unnecessary features that just crashes the app and doesn't work for all.","2,479 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1284,Hunter Bernard,"January 14, 2023","WORST APP I'VE EVER USED. DON'T USE!! Terrible app that I wouldn't use unless all my friends did. Crashes constantly, messages NEVER send, and when you call someone it just beeps as it tries to connect for an hour. Disgusting, awful app! 0 stars 🖕",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1285,Mary Ann Wedell,"December 2, 2022",The most recent update moved the end call button to the top. That does not allow me to end calls on messenger and answer calls with my phone. Very very inconvenient to move that to the top!!,12 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1286,Shaik Irfan,"February 18, 2023",Theres a lot of bugs in it now. I dont get messages on time.I get it after 1 or 2 min late than the actual time. Voice notes does t play well. I just see the other person has replied to some message but cant see for which message .,0,1,Messenger
1287,Sandra Smith,"February 15, 2023","It used to be a good app I used of a daily, now I can't even get messages as a notification. I've missed many calls and texts because it won't show until I open the app. I've Uninstalled it and everything i don't know",0,2,Messenger
1288,Sam Matthews,"January 15, 2023","Everything was OK until the last update a few weeks ago. Now, none of my new messages are showing in a darker colour & I'm not getting notified when I do get a new message. This is very annoying.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1289,Reynante Pineda,"February 14, 2023",can't even use the app for a week now after updating it. i uninstalled and installed the app but still can't open it. can't receive any messages or calls and can't even open or log in to another phone due to some bugs and glitches. this sucks meta.,0,1,Messenger
1290,Victoria Lau,"December 9, 2022","Which genius thought of putting the hang up button all the way on the top right corner!??! It doesn't make any sense to me at all! Everytime I press hang up button, the screen shuts down bc it thinks im trying to bring it close to your ear.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1291,Lmoc,"January 13, 2023",I have 9 messages it says but the app won't open it's going to a black screen. I've tried uninstall it and reinstall it but still doesn't work I have people trying to get ahold of me through Messenger because I'm selling things on marketplace but when I try to open app to see the messages it's just a black screen and it's just stays that way I'm pissed because somebody was supposed to pick something up and I overslept and now they think I've stood them up and that's probably why I have nine mess,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1292,FARDIN SADI,"February 17, 2023",I'm facing several issues with messenger notification. The latest version of the app has a lot of bugs. A certain person name Afri her message notification delays most it appears around 1 hour later. If this continues she would lost her interest in chatting with me🥺. Another major bug is I see girls in street they catches my eyes but I couldn't found any of them in your mother app Facebook. It hurts most🙄 Please take my problems seriously and fix them,53 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1293,Alona Mae Gregorio,"November 30, 2022",What now messenger? After updating the app I can't open my messages. I can scan & click them up but it won't open. I did a lot of uninstall & install moments thinking that my phone is the problem but it appears that some of the problem here is the same as mine. Please fix this up soon. This is my only communication to my love one & family. Pleaseeeee!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1294,Cristian Ursu,"February 10, 2023","Terrible app, everything worked fine until I couldn't enter the app anymore, it just freezes, i reinstalled the app again, didn't fix anything, I'm still seeing the loading screen, fix your app",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1295,Melanie Parker,"February 20, 2023","I was hacked simply by viewing a messenger message from a friend's actual account via the app without clicking on or opening any outside links. The hacker changed my password, email, and phone number on my FB account, and it took me over a week to get it back to where I could even log in again!",0,1,Messenger
1296,Pann,"February 16, 2023","The app is too buggy like when I open a chat, the background I set before is Ocean, but now it's just a black background, it is frustrating using the app😤. Also, I can't see the message that my friend replies to, and my friend's avatar is their old one instead of their latest one",16 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1297,mallisa settlemire,"January 3, 2023","Anyone else no longer able to send payments? I hit continue and it flashes the same ""meta pay"" page over and over again. I reported the problem and they suggested everything I have already done 100 times and then just said sorry for the inconvenience. I'm receiving payments just fine, but it seems to freak out anytime I attempt tk send. 🤨 I'm about to rip my hair out! It's been 3 days of trying everything!",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1298,Hazem El-Hosseny,"January 30, 2023","The app doesn't function properly. Calls not received, notifications for calls not shown and conversation messages are shown as notifications after conversation end which is very annoying as each message in the conversation popup as a notification with sometime separation.",0,1,Messenger
1299,elvis daod,"January 13, 2023",Its has so many bugs where is shows me i have 13 unread messages and when i click there is absolutely nothing. It freezes often and doesn't shows the activity green light often even when i have it on . Delay in sending and delivery also.,10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1300,Yolanda Morga,"February 13, 2023",Im not getting any of my notifications for messages . The only way to know I have a message is by opening the app. I already checked all my settings on my phone and the app . I deleted the app and re installed it still not working.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1301,kim D,"January 8, 2023","It always fail to send photos and videos. even I already reinstall it,reset and updated? even wifi is good. I don't know what is the problem. It always failed to send photo. WWWWWHHHHY!",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1302,Vxsion6,"December 2, 2022",this app has went too far with the constant updates every other day. it has ruined the point of the app. i cant even open the app to see my messages. it has a blue screen loading but never loads. i had to get messenger lite to even message people. this app needs to just stop with an update every other day and just wait a couple months and do a new one. fixing bugs just to make new ones. its getting to where theres no point in using the app. meta needs to calm it down and fix it for good.,4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1303,Romilyn Jane Arenas,"February 15, 2023",Good day! I just want to suggest in the next update if you can do pin (3-5 group chats) for us to easily see class announcements. It will be a great help to this on-going virtual classes. Thank you. And more power!,0,3,Messenger
1304,cydrix abkilan,"January 15, 2023","Ever since 2018, this is the app I'm using and relying on to communicate with others: friends, family, acquaintances, and such. This 2023, starting from the first day of January, I don't know what happened, it started to not receive any messages anymore even though I have full strength of internet connection which works really well with other apps. In this, I would like to call the attention of the team responsible to please fix the issue as soon as possible as we have relevant things to do so.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1305,Alisha Stubblefield,"January 31, 2023",Only gave five stars so that it will be close to the top! For the last few years this app has been sending my messages in late sometimes Days later sometimes hours I'm not sure why! This has become more than major of an issue! This causes problems in relationships not just with family but with also spouses!!! This comes in acquiring also about the presented businesses!,13 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1306,Patrick,"January 4, 2023","The last updated stopped the unread messages fr being bold. So if you miss something, you'll have the unread number on the app icon but when you open the app, nothing is bold or nothing indicates what has been left unread. Very frustrating.",19 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1307,Scooter Parker,"January 29, 2023","Suddenly unable to send photos via Messenger, regardless whether im using WiFi or mobile data. All permissions are right, cleared cache and data and restarted Messenger. That fixed it for literally 1 minute then unable to send photos again.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1308,Aslayna Sarip,"December 20, 2022","Idk what happened. But I don't like any of the changes. There's bug, I don't have bump when I'm already updated. Also, this is what irritates me the most. I can search for words, yes. But I can't backread. Fix it. I can't backread because of the updates. Even my wi-fi is okay it keeps saying that it isn't. Fix this. Fix all. Make a new updates. Messenger please.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1309,Shell Macca,"February 8, 2023",Can you guys fix messenger the voice microphone part won't play or sits at 000 after you have sent it getting very sick of it 😒and no I've updated it many times uninstalled it reinstalled it and have the latest phone that's just come out ☝️ so it certainly ain't on my side☝️ fix this please its very frustrating!!,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1310,Samantha Connolly,"January 13, 2023",Terrible. Never works right and after all these years you still can't delete multiple messages at a time. Mines currently showing a black screen haven't been able to use messenger for days and of course you can't get no assistance,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1311,G. Moore,"January 16, 2023","Jan 2023..still cant change notification sounds..only chimes I have learned that Messenger in-app notification setting is overruling the notification category sound settings for categories like chats and group chat mentions, etc. It shouldnt do that. Should be able to have sub-levels of sound notifications. Please investigate. It isnt working right. Thx. I can only use 1 sound for notifications. Need different notification sounds for group vs one on one chat.",97 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1312,almer godoy,"December 20, 2022","I'm experiencing a problem on messenger. Messenger is really a good communication app. But this past few weeks, I noticed everytime I sent a message for example at exactly 10 a.m, even the person that I sent the message to was not online that time and he reads the message after few hours, still the messenger shows that he had seen my message at exactly 10 a.m. I already did troubleshooting like clearing cache, restarting my phone, and reinstalling messenger. Please do a thing to fix this.",10 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1313,Chayne,"January 29, 2023",Delay getting worse. I've used it for years but now I'm getting notifications and message updates up to a day late so Im missing important .essages and I'm being notified of old messages as if they're new. I don't know how the app could be getting worse but it is.,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1314,Izzy Do,"January 21, 2023",I'm not receiving notifications for messages. No on-screen pop-ups or anything. Yes I did check to make sure the permissions were turned on for the app in the phone settings to write on other apps.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1315,Muhammad Asif,"December 7, 2022","I use Facebook Since 2010. The recent problem which I am facing. My message can't sent to my friends who are my new friends or recently I can't communicate with in 5 months. Rest of other friends I easily send the message. What's the bug 🐛 going on Messenger. Even I uninstall or update the messenger, but the issue ⚠️ not resolved.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1316,Yumie Sakura,"January 14, 2023","This is a great app btw, then why i just rate 3? Because when sending a pic takes long time to send it even when my wifi is fast and when im sending vids to my friends and its sending when it was almost there it just stopped sending and i have to send another so it will be sended thats all... Oh btw can you fix this?",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1317,Issah Dhenier D Quinsona,"February 19, 2023","Too many bugs, can't even view pictures and videos, can't even properly view messages, freezes and even crashes, the updates are useless. Fix you'r issue messenger.",0,1,Messenger
1318,Jezer Pastolero,"January 10, 2023","This app is not good, every time I make a call my phone always dies, it's a waste of my time because I can't open my phone when I call, I have more than ten minutes before it opens, I don't know why does my phone go dead every time I call, I hope the next time you update the app you fix it, because it's really annoying that I waste my time sometimes, thankyou!.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1319,Mae Ruddock,"January 5, 2023","I would give it 3 stars if it wasn't a pain in the a$# to update it. I had messenger for at least 9 years and it shouldn't lag, crash or fail to auto update each time. This app only works better when your phone or tablet has their first run.",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1320,Jill Espejo,"December 11, 2022","Annoying bug where I don't get notifications on my phone when I get new messages. It also doesn't show new messages in bold text. I get notifications on my watch, but I've resorted to using messenger lite for now.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1321,Radim idk,"January 29, 2023","Trash, extremely buggy.. sometimes you don't get notifications at all, sometimes you get notified about a message you read 2 hours ago, the activity doesn't work half the time. It's just so damn bad",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1322,Steph V,"February 5, 2023","Whenever my brother sends me videos to watch through Facebook they won't load at all. It tryst to pull it up on my watch page and never does its disappointing because my brother live states away and I love finding things that make us laugh and so does he, so to not be able to see them is disappointing to say the least.",0,2,Messenger
1323,Harmony Moana,"February 2, 2023",Over the past month I havnt been able to receive calls on messenger it doesn't ring it jus comes up that I have missed a call but nothing comes up when someone is trying to ring me. Also it will pop up that I have an unread message then when I go in to messenger there's nothing highlighted that I have a new message. No option to turn off message reminder. Is anyone else having this problem ?,0,1,Messenger
1324,Amanda,"December 21, 2022",The latest bugs are just awful. the app crashes constantly. I can't even have a conversation without it screwing up. it glitches receiving new messages while it's open. I can't set up the sms to connect through messenger with the rest anymore.,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1325,NJM Aso,"November 13, 2022","Very useful for communication. Especially for others that are far away. But it has MANY problems. One of the main problema I'm having is the constant ""no internet connection"" or loading even though I DO have internet connection. This is very very annoying especially when I switch to other accouns, because when I do, I won't be able to switch to the other ones without reinstalling the app. I'm not the only one experiencing such bugs and honestly, there are more than just 1 or 10 bugs. So pls fix","8,830 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1326,Kelsey Meyer,"September 4, 2022","Problems with connectivity issues when both parties, over video call, have excellent wi-fi connections: During the call one or both individuals will have difficulties hearing the other. As in, someone is talking but not a word is heard. As this is the only app I know of, so far, that is socially integrated with the ability to share screens, it creates a lot of frustration. This only occurred with the last update, please resolve, we've uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail.","7,834 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
1327,Kristen,"October 26, 2022","When this app works, it's good, but almost every month (usually when there's an update in process) it gets super buggy. Messages remain undelivered and I only get some incoming messages. I have to close the app a few times and open it back up for it to work again. This should not be as common of an issue as is is for me. (It's been like this across devices and is not an issue with my phone.)",913 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1328,Tahnee Thon,"October 20, 2022","I've been using this app for years now mostly without issue. Now I get no notifications, the chat bubbles won't pop up, when I open them manually, they'll disappear after a few seconds. It's insane how badly this app is functioning. I should say it's not functioning. I've made sure all settings are correct and permissions granted, but it doesn't change anything. I've cleared cache and data, restarted my phone, uninstalled and reinstalled. Nothing fixes it. What a waste.","9,772 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1329,Scott Wickman,"October 27, 2022","Not working as it used to. Messages come hours late. Not being able to turn off sound is really hurting me. I use a cochlear implant and every time a message is received, it disables outside sound to beep at me. But I was listening to a teacher in middle of a lecture. Googled how to turn off sound. Answer: disable notifications. But I still need visual notifications when I get messages. So that isn't resolving my issue. I think this app is at it's end, and it's time to move on.",491 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1330,Kyler Smith,"November 14, 2022","First, video player is awful. After I'm done playing a video, the app glitches and I can't touch anything without reopening it. Second, why would they make the ""end call"" button microscopic and in the top right? Why change something that isn't broken? It's an annoying and unnecessary change. I can't reach the very top right of the phone with my thumb. Please just at least give the option to put an end call button in the center lower third like ANY other calling application does.","3,400 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1331,Corvin Mack,"September 14, 2022","Recently haven't been able to use the app at all. If I click on a message and go to a chat, the entire screen is unresponsive except for the very bottom at the text box, which responds to being tapped, but doesn't bring up my keyboard. Otherwise it does the same in the main menu, and the app is now entirely unusable. Have tried resetting both app and phone several times, nothing.","3,792 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1332,Sleeping Beauty,"November 7, 2022","NEW UPDATE: Messages are not received for both side. Unable to make calls many times. Internet is working perfectly and other apps too. This app just getting worse and worse. UPDATE. I had to lower it for 1 star. Messages are disappearing from inside the conversations. Voice messages can't be played. Seriously, absolutely useless. Ok app, but the info/details for voice messages disappeared. Previously if I tapped on it, it showed the date and time it was sent. Now its gone. Please get it back.",641 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1333,Ryan Weaver,"October 5, 2022","Eh, it's okay. It's gotten much worse over the years becoming slower and slower, still no optimization, overall I'd recommend this still but be wary of bugs and glitches as they're very very common. It's also incredibly difficult to navigate any kind of settings as they are behind so many subpages that are unnecessary. K.I.S.S. keep it simple stupid. If it were easier to navigate and change settings I would add another star.","2,549 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
1334,Brenda G,"November 1, 2022","I don't like the update. Now the message bubble doesn't pop up, I'm not getting notifications, it doesn't ring when I get a call....and all of my in-call features are now gone! I don't have filters, can't take a picture, etc. Apparently this is with Android users because my friends who are iPhone users can even hide videos and end calls. This needs to be fixed asap.",682 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1335,Random Collier,"October 24, 2022","It works great! The UI is a bit overwhelming sometimes, but other than that it works well. The biggest problem for me personally, that docked quite a few stars, is being unable to turn off text to emoji. Idk bout you, but 😀 looks horrifying compared to :). Would recommend, and I would really appreciate being able to turn off this ding dang feature.","11,079 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
1336,Anna Darázs,"October 20, 2022","This app is the main one I use for communicating, although it has some problems. Firstly, I often get the messages much later than they were actually sent. Sometimes I don't even get a notification. Consicuently, I have missed tons of important messages which obviously is a very big problem. Themes are really fun, but when I apply one, it usually isn't displayed correctly. 🙁 There are some further small glitches which ruin the app. The call quality is nice though.",295 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1337,RCR Music,"September 4, 2022","Has been exceptionally low quality lately. Everyone I know has been having the same issues. Videos freeze messenger, pictures taken in the app are rotated for no reason, the app freezes your phone for several seconds periodically for no reason, sometimes even prompting a restart. Fix it. It's been an issue for months. You are one of the biggest companies in the world. Really no excuse.",811 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1338,christina castro,"September 20, 2022","For the past week, I've only been able to open the app but when I go to click on a message or any other icon (stories, settings, etc.) it doesn't let me. For two days now, I open it and because I'm a moderator in a group, it has this separate screen that immediately comes on flashing almost as if it's a glitch and doesn't let me tap the 'X' to exit. I've never had these issues before and it's a major way I'm able to remain in contact with a lot of loved ones. I hope this can be resolved ASAP!",552 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1339,Ellie Jovel (KitKat),"November 3, 2022","I love this app for the customization. I hate this app for how buggy it is, no matter if it needs an update or not. I have needed to uninstall and reinstall 5 times in the last 3 weeks. Chat search just doesn't work anymore, causing the app to crash completely, or the message you find just won't load. You also can't scroll to any other relevant messages to the one you found. Messages haven't been sent as smoothly, and friend activity is never accurate or never shows unless recently reinstalled.",295 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1340,Ashley Ross,"October 12, 2022","***UPDATE*** I was SO excited to see an update available. I've been watching & waiting and finally it was there. But, when I opened the app in hopes of FINALLY being able to send a message... Nope! Still nothing. It completely freezes when I open it, I can't reply to anyone, & I can't even scroll once I open the app. After about 30 seconds of a screen with all my unread messages on it that won't scroll or open, the app force closes. FIX THIS PLEASE! My business partly depends on it!!","2,782 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1341,Rachelle Jolicoeur,"November 5, 2022","The videos that are sent to me, do not work( it sais something went wrong) and the ones that do work, the screen freezes after the video. I don't receive all messages when they are sent to me. I miss calls, even when I have the phone open in my hand ( like it just gives me the notification ""missed call by..."" ). I am verry unimpressed, I have never had so many problems with this app.",663 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1342,Klaudia Budzynska,"October 30, 2022","The worst experience of any communication app in the market. I can't recall any other that important app with that long downtime period, with that many features, that are so often broken. The one that crossed the line was with the ""something went wrong"" error on almost every video sent in chat. The other ones are different messages order from user to user, terrible pictures compression, changing custom reactions to default randomly, and I can mention many others. I don't recommend to anyone.","1,110 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1343,Gretchen LU (Gretch),"September 5, 2022","Normally, I really like the app, however it keeps saying it's not optimized for this newest version of Android system, and so then my screen doesn't recognize touches for a few seconds (or more- sometimes it's completely frozen and I have to restart my phone) and it's really irritating because it has now been an issue for a couple of months. FIX IT.","1,618 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
1344,Mahdi hasan,"October 20, 2022","first, videos/audios/photos being sent to me (down)loads so slow like it's taking nearly a half an hour. second, there's always this couldn't send this message thingy when replying to my own message. it pops up as well when im trying to send a video or a couple of photos. also, there's always a delay in receiving a message and it's very inconvenient, so please, fix this.","9,484 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1345,Conflict,"November 25, 2022","The bugs are endless. Used to be a great app, but now there are all kinds of problems. Messages remaining undelivered, previous messages remaining in the text box after being sent. Video calls sometimes the camera is off for the other person when it actually isn't. The pop out of the video call glitches out frequently and gets stuck. Occasionally the options for the video call are not present (mute, camera on/off, etc.) And a lot more I can't even fit into this review. About to get a dif app.","8,315 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1346,Libra,"November 14, 2022","It's an amazing app! I love it!!! This app is overall amazing for texting your friends and for group chats but I have 2 issues. Number one, when I call people its fine but sometimes the call doesn't work and it keeps loading and that really irritates me! Me and the person I'm calling's internet would be perfectly fine but it keeps loading. Number 2, when I try adding someone, I'd be scrolling forever trying to find them and in the end I never do!! That's kind of annoying but it's fine. Good app!",682 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1347,Brett Reynolds,"October 25, 2022","It's an alright messaging app. It has neat chat circles that will pop up on your screen which is handy for back and forth chatting, though it often bugs out for many users as well as not notifying properly. There's a dark theme and you can change the background color of the text and in general the UI looks nice. In terms of privacy, well, it's not. There's a reason this is free with no ads. If Facebook is not something of interest to you then don't bother with this app.","8,838 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
1348,Marissa Taylor-John,"November 3, 2022","I much prefer this app to the standard messaging app from Samsung. However, Messenger for months now has been having a major issue. Occasionally, when I write a message, somehow it saves the message after I've sent it, so the next time I open the chat to message that person, almost the whole text is in the text box and I have to backspace all of it. I have to delete and reinstall the app to fix it every time.",739 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1349,Stacia Connor,"October 17, 2022","Ever since this last update, it picks and chooses when to show me who is active or when last active. Even when it does show, it's not accurate. I keep force stopping the app to see if it resets but no. I've checked all settings to make sure there isn't something turned on/ off that shouldn't be. Extremely aggravating and frustrating. Unfortunately, it's how I keep in touch with most people.","3,209 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1350,BlackGhost Bg,"February 13, 2023","Many updates later and a different phone as well, still no way to check all photos so send in a chat. Before the redisign it was easy, now this ""view media and files"" tab that is said to exist on their website is not present in the app. No idea why",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1351,Joni Bee,"February 1, 2023",Since the latest update the bold black writing for unread messages is almost the same as read messages. I can't tell if I've opened it or bit. Messages are getting missed. It would be good for a solution to this please 🙏,21 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1352,Houssem Eddine,"February 4, 2023","Too much updates, but useless.. I like older versions, this app is becoming less practical, like bubbles quit every time you lock your phone and messages marked read despite you didn't read them...",22 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1353,Cecilia Desrosiers,"February 13, 2023",It sends messages but it doesn't say that it received them and when trying to unsend a message it wont delete it. Been having problems for a couple of weeks now.,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1354,Julian Baldacchino,"January 3, 2023","Lately I've been having some issues with opening the app, it would randomly kick me out and not let me use it again I tried restarted my phone and everything and it still wouldn't work and when I try opening it from Facebook it says I need to sign in on messenger but it doesnt let me. Before this I also had problems when it would randomly kick me out of my account",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1355,Yay Yay,"September 12, 2022","Edit: Finally works. Still glitchy. Changing from 1 to 3 stars for now. The newest update to Messager is not allowing me to add to my stories. I continue to receive a, ""Failed to add. Tap to retry."" Prompt. When tapping, it still won't add to stories. It is stuck on a black screen. Please fix. The story setting worked well until the latest app. I've already cleared the cache multiple times as well as force stopped the app. I have also uninstalled & reinstalled the app. It is still happening.",452 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1356,Alex Ayento,"December 26, 2022","Messenger is one of the social media platform that I often used. It becomes the bridge to communicate and connect other people especially that I am a student I've been utilizing technology in a long period of time. Also, messenger has a big impact in my study as well that's why it becomes my friendly platform where I can communicate and socialize with my friends.",91 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1357,Mira Lovie,"February 14, 2023","Not getting notifications. All permissions are on for the app, no char bubbles popping up. No notifications that someone has messaged me. I only see messages if I actually open the app.",0,1,Messenger
1358,Chris,"January 27, 2023","Flashes between login and something went wrong very fast, bad app if you have certain conditions. How could a company of this size miss this? Update: Currently just a black screen so I guess they atleast fixed the flashing on a Google flagship, who ever is in charge should be sacked!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1359,Helson Kevin,"February 11, 2023","The app is no longer usable,filled with bugs,errors and all right bad app Crashes to open chats Fails to load chats Freeze and crashes Stop updating the app,its just making it worse and worse more,fix the actual problems",0,1,Messenger
1360,Barrie,"February 2, 2023","This app has generally gone downhill over the years. Notifications seem to be delayed and with this latest update, Marketplace appears to be more important than both message requests and archive messages given its higher up the list.",13 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1361,Shanna Sanchez,"February 11, 2023","You need to fix the bugs in this app. It is supposed to be connected, however, nothing it showing up up to my page, and it doesn't even show your online now. Thank you",0,1,Messenger
1362,Mardz “PAIE” B,"December 23, 2022","All message have been read. No indication of unread messages for me to read back. How many times i unstall and install or clear cache. One hour only i can see the unread messages in gc's, then same problem again. I hope it will fix soon for i am using this app for very long time.",4 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1363,Roger Bickmore,"December 28, 2022",I don't like how it run I'm not able to see who's active after closing out of a message so then j have to close out of my chat heads then open the app close completely out of it then open it then it works I sometimes have to send a message twice in order for the person to receive the first message it most definitely could be better and definitely needs work,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1364,Ivan Enriquez,"February 12, 2023","Too buggy. There are times where messages do not appear at the same time, the message that are sent are delivered whereas the receiver has already received a message and perhaps already replied.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1365,Jeni Nacario,"February 5, 2023","it keeps on notifying that there is a new message from my contacts but when i open the chat head(s), there are no messages. looks like a bug and it's annoying.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1366,kiara hays,"January 10, 2023","I've been using Messenger since I was a kid, it's an app that I've relied on for years to talk to people. I enjoy the cute little features like games, chat customization and emojis. I would really like it if you added scheduled messages and a small status where I can put something like ""Taking a test, message me later"" for everyone to see. Edit: Dropping my rating because these past few months Messenger has been extremely buggy. Please fix this app. Currently a hassle to use.",64 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1367,Beastx TV,"February 16, 2023",The version now is so difficult to use because there's more lag and hang and the bubbles are useless because chat heads are delay and the bubbles are missing sometimes. Old messenger is much better than new version.,0,1,Messenger
1368,Patrick Warby,"January 18, 2023",Trying to login with a deactivated account brings up a screen that's all black with a bulleted list but the letters are blacked out too so the only thing you can click is the agree/continue button..... what are they trying to get me to agree to without my knowledge????,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1369,D Viars,"February 12, 2023",Orginal account got hacked and personal information changed. Facebook is no help at all. Keeps sending me back to online help which is useless since I can't see my account since the hackers blocked me. Started new account and now all I get is error messages. Can read my messages but can't respond to any!!!!,0,1,Messenger
1370,angela cater,"December 21, 2022","I'm disabled, have only the use of one hand, struggle to type. I regularly get through half a message, your app closes down, and I have to go back to the beginning. Thanks for making life even more frustrating.",32 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1371,Hannah Van Scoyoc,"September 23, 2022","Calls don't show up like they're supposed to, just comes up as a missed call (video or audio) and even if all messages are read, it's telling Facebook itself that I have an unread message when I don't. It also tells me I'm not connected to any sort of wifi or mobile data when I am, and have good connection. I've also had issues with messages not wanting to send. I'll have to either connect or disconnect from wifi to get it to go through.","4,106 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
1372,Isip Tristan Lowel S.,"December 18, 2022","The picture quality gets really bad when you view it after it got send from the sender, to the point that you cant even read the words and number in the picture. Please fix there are so many people experiencing this",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1373,Lamia Zaman,"February 12, 2023","(29/07/2021) I dont get any message notification for few days.and most of the time even though I dont see a message, it shows seen already. And not only me my few friends also having the same problem. (12/02/2023) after latest update I'm not getting any message notifications. I even reset my phone thinking that I might have any virus in my phone but the problem is you messager. Fix it.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1374,ᴍɪɢᴜᴇʟ,"February 13, 2023",Another bug from this app. Notifications doesn't work at all. I am surprised that I already have messages so I replied late to those conversations because of the notifications issue. Please fix it ASAP,0,1,Messenger
1375,Robert Pratt,"November 28, 2022",Ever since the latest update in November of 2022 there's been a ton of bugs such as in video chats the screen sharing option has disappeared and my phone's camera doesn't adjust correctly when I turn my screen. Also for over a year now my messenger chat heads don't work. I have them turned on but no matter what I do with my settings when people message me they won't pop up. This seems to be a constant issue for years now and with how many people use this app you think they would fix the issue,486 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1376,Averie Chasteen,"January 3, 2023","My other apps aren't, but Messenger is constantly waiting for connection or connecting to the internet. It logs me out although I didn't switch accounts and it often doesn't notify me of messages. Very inconsistent and perturbing.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1377,Bernadette Jarder,"October 3, 2022","first, videos/audios/photos being sent to me (down)loads so slow like it's taking nearly a half an hour. second, there's always this 'couldn't send this message' thingy when replying to my own message. it pops-up as well when i'm trying to send a video or a couple of photos. also, there's always a delay in receiving a message and it's very inconvenient, so please, please, please, fix this.","8,653 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
1378,Ryan Carlo Alipio,"December 21, 2022","Your features ""bubbles"" instead of ""pop-up"" , doesn't working.. whatever i change in its settings it still doesn't work.. FIXED THAT.! or instead get back the ""pop-up"" feature that help the most!",5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1379,Kristalyn Bajao,"February 17, 2023",More convenient than the other communicating apps I've encountered. I do hope there is an option to look for the files that have been sent.,8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1380,Pavel Dz,"November 7, 2022","The app does not support two Bluetooth devices very well. For example, a Bluetooth in my car and a Bluetooth earpiece, and when I get a call / or I make a call, the app uses random output, although the earpiece is active. And the developers have hidden the audio output settings so deeply that switching something when you are driving is almost impossible. At the same time, in WhatsApp, the developers guessed to make the button for switching the audio output right on the screen.","1,899 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
1381,Liz Hair,"February 17, 2023",When I share a reel link through messenger it doesn't work. It will direct me and the recipient to a completely different reel. Also no matter when some reads a message now it always says it was read at the time I sent it.,0,1,Messenger
1382,Kyle Wall,"February 13, 2023",Not receiving notifications of new messages. Checked all areas and I have it set to notify me of a new message but still not receiving them. I have to open the app to see if there's anything new.,0,2,Messenger
1383,Maria Margie Bacayo,"January 7, 2023","Before I love using this apps but so on ,,having a trouble on the voice clip that I was send to others I notice this issue also before it comes doble sending to the person which I talk to.. please fix this issue thank u...and one thing I notice is can't make a vediocall or call from this apps whats Wrong with it?? Please 🙏 fix the problem ..thank u",24 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1384,Arbrey Graves,"February 13, 2023",Ever since the update I haven't been able to get notifications. It very annoying. Nothing I do helps. I have uninstalled and downloaded again. Same problem.,0,1,Messenger
1385,Lannie Booton,"February 12, 2023","Very cool how this app now gets stuck on the loading screen and crashes. Really useful. Updated three days ago which was a weekend, guess Meta never learnt the worst time to push to production huh",0,1,Messenger
1386,Holly O'Sullivan Jones,"January 7, 2023","I cannot get this app to work at all for me, even though I can see on fb I have 12 msgs to view. When I click on messenger, my screen just goes blank. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, updated fb password etc, but it makes zero difference.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1387,Ayiana McCaw,"January 5, 2023",In the 8 or 9 years Ive had Fb messenger has never loaded past a weeks messages. Ive dealt with it because I either didnt have a phone or I had service to get calls/texts to but for fuxs sake how many years has this app existed? by now we should be able to send ourselves important notes or pictures and be able to find and save them after 2 + weeks. I sent myself everything I needed for work b4 my phone was shut off and now i cant get to any of it. you have the resources so y wont you fix it?,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1388,Em Torres,"January 19, 2023",i hope you can make some adjustments with the BUBBLES. i think it would be better if the chat will pop as BUBBLE eventhough the MESSAGE PREVIEW/NOTIFICATION PREVIEW is turned off. that would be perfect on your next update.,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1389,Deirdre Watkins,"January 8, 2023","One of the worst apps. It keeps saying I have messages on another account and when I go to the account there's nothing there. Nothing in spam folder, nothing in requests. It's extremely frustrating.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1390,Karl Desola,"February 6, 2023","I am facing an issue while trying to send messages on messenger . The error message ""Couldn't Send"" keeps appearing . I have tried various solutions but the issue persists. Please resolve this issue as soon as possible.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1391,Heather Drang,"January 31, 2023",Me facebook messenger won't let me send messages to anyone! It says couldn't deliver with an exclamation point! No matter what I do or try it still isn't working! I've done everything that your help area suggests and nothing works! It's been like this over a week and I need my messenger app to work please and thank you! I talk to my family and friends! Please can you get my messenger app working quickly cause I need it working to keep in touch with friends and family When will you fix the proble,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1392,EnderLa,"February 8, 2023","The app worked fine for well... really long but this morning app stoped working completely, it wont open even after restarting my phone and reinstaling the app and i have no idea what to do anymore Im really sad about that and hope this can be fixed cause using messenger through chrome on phone is pain... but atleast its working unlike actual app",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1393,Helen Bagley,"January 1, 2023",This app has stopped notifying me of new messages for about 4 weeks now. My unread messages were always in bold type until opened. I don't want to have to start using chat heads I find them obtrusive. I use this app for my network marketing business I have missed many messages from customers! I am constantly apologising - this glitch needs addressing,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1394,CptBerns,"December 2, 2022","A week or so ago I updated your app. From then on I have to uninstall it and reinstall it EVERY DAY because I can not open any chats. Yesterday there was another update. I installed it and you bug WAS NOT FIXED! Then why was there an update? Why do app manufacturers update apps that worked perfectly? If it aint broken, DON'T fix it. If it IS broken, FIX IT IN THE NEXT UPDATE!",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1395,Dominic Cunningham,"February 9, 2023","This app used to work about 5 years ago. You could do polls, scroll through messages, and it worked well. Now it never works, can't go back through old chats, and some days it'll just stop working all together.",0,1,Messenger
1396,Desiree Tattersal,"December 26, 2022",Can't load passed certain point after searching a conversation. Don't get me started with audio and calling issues. This just reminds me why I dont update an app if the functions WORKED. I really want to update it so I can stop having to fight with it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1397,Madison Smith,"February 16, 2023","This app used to be good, but now there's too many bugs and it isn't working properly. It stops loading new messages all the time and sometimes you can't even answer incoming calls.",0,1,Messenger
1398,Nex Zapert,"December 5, 2022","Excuse me, do you even know how this app works? There are SO MANY complaints about it and you still give us more and more updates just to make things WORSE. For example, when I try to watch a video in a chat that was sent, let's say, yesterday, I JUST CAN'T. Why? ""Something went wrong"". Fix that please. Another problem is that now I can't even search something in a conversation, because it keeps getting laggy. When you're making an app, try it for yourself to see if it works properly. Please.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1399,Sami's Fitness Zone,"December 25, 2022",I lost one thing from masanger video call of feature background it is very helpful and necessary . After that update is not good. We need video calling background Media feature .. Please add the feature on video call.,36 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1400,Hershey Viloria,"February 13, 2023","The update was so bad please bring back the old messenger I can't click my friends conversation even though my internet is so fast please is it bug??? Please fix it, why i can't see a photo?? My friend send me a photo and I can't see it. It's only says ""SENT A PHOTO"" even though he send me a photo? fix it please balik ka na miss you :<",0,1,Messenger
1401,Lucas Rastia,"January 18, 2023","This thing has been such trash lately. Basic functions will just stop working for no reason (online solutions don't solve anything, and with no updates available you're just stuck dealing with it I guess) and stay that way for days on end then miraculously start working again.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1402,Samia Sowda,"December 5, 2022","Before, you're calling e person in messenger and if he or she is busy in another call then it showed up but now you can't know or see . And also can not see the active status of that person who is in your messenger but not in friend list .... Why ?😒 I mean if you're cheated on you never know or see😴 Please get those feature back where if someone is busy in call can be seen and also the active status of inbox of the persons who aren't in your fb friend list ... Please fix this",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1403,Allysha,"December 23, 2022","It's a really nice app, we can chat people from a far, video call and other features, the problems are, sometimes it won't let me open messenger on a free data, I can't see what others/I replied to, whenever I'm trying to switch account it keeps saying ""something is wrong please try again"" WHICH IT WON'T WORK, please fix these",15 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1404,Jenny Sobczak,"December 1, 2022",Messages are deleting after being sent to my friend. I don't have vanishing mode turned on. I type and it deletes it. Picture quality is now blurry... my pop up bubble disappeared. We don't always get our notifications,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1405,Bby Lemon,"December 17, 2022",I hate it so much when the quality of the picture or the video is worsened and still not fixed and it frustrating too because some of the pics that my friends shared to me is very blurred and I hate it so much. I hope this will be fix because I really love messenger and it's my no. 1 used when it comes to communication with others.,35 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1406,Destiny Destiny,"January 28, 2023","This is like the 4th update & it keeps messing up. I'm getting old messages repeatedly, it's not ringing for phone calls or video chat. My gif options don't pop up. What is going on with the app?? When will it finally be fixed??",10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1407,Ricky Dunbar,"February 14, 2023","Great to stay in touch with loved ones and the calls are really smooth, easy to block people easy to get out of chats and into chats. Overall great experience.",15 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1408,Harshaye Dayal,"January 29, 2023","Been using this app for years but recently for a while now, if someone tries to call me or message me no notification pops up nothing unless i open the app to check it myself. Its quiet annoying because i have to constantly check my phone to see if i have recieved any messages or calls. This is quirt frustrating",0,2,Messenger
1409,Bill Perault,"January 22, 2023","-10⭐s for both facebook & it's messenger because their updates are only seemingly recycled problems. More specifically, messenger doesn't delete calls, becoming harmful to device and data due to the unauthorized storage and data used in an attempt to use tools that do nothing.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1410,belindoe doe,"December 31, 2022","What's happening to the app? I had a lot of notification on and still popping up but here is the case i can't open the messages i had. Am having more than 22 messages now that I can't open. When i tried opening it, it will be downloading the whole day without opening the app unless i cancel it",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1411,Simon,"November 6, 2022",I'm sure the developers either have a high level of incompetence or they want people to move on so they don't have to work. Either way this app is a complete travesty to what it used to be. The latest design is just unintuitive and a disaster. What's worse is that they still haven't fixed the issue whereby notifications of messages are not received and I have to physically open the app to see if any messages have been received. Clearly lack care and professionalism.,627 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1412,Kelsey Sailor,"November 5, 2022","Works great for personal use. I love the option of being able to switch from your personal profile to your business. However, that's when it bugs out. I send messages and it shows i sent nothing, and when i get a response that tends not to show up either unless i completely cancel out. Makes business owners look unprofessional.",388 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1413,Angel Daugherty-Stanley,"January 28, 2023",The update is horrible!!! I keep getting notifications from messages I've already responded to. I have missed calls that I never even got notifications of an incoming call. Please fix these issues fast.,0,1,Messenger
1414,K R,"February 5, 2023","Video calls don't connect! It's been over 2 weeks and calls don't go through to anyone! And when they finally do connect I can't access anything else on my screen, I can't even hang up!",16 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1415,Kill All Humans,"November 18, 2022","What the heck did they do to messenger? The bugs are endless. Search function doesn't work. I can type a word and look for the message I want, but when I tap on it, I get a black empty chat that never loads. Profile function doesn't work, it just shows a semi transparent black screen on top of the previous screen. After this happened, I used the back button, and went back to the (i) section. It never loaded, just showed a completely black screen. Even the bug report function failed!!","6,063 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1416,Michelle Meyer,"December 25, 2022",Messages won't send. The app has a button to click to see why and it suggests to update messenger or check if any recipients are blocked. Neither are a valid reason for my message not to send so there must be a bug.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1417,Craig,"January 14, 2023","This has to be the worst calling app ever, constantly dropping, can't search more han one letter in media share on call most of the time, saus active when your asleep, takes forever to open ... Amongst many other issues the only reason I use this is to stay in contact with my partner while traveling but it's the most unreliable app on the market by the biggest company on the market!",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1418,Kevin Cooper,"February 9, 2023","App stopped working with latest update. I have an older, Galaxy Tab A. I've rebooted a couple of times. The app won't open at all. Any help would be appreciated.",6 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1419,Eduardo Edison Olano,"February 7, 2023","So many bugs , after watching a video or a clip, cant click messages and even the ""replied"" messages wont direct you in the original message. Not as efficient as before",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1420,Yumyum St. Anne,"December 3, 2022",Same complains to others. My messenger started with not being able to open the chat messages and now messenger app is completely not working it just shows the loading sign. I already left it for an hour to load but still didn't work. I already tried reinstalling it and clear data. But it still didn't work. I hope you fixed it.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1421,A K,"February 8, 2023",This has become a bloated and sluggish mess. Syncing messages between apps take so long. So sometimes there are missing messages when you open messenger on another device.,0,1,Messenger
1422,Liloy,"January 13, 2023","I installed the app to my new phone and the notifications were not working well. Messages and calls are not showing, I have to keep the app open to receive the notifications otherwise I will not able to see it.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1423,alex cameron,"January 16, 2023",No longer notified every time when I get a message 🤦‍♂️baisically this app was great years ago but updates that are meant to improve always make things worse. Especially bad when you silent notifications for set periods it will not end until you reopen the app.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1424,Ruiz Bryan Gregorio,"February 17, 2023","Sorry for gaving 1 star AGAIN for this messenger application, because i haven't application on this passing days, i can't open the groupchat now and it's keeps on loading, i can't do the reporting anymore, what happen to the application? Can you fix it as soon as possible..? I hope the GM can read this message so,that they can fix all problems happening on this apps.. thank's and Godbless.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1425,Nevon Griffiths,"January 26, 2023","I have never used a buggier piece of software in my life. This app has had the same bugs since 2018, they haven't patched a single one. Recently, it's become completely unusable.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1426,Hatem Mascara,"February 3, 2023","I can't even see the latest messages. It's bugging so much and when I try to reinstall, the app won't run. Bubbles are literally the worst idea you guys have ever think about. Its bugged, looks ugly, and useless idea. Fix this",0,1,Messenger
1427,Jinger Florence Boongaling,"January 22, 2023","The notifications come in late, even calls. I dont get notified in time so it just comes in as a missed call. Very dissapoiting, especially when Im waiting for specific calls and it also closes unexpectedly.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1428,Angitot Potato (Angie),"December 3, 2022",I love using the video call feature but recently it literally just does not work. If I exit out of the call window I can't open it back up and messenger usually crashes when I do try. I can't even hear the person half the time. I constantly have to hang up and redial. Sometimes when it has to reconnect the stupid beeping sound doesn't stop even after it reconnects and if it does stop then usually my camera gives out and they other person can't see me or I can't see them.,213 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1429,KinG GniK,"December 26, 2022","This app has so many bugs, it really sucks!!!! Fix thosee!!!! Update: Every update of this app, nothing is so useful at all because the of too many bugs and they also remove the button flr taking pictures which a decision really suck, if there would be a better messanging app to rise like this, i will uninstall this app definitely disappointing after every update!",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1430,Arv Valdez,"February 18, 2023","Not good!!!! Messages and calls are always late. This used to be useful and good. But now, its not anymore. I always received messages after 30mins or much longer than that. Its horrible.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1431,JayMark Tababa,"February 12, 2023","Good application, but I hope that you put back the stories button, down, because after I update my app yesterday, the stories button is gone. I hope that you put it back, because I can't see stories now, unlike the past version of the app",2 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1432,Adam Labelle,"February 19, 2023","The app works alright, but I have a big grievance that I'd like looked into. I'd like a feature that allows you to hide people on messenger that you don't want to talk to anymore. People I haven't spoken to in years and don't intend to are shown as active on Messenger. I'd rather just see the people I want to talk to as active.",0,3,Messenger
1433,Tor Arne Nordberg Bergset,"February 8, 2023",Not getting notifications. Makes it incredibly difficult to talk to people when you don't know when they text you back. And it's not a good solution to have to open the app to check for new messages.,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1434,Andrew Jogeeah,"December 20, 2022","Every time this app updates, another random problem arises. NOW, every time I get a message over Messenger and open it for the first time, I receive an orange banner saying ""Something Went Wrong Please Try Again"". Literally every single individual message. Clearing the cache, refreshing and restarting the app do nothing to solve this, so expect this new issue on Android I guess...",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1435,Vanessa Rai,"November 7, 2022",I continously have to uninstall and reinstall when switching between accounts. The app will freeze then black out and say something went wrong then it will flick on and off repeatedly black and white with the same message. It's quite frustrating. I'm getting tired of all the updates jt keeps messing everything up and changing where things are to turn around and have to refind them over and over. If it WASNT BROKEN DONT FIX IT. Leave it alone. Now it's just a disaster.,386 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1436,Freyja Kim,"November 23, 2022","The background problem was fixed somehow, but now this is a persistent problem in which whenever I search for a keyword, I can't load messages before and after the screen which the keyword appeared. It keeps saying there is an error loading messages and, no, it's not an internet connection problem. The app was great before, now it's just full of malfunctionings. Maybe pay more attention to its functionality than monetization?",532 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1437,Mr.Fluffy 69,"December 17, 2022",Messenger is a great way to communicate with friends & fam but the only problem I have is consistently I've been getting bad video quality the audio is great but whenever I try to video call people it's very blurry/pixelated and it's very bad I'd rather use Google duo sense it's extremely clear even with other versions of android and bad call reception other than that messenger is fine,5 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1438,Lewis Silverman,"February 15, 2023","Everything I try to link and send through Messenger, I now get a ""Failed to Load...Try Again Later"" error message. I've sent emails requesting help/suggestions but have not received any response. Customer service seems to be a thing of the past.",0,1,Messenger
1439,Anisha Magar,"December 14, 2022",Am getting issues on call can you fix it. I can't have a good conversation due to the issues of voice which cause me a big issues. I failed my interview because of this problem. So plz fix it for me. The sound stops suddenly and can't keep up the conversation. And also it makes sound like having some error on it so can you fix it plzzzzz.,3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1440,Sabbir Ahmad,"January 1, 2023","Messenger is becoming worst day by day. I uninstall it then install again to solve the problem. Somethings ""people who are active now"" are not working. Many issues are seen in the latest updated version. When someone messages me, I get the notification after few minutes later. It's very annoying.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1441,Jeano Elam,"January 28, 2023",Zero tech support. Have been not receiving notifications and I've been sending technical reports everyday with nothing being fixed. Have tried everything to fix it and now it just crashes every time I try to use it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1442,Jenix,"January 14, 2023",Ive been using this app for a very long time but it somehow got worst. There are alot of bugs that I couldnt reply to group chats and I could see where my friends are replying. Messages are also dissapearing and I couldnt read any past messages. Im hoping you guys could fix this quick ^^,5 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1443,Charles Maras,"February 17, 2023","I can't send/receive a message from one person . Neither of us block or restrict each other . Everytime either of us send a chat it say's that we restricted each other , but we didn't! this is ridiculous ! I already report thru the app I never get any response vand it's been a weeks .",0,1,Messenger
1444,Stephanie Rowland,"October 7, 2022","Not sending messages. My family and I use this app to contact each other because calling and texting through our phone provider is not reliable. There was literally a near emergency this morning and the message would not send! We've all had this issue where time sensitive messages were not sending. As well as where the sender's app will say it sent but it won't even show up at all on the recipient's app. We all have different, but new phones and we always make sure to stick to the updates.","1,096 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1445,Jade Ashley Garcia,"January 1, 2023","ive always been using Messenger but theres this one thing that me and my mom always gets annoyed about. Everytime my mom switches accounts in my phone, it says ""Session Expired"". This doesnt happen often in the past i started searching on how to remove that ""Session Expired"" but i stopped because, it might break my messenger and it might turn into a problem",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1446,Dhale Angelo Santos,"February 14, 2023",Too many bugs. Playing a video from chat heads will eventually stop and then you have to force stop the app from settings. Notifications also appears late.,0,1,Messenger
1447,Rose Gillis,"February 11, 2023",This game is very expensive to play and the game administration will not send new players to your team through the game exam screening app. My team is frustrated and many have said that the game isn't fun anymore. I have repeatedly requested players and all of my messages have been ignored.,0,1,Messenger
1448,Lyj4n,"February 13, 2023","this application has problems updating messages, It's quite ironic seeing that they release so much updates yet only makes problems worse, right now due to this bug in which have mentioned, I am currently unprepared in the now occuring businesses in this day as we use this application to get updates for our matters and I am unable to get any because it failed in updating it, It is not an internet issue as I am constantly connected to the internet. this has happened too frequent to be ignored",0,1,Messenger
1449,Sage Trice,"October 9, 2022","The change to the way photos are sent is SO horrible. It used to just show the most recent image in the gallery, which meant you could take a screenshot and very quickly share that with someone. Now it only shows photos recently downloaded from messenger, and you have to swipe up to get the option to choose a different folder of photos, AND you can't select multiple pictures at once anymore. I would rate 0 stars if I could.","3,819 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1450,Little Stray Kitten,"February 12, 2023","Messages I've sent via PC are missing from the convo on my phone. Also, the app keeps saying I have messages when I don't. Updated to latest version.",0,1,Messenger
1451,Shamima Haque,"February 12, 2023",Have not been able to open the app for the past two days.it just keeps showing the logo.i m not be able to communicate with my friends..as the app is not responding .i have also send report regarding the issue..bt the problem is not solved yet.,10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1452,Roderick D. Gaines Jr.,"January 31, 2023",I have the Samsung galaxy z-fold. I cannot receive incoming calls from messenger. Went to AT&T for trouble shooting. They uninstalled and reinstalled the application. Worked for awhile now not working again.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1453,Lancelot Grafilo,"January 28, 2023","It's more buggy and crashing when video is played, can't backread and can't click on convo it has to be close first then try again many times. The chat head keeps disappearing after another application is open.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1454,Matthew,"December 16, 2022","On a somewhat regular basis I've had messages received, but when I go to the message there is nothing there. For clarity it shoes like a message has been received, but it's blank. I am fairly sure it's been when someone forwarded something.",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1455,Kim Mighton,"February 1, 2023","For the past few weeks, I'm not receiving notifications when someone messages me, and even if I check manually, it doesn't always show up until ages afterwards. Have missed a few important messages as a result.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1456,Jamie Harper,"February 16, 2023","Needs a patch for Microsoft Surface Duo to function better with one OR multiple screens, currently voice notes don't send properly in group chats. Otherwise very good app and works okay.",0,4,Messenger
1457,Jianne Denise Ton,"February 16, 2023","My messages are not delivered and has delays with the notifications. Kept on reinstalling the app, clearing data and caches but still the same. You should do something abt your app!",0,1,Messenger
1458,Collin McAteer,"February 16, 2023","Messages dont deliver fast like they used to, and the app runs slower than normal. I'll never understand how you fix an app that wasn't broken before. Well now it's broken. Thanks. Good job team.",23 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1459,Jason Germano,"February 15, 2023",If I could give 0 star I would like this app is ridiculous yall fix one thing and break another the calling aspect was never as bad as it is now yeah calls dropped but now I can't even call or video chat with someone all we hear is static and then there's the messaging like why with good internet connection can I not get messages photos videos until three hours later? Fix this please,0,1,Messenger
1460,shanto Shaha,"February 12, 2023","After updating messanger is no more opening, it just appearing starting logo. I can't go in to the app. It's very annoying and I can't text and call anybody’s. Please fix it soon.",0,1,Messenger
1461,H L,"February 13, 2023",I have been using this for a few years already and right now it is not responding when i click the app it is just all white! And it is not because for storage space or bugs because the other apps are responding! Can someone fix this please?!,0,2,Messenger
1462,Suresh,"February 7, 2023","It's Good apps and I think Messanger should add some features like ""who can send you message"" ""Can not unblock a person after blocking fix limit of times"" etc I think it's necessary features.",0,3,Messenger
1463,Sans,"January 25, 2023",I am having an issue with messenger. I have data and load but for some reason it won't send to any gc (group chats) but I can chat with people individuality (private message) I have never seen this issue before an It is quite bothersome considering I'm a student and my school gives information and interacts using a gc. I need this fixed,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1464,Marcus Vien,"December 31, 2022","MessengerVsSamsung Simple-Seamless.4****...although.. depending the wits..or lack of... Sometimes my samsung will update, and takes back* a decades lost priority of the 4gSMS interface. 10 years ago you rollin over that fb $$ TryDont ruin your product. Maybe the complacency sets in on FB Exec's & SAMMY needed to remind ZUCK that they are both capable of leverage. Unless I'm the only one deals with default/",11 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1465,RAIMOND REED,"January 5, 2023",Messenger is working fine for me. My big problem is it shows people that are online but I know they are not. Honestly that must be fixed. Imagine trying to reach to someone thinking they're online but the person was actually robbed or killed and some other being is carrying the associated device. That is a problem that must be dealt with.,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1466,Freya Gill,"November 14, 2022","Totally unusable. The app barely ever loads up and when it does I'm not able to switch over to my business page at all. This is so frustrating as I'm not able to read or reply to customers!! This has been happening for about 2 weeks and before this the notifications for receiving messages on my business page didn't work either. This needs sorting ASAP!! Like others have stated I've tried all the troubleshooting tips such as redownloading app, deleting the cache etc and it's made no difference.",444 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1467,Zach T,"February 8, 2023","Last two updates of messenger have had alot of bugs and glitches to the point of frustration, messages never sending, calls not going through, app failing to connect all the while my internet and other apps function as intended",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1468,Man Jay,"October 16, 2022","1. Still unable to play an HD video (that was captured from your phone). 2. When playing a video, and someone (on a group chat) sees it, the video will be closed. 3. After Playing a video, I'm unable to scroll up or down to check other messages/ or play a different video. I'm surprised these issues even exists as there is an update every week.","5,588 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1469,Titania,"February 15, 2023",Messenger is broken!!! I've been waiting for a reply from the receiver for hours!! only to see that the receiver already replied but I cant see it in messenger! its only sent!(My internet/wifi is fine) but in other platform like Messenger in chrome and Messenger Lite/Facebook lite i can see the reply!!! WHAT IS THIS!? IT'S SO ANNOYING! fix this I'm tired of writing reviews and still no progress or reply!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1470,Faye Gemelas,"January 15, 2023",Cannot get speaker phone to work. Audio is very low. Cannot hear the person on the other end. Speaker activates only with video call. When video is off speaker phone will not engage. Very frustrating!!!,28 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1471,Savvas Rodousakis,"October 10, 2022","Sharing to messenger is very unintuitive when compared to other similar apps. You get 2 of your most recent conversations on top and that's it. For any other contact you have to search for among all your contacts. Crop hasn't worked properly since it got reintroduced. When you crop an image, it always gets the edges wrong, then you have to readjust and then it gets them right.",184 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1472,Ashley Moyer,"January 6, 2023","Constantly getting messages stuck in the system to where I have to uninstall and reinstall the app in order to fix the issue, gets annoying seeing messages at the top of my Facebook page when I have nothing on my messenger for messages, I shouldn't have to uninstall and reinstall it just for the issue to go away, the messages should disappear once they are read.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1473,Tom Beverly,"January 8, 2023","I can listen and read without charge and without interruption from intrusive ads. The only negative thing i have to say is; i hate the way it automatically scrolls after every single verse is read. It drives my eyes crazy, Can you fix it to scroll only after it finishes reading the last verse on the screen, not after every single verse? Every time it scrolls , i have to refocus my eyes again, it's the only complaint i have.",14 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1474,Mayraquel Gonzales,"January 29, 2023","It has lot of bugs, like for example i cant send pictures even tho my internet is good. i need to uninstall and download it again. (update post) the app won't open it kept in saying that the app kept on stopping and i need to stop it, now i cant use it. this app kept on getting worse day by day",0,1,Messenger
1475,stupid universe 731C,"December 16, 2022","Ever since the update I've had what I believe to be a big problem. When I write a message and have to do something else and my phone goes to its regular standby and then i come back to finish said msg it's been completely erased. Is this a trend among tech companies or something, are y'all trying to screw over consumers or something, making your product worse and worse??",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1476,Hannah Joy Condea,"February 7, 2023","Well, the app seems good but even I have excellent connection, it doesn't notify, it doesn't refresh, it doesn't have signals?! But I do have load, it's connection seems to be poor or low, update please.",0,3,Messenger
1477,Joseph Emmanuel Patotoy,"February 19, 2023","The app became trash after so useless updates, i can't see or add story, messages doesn't appear, can't search some messages and etc. Please stop adding stupid and useless features and fix the bugs..",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1478,M G Antonio,"January 14, 2023","Since the last update on 2022, I cannot determine anymore if there are new messages. Before all unread and new messages are in BOLD. Now, all messages appeared read already. So I have to check 1 x 1 or rely on the notification to check the messages.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1479,Kirsty Perry,"February 4, 2023",We have a separate account for my husbands business page on Facebook. At least twice a week I have to clear cache and restart my phone to get the app to work and then the most recent messages have gone. It makes our business look sloppy because people can't get hold of us,0,1,Messenger
1480,Kayla Bolton,"February 4, 2023","Invasive of one's privacy. This messaging app is used only to keep in touch with family and close friends, but it glitches a lot. Not worth the risk of one's privacy.",0,2,Messenger
1481,Francisco Mendiola,"December 21, 2022",Fix your app. This app is always ruining the quality of the photos that we send. It became so normal to us to the point where we're not even bothered by it. Even tho we have a good wifi connection.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1482,ne mui,"January 1, 2023",it keeps telling me that it's waiting for connection even though I have a strong connection and it seriously affects whenever someone calls me too. it's a hassle to use when messaging because one moment I'll be chatting like normal then a second later it would suddenly tell me that it's waiting for a connection (when my wifi connection is still strong!),1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1483,GLXYA,"December 12, 2022","Throughout the years of using messenger, I always thought I'm the only one who had been experiencing some kind of bug when watching videos or searching certain messages but no I'm not the only one and it's really awful experience today.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1484,Fenella Aerica,"October 5, 2022","I sometimes don't know why my messages aren't sent at all. I've already checked my wifi and my phone for viruses, but neither is the issue. Please fix this bug. Sometimes my messages are important, then all of a sudden they won't work or send at all. It makes me irritated. Sometimes I can't even send videos or photos because it feels like you're sending them forever. When the video starts to send, the video will go black and if you touch the video again, it will immediately exit the convo.","1,461 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1485,John Carlo Candido,"January 31, 2023",there's a lot of bugs and the bubble thing is so annoying the auto seen even if i did not open the conversation and sometimes it didn't pop up when i recieve some messages this is a wonderful app so please fix the problems especially that bubble thing.,0,1,Messenger
1486,Vince Reyna Rose Castro-Sumanoy,"December 9, 2022","After the updte, my unread messages aren't shown in bold letters even I haven't opened it yet. No way to distinguish if I haven't read the message. Please fix it. I already uninstalled and reinstalled the application.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1487,M A (Merr),"February 8, 2023","Just noticed ads on my messenger. Been using my phone for a long time and why I can't remove all this ads?? It would be better if we have our own choice not to get this unwanted ads, it's so annoying!!!!",0,1,Messenger
1488,Srocka,"February 15, 2023","A lot of bugs, can't even open app right now. Sometimes messages disappears, notifications about new messages arrive after few hours since I read it.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1489,Yvonne Beahm,"December 19, 2022","Every few days for no reason at all my messages keep getting blocked, I can see other people's messages I can video chat but, I cannot reply to the messages! When it does work it's only for a few hours at a time and then my messages get blocked again.",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1490,T'Keyaha Sawyers,"December 26, 2022",Edit: stickers are working perfectly now but links from the share option in other apps won't display. Stickers and gifs no longer work and freeze the network communication. Please fix :( The app worked great before the latest update.,36 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1491,Tomasi Rasoqosoqo,"December 27, 2022",Muted a group chat but it keeps popping up in my notification which I've already turned off. Switching between accounts is kinda difficult whereas when I login into a different account it logs me straight out so I have to clear the apps data in order to get it in.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1492,Armagn G,"November 29, 2022","I've not been able to open conversations since last week. I get ""connecting..."" even though I have working internet wifi at home. Clearing data temporarily fixes the issue but it will reoccur mere seconds after opening a convo. Uninstalling then reinstalling doesn't help. Even ""report a technical issue"" won't work as it does not detect that the phone is online and gets stuck in finishing the bug report. Over all such a hassle",382 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1493,Ellen McQuaid,"January 28, 2023","I had no trouble with Messenger until about 2 weeks ago. Last week I had to uninstall and reinstall daily for about 5 days in a row. Worked ok for a few more days, now it keeps crashing again. Uninstalled and reinstalled AGAIN. Hoping for a resolution to this. This app is garbage. I'm now uninstalling and reinstalling daily. 1/28/2023",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1494,Angelina Germenis,"December 4, 2022",When someone is calling me i can only hear the ringtone there is no drop box with the name of caller and no phone icon at the top of my screen if i miss the call which is 99% of the time. The only way i can answer a call is if I'm expecting a particular person and i have to open the app and choose the conversation of that person then choose the phone icon at the right corner next to the video icon .. I don't know if anyone else that had made this claim.. MESSENGER FIX THIS PLEASE,8 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1495,Matt Rolfe,"December 10, 2022",Wildly unreliable. Message notifications received but messages not visible. This is often mid conversation on both the personal profile and the business page. Not at all useful for customer service.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1496,Trevor Harris,"January 7, 2023","Eats up a huge amount of battery life. There is also a longstanding bug that hasn't been fixed since it first started 3 years ago where the app glitches when you try to play a video in a chat. Happens on all android phones, all versions",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1497,Kathleen Chaela Pasion Ligot (Chaela),"November 29, 2022","I can't open my messages since last night! I've sent two reports already, but there's no progress yet. This is disappointing, and very inconvenient! It started when I switched my account to another account. Consequently, I can no longer open my messages. The bug from the recent update made me uninstall this app. It's frustrating.","2,310 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1498,A Google User,"January 17, 2023","all of a sudden, i wont receive notifications. the chatheads is pretty annoying. sometimes it works sometimes it wont. cant rely on notifications anymore because I can wait like half an hour of chat but turns out it wont notify me..i still have to check on the app itself. tsk",0,1,Messenger
1499,Elleistic _,"February 12, 2023","stop with your unnecessary updates, it doesn't help with the improvements of the app, you can't backread and sometimes it just crashes, it blacks out too when using voice messages, very shtty app.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1500,Tanner Dunkel,"January 25, 2023",Facebook has continuously reduced the quality of photos and videos able to be sent on messenger on Android only. Videos now cap out at a highly compressed 360p essentially making it useless to even send videos to friends.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1501,danielle shaw,"January 9, 2023",Messenger is not notifying me when people send me messages even though all the notification settings are on. I have to keep opening the app just to check if anybody has messaged me. Not ideal. I also know this is happening to others and not just me,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1502,Zach Painter,"February 13, 2023","No longer getting notifications. Stopped 2 days ago. Notifications are on, I have Uninstalled and reinstalled app and even factory reset phone but still no notifications. This is very frustrating.",0,1,Messenger
1503,Camille palomo,"January 8, 2023","This app is great but,i only rate it 2 star is,it has Audio problem and kept saying,""please Try again"" please try again,and Sometimes when i send messages it won't send and when i try to send another message it will took 2 mins to be send it's so delay!! PLEASE FIX IT ASP!",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1504,Edward Encarnacion,"December 3, 2022",this app is the worst when your calling someone!!! It keeps saying poor connection and hanging!!! This is the worst my internet is full bar and i try to use other app to check if my internet is slow but when i try it it load faster !! The only problem is the app!!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1505,Coltin,"January 30, 2023",Way to cluttered. It's messenger not Facebook itself only should be seeing messages not stories and posts from people actually on Facebook. The app doesn't actually show who is online and not online literally switches them out of nowhere while trying to scroll to find a chat. Will say a message is read when it hasnt been also. If they're going to make messenger do everything the actual Facebook app can do its time to get rid of one of them. Facebook as a whole deserves 0 stars.,0,1,Messenger
1506,Megaman Z,"December 1, 2022","WTH is going on with this app??? Since the last update, every time I try to make a call it either cuts off halfway or it doesn't connect. I have to make several calls just to make sure that I can see the person I'm talking to. FIX IT!!",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1507,Marwyl Dy,"February 5, 2023","Buggy and kinda trashy after the update. Takes too long to load even with good internet. Really disappointed with how this turned out. Chats don't open or takes too long to open. All in all, trash.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1508,Anya Blaze,"January 2, 2023","At the beginning, this app worked fine. But most recently I have been experiencing glitches that are very frustrating to say the least. Too many to list right now, but enough to make me question if the updates actually fix any thing.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1509,Tafsia Hashem,"December 5, 2022","Messenger is so slow since the new update. When I click on the message, it takes time to show the message. When I send something, it takes time. Everything is slow in this version. This version is completely ridiculous.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1510,jessica gardner,"January 3, 2023","Not functioning very well right now. App won't open when clicking on notifications, can't access any previously shared media or anything like that. Not getting some notifications.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1511,Jade Norbe,"November 30, 2022","Full of bugs. Muting a group chat or person doesn't work as their messages neither by notification or chat head continues to pop. Archiving also doesn't work. Before, I have the option to keep in touch with some people without having to deal with their continues messages or whatsoever but now, they just pop out. The restrict feature is fine but I don't like the fact that you have to search for the whole name of a person you've put there to gain access again so I'll stick with archive. Fix it.",608 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1512,Xuan,"January 31, 2023","I want to have custom notification sounds for specific people, but because my phone is android (Samsung note 20 ultra), it doesn't work for me even though I set the custom sound. It seems that only Apple users can enjoy this custom notification feature.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1513,Haley Barber,"January 21, 2023",My god fix this stupid app. Constantly freezes when watching videos. Have to force close the app for it to work again. Or hard reset my phone. Pictures I send don't show up in chat. It's ridiculous.,0,1,Messenger
1514,Thomas Cohee,"January 27, 2023",The app hasn't been connecting calls properly. It will spend 5 mins trying to connect to the other person even though they are online and active. This app is starting to turn into litereal trash.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1515,AlwaysScreaming101,"December 25, 2022","Simce the latest update, new emojis were missing and I can't receive notifications on time even tho I have fast connection. I also tried to uninstall and reinstall, restarted my phone, but still the same. Wish I haven't updated it to the latest version.",25 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1516,Kathleen Stoner,"February 18, 2023","Glad I reviewed the reviews, cause hubby blamed ME for messing with the app.🤔The app has deteriorated SIGNIFICANTLY since the latest update. Unable to view photos and most all messages. Going to try and eliminate latest update. This sucks badly.😖",0,1,Messenger
1517,Tatsumaki Gaming,"February 17, 2023","This app is broken. Can't receive messages on time. Can't use the search bar, i thought my internet connection is weak but the app has the problem. You have to fix it asap.",0,1,Messenger
1518,Kristi Strelow,"January 12, 2023","My fave for text. I love that i can FB message and text from one app, as there are some people i use messenger with instead of phone text. BUT it's not available on my Samsung phone, so I'm going to be forced to switch apps as default on my phone. And I won't be getting my messenger notifications on my watch. Make a version for Samsung watch!!!",6 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1519,Althea Bermuda,"January 16, 2023","I don't like the new update, bubble won't work and it's very hassle to switch apps/tabs for me to send messages. I like the chat heads way more better because it's very convenient. Please, bring back chat heads.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1520,Joseph Van San Andres,"January 7, 2023",The Chat Bubble is TOO BUGGY. I'd rather honestly prefer the Chat Heads before and since its less hassle. (The app keeps getting and getting of bad 🤦‍♂️ Tbh I'd totally prefer the older version.. This one I have is buggy af. Most of the time the messages gets mixed up and confused like you're talking recently then the message from the day even before yesterday shows out of nowhere even if it's already been sent days ago and even if there's a recent conversation on going.. Now another problem..),64 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1521,Kelley Phipps,"February 5, 2023",Constantly being logged out while using the app. I changed my password and it's still happening? This is concerning. This has been going on since 2/3/23. Today's update did not fix the issue.,0,1,Messenger
1522,ARA Andhini,"February 13, 2023",I can't access this app almost a week. It just freeze and then force stop. Even the Lite version one is also the same. I can only access the chat from browser 😑 please fix this!!!,0,1,Messenger
1523,QueenNAIIILGaming,"February 13, 2023",The app isn't bad I just keep having an issue where when I go into the app sometimes when j go to a conversation I archived it acts like I deleted the conversation and I have to exit and reenter the app 1 or 2 times before the conversation reappears so I can see it.,0,3,Messenger
1524,Patrick Crail,"January 13, 2023",This app has been very buggy lately. I've had to uninstall and reinstall periodically just to resolve some issues for a short period until I have to do it again. Very frustrating since I use messenger as my main form of communication.,366 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1525,Jezreel Fernandez,"October 12, 2022","This used to be my fave messaging app not until I've encountered a lot of unfixed bugs. In the midst of video streaming, when a person have seen and sent a message, it stopped and glitches- freezing on screen. There are times my I can't seem to sent a message and receives an error prompt. This issue have been happening to my friends too with different smartphone brands. Also disappointed that I can no longer send a file format (pdf, word, txt, etc.) and .gif format images via mobile.","1,695 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
1526,Charlie Dane,"February 13, 2023","Stop neglecting to give me notifications Edit: why is this app even more broken? I change my PFP and Half my friends can't see the change and sometimes gifs and pictures won't even appear. They're just texts that go ""___Sent a GIF/Photo"" and it's annoying",0,2,Messenger
1527,Ashley Moorefield,"September 13, 2022","When I open the app It flashes like a strobe light with an error message stating, ""something went wrong"" However, it is flashing so frantically that I can't click anything on the screen. I have to then shut my phone off. When it comes back on I Uninstall the app for a few hours and reinstall it for it to work. But it only works for maybe a day before it does it again. I make sure it's updated and everything. But it is way too much work to properly view a message.","6,763 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1528,Rhainielle Oafallas,"January 10, 2023","best app ever, I can text my friends even they're far away from me and I text some random person to be friends with em! Please add ""Edit text"" so if I ever misspelled something I can edit the what I text!! And I have problems too like when I log in to my acc it says ""Log in expired"" and I can't even log in to my acc! Please fix this bugs",5 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1529,Clayre W.,"February 1, 2023",Use to be better but now its a 50/50 if ill get any notifications or receive the messages. If the chat bubble isn't on screen (which it'll suddenly disappear on itsown) I normally don't get any notifications until I open the app and refresh it several times.,2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1530,Sherri G,"December 16, 2022","Used to love it. If there was a recent update it has glitches. Messages not showing, new messages aren't highlighted so I don't see that someone has messaged me. Pretty disappointed in the app now.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1531,Pierre de Man,"November 8, 2022","After the last update, the UI had a makeover. Now need to look careful where everything is. Also the notifications is not always working. 8 out of 10 times i dont get a notification. No popup, no sound, nothing. Only when i open the app i can see that i missed several notification. Checked all my setting and everything looks the eay it should be. Hope this will be fixed as soon as possible.",265 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1532,Debera Despois,"February 1, 2023","I've been hacked soooo many times on this app, I rarely open a post before I ask the sender if it was them! My whole friend list has been affected and it's just not worth the problems it's causing 😫😒😞",0,1,Messenger
1533,Roxanne Mae Lim Ciocson,"February 20, 2023","It's really frustrating! You guys keep updating but useless features. Just please, fix the bugs, it's really annoying.",0,2,Messenger
1534,Lily Anne Ogayan Linglingon,"February 17, 2023",The recent updates shows the exact time when the reciever receives and seen the message. Now I can't see the real time my message is seen. Please bring back that feature,0,4,Messenger
1535,Chin Mirhan,"February 3, 2023","TOO MANY BUGS. I can't even unsend messages when i accidentally send something, and sometimes the keyboard disappears in the middle of typing. Now i can't unsend messages again. Frustrating.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1536,Trickk Jxa,"December 1, 2022","I've been always experiencing a bug, it won't open and just loading whenever I'm switching or logging out in my account. Please fix it, it's frustrating, it always happens to me even to my friends. It's the same problem with Facebook, what's happening.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1537,Mary Thomas,"December 9, 2022","This app is not improving. In order to clear out a notification that I had a message even after I've read it, I have to do other things to clear it out. It won't do it on its own. I wish it had a mark everything as read like on email or text messages. This is so frustrating.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1538,James Anderson,"October 31, 2022","This app gets worse with every update that comes out. Currently experiencing bugs ranging from it showing others typing when they are not, read receipts showing the same time as the message was sent instead of when it was actually read, and the app clearing out everything that has been typed in a message draft if the app needs closed out of or locked unexpectedly. And what's impressive is that one update didn't break it; each update adds a new bug to the already established ones.",224 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1539,Lashunda Jacobs,"February 13, 2023","Having a issue with the chat heads not popping up and not receiving notifications. This new update is not good. Not being able to get notified of messages, big no no.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1540,Tony honeycutt,"January 13, 2023",My Samsung updated and Marketplace messages won't load now. It separates Marketplace messages from chats. The chats messages are listed but all Marketplace messages are now gone and won't show at all. My work phone is an I phone it is working correctly but not my personal android phone.,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1541,Vincent R (Flagada002),"December 8, 2022","Not great, but only way to get in touch with some of my contacts... the android notifications no longer disappear if you decide to look at messenger via your computer. Every update changes the UI lately... make up your minds.",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1542,Aldrin Jeroh Castillo,"December 20, 2022",Buggy update. The camera always closes when I want to multitask within messenger app or use the phone to do other things while video calling. How many times do you need to update a working app without messing the actual use of the app itself? Fix the bug or fault you dipped in.,16 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1543,Lynne Chen,"January 17, 2023","I had using this app in long time ago, everything was okay before. But these few months, once get updated then ask for reinstall again and again, and will receive the issue with after reinstall click on login the app takes long time and non stop keep on loading and loading and loading ...",0,2,Messenger
1544,Casey,"January 11, 2023",I give it three stars because they took off the 📌. I can't pin messages anymore. Me and my best friend only message through this app because of the options it has. We loved being able to pin important messages. Put it back!,0,3,Messenger
1545,Brinda,"February 13, 2023","Everything was okay till the date but its been 3 days and i m not able to open this app.everything tried-reinstallation,password change, reboot but doesn't work.it shows up total white or black screen and then notification of not responding comes.Hope this problem is solved on time.",0,2,Messenger
1546,Amber Wallace,"September 5, 2022","Recently all my videos that were shared through messenger have gone black and say something went wrong, try again later, but the message never goes away. This only the latest issue with this app, have have many problems the past few years. I hope this gets fixed as I have a lot of school videos to download to my computer and don't want to lose them.",483 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1547,George Sigalas,"February 11, 2023","Messages aren't being sent, UI is filled with inconsistencies and bugs. Overall, I'm starting to move towards other social platforms... Truly sad.",0,1,Messenger
1548,Gregory Kline,"February 9, 2023",The Messenger app is only opening to a blank white screen with nothing loading at all. I've done two uninstalls/installs and that has not fixed the problem. Terrible!,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1549,John Pinegar,"February 17, 2023",I have been having lots of issues the past couple of days. Messages taking to long to load and send and I have uninsalled and reinstalled many times today and when I sign in to my messenger it says loading and signing in but never does. Please help.,0,2,Messenger
1550,Ray Lonette,"December 30, 2022","Little intrusive at times because the notification immediately raises your mates suspicions but overall it's useful and running smoothly now. So in instances where no cell service is an issue, you can always count on messenger to get in touch with friends and family",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1551,James Alexander (Bimster),"February 12, 2023",All I know is Messenger is down to two stars. I don't know what you doing but you're making it virtually impossible to contact people anymore. I'm losing friends because of this Google changing the messenger and Facebook and nothing works anymore can contact me anymore. Seemed like a good way to lose your your friends because you can't contact what's the phrase no more because you don't allow it. Turn into a dictatorship comida Facebook in messenger pay is for Birdman gave you the water off is a,39 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1552,Clarisse Perez Asañon,"February 11, 2023",I can't access my Messenger the whole day today 2/11/23 What seems to be the prob? I tried uninstalling it and re installed but no luck! Kindly help me out here! I use it for my business so it's very important to me to have it. STOP updating it so often! WE DON'T even use ALL those features anyway.,0,1,Messenger
1553,Cane Escabarte,"November 27, 2022","3 days ago I encountered a problem with this app. I can't seem to open my messages. I tried to uninstall and reinstall, restart my phone and all, still to no avail. I ended up using the Lite version which is mostly conducive for chats only. I've seen people posting the same problem that I encountered. I hope you'll be able fix this ASAP. Thank you.",442 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1554,Tyler Gamber,"November 2, 2022","This is a bad app. If you need to switch accounts, YOU CAN'T. The option exists but it doesn't work. You will get stuck in an infinite loading screen and then messenger won't even load the original accounts messages anymore either. This app is broken and it's ridiculous that you can have the option to have multiple accounts but no ability to use them at all.",397 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1555,Rawb Wayland,"January 29, 2023",I've been using this for a long time and all of a sudden after the last update both my wife and I have had a really hard time ending calls. We both have Samsung A-71 5G's. Not sure if it's a Messenger issue or a Samsung issue or both.,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1556,Jan Lopez,"December 9, 2022",Has a bug that makes your videochat make a static echoing sound when the other person talks. May change this if the bug disappears. Edit: They have fixed the issue and I will change the rating on this. Thank you.,26 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1557,Aleigha McKinley,"February 17, 2023",It used to be so quick and efficient until recently. Now I miss multiple messages or else I can't see if mine go through. I'm messing up marketplace deals sll because I can't even answer a message. Its so frustrating.,0,1,Messenger
1558,Adrienne Ira,"January 26, 2023","it's my main messaging app, but I'm getting fed up with these new features that are just unnecessary. one of them is the new bubbles feature, it's so annoying. the chat heads were fine to begin with, no need to fix what's not broken in the first place. please bring them back",0,1,Messenger
1559,Roger Postell,"October 7, 2022","I loved the app been using it for a long time now but recently it's starting to be EXTREMELY buggy. Gifs don't load half the time, if someone sends you a video it will play the sound from the video but not actually play the video. Almost everything I do in the app nowadays I have to close the app and reopen it. I've tried deleting it and redownloading it and still same issues that's been going on for a long time. It's honestly just really bad on android. I have the Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra","1,217 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
1560,Joseph,"December 3, 2022",Have to only give it 4 stars it is noisy. The instructions for turning prompts on/off need improvement plus not that accessible. Android users have tuffer time with the commands. This opinion is based on having a messenger application only.,18 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1561,Bartosz Falkowski (-Demonos-),"December 19, 2022","If my friends weren't on this app I'd ditched it long time ago. I have constant issues with notification - very often i don't get any, messages delayed 20 minutes and do on. On different phones the same bad experience",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1562,Adrienne Reign Dalino,"January 19, 2023","I have never had any complications before. Everytime I open my chatheads, it does show the chats. When i go to my chats to pick one it just loads. Then theres this ""Something is wrong. Please try again"" even if my phone was fine.",0,2,Messenger
1563,Dwight Shealey,"January 21, 2023",Clearly disappointed it's telling me a lot of people and I mean a lot of people that I've been friends with years are not getting my messages not if it's a picture or two words perhaps this my phone I thought updating messenger would help but it is not !!!and I'm looking at the critical reviews and it asked if it was helpful and I say yes and they thank you for my feedback even though I'm saying yes it's showing me how bad the app is... Meta mess!!,0,1,Messenger
1564,dylan white,"December 28, 2022","Something is wrong with the app, it won't give me notifications no matter what. All the settings are set to the correct option and even with prioritized notifications it doesn't ping",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1565,Rahima Robles,"January 4, 2023",Please fix the errors. There are so many errors and it's not enjoyable to use anymore. You can't even recieve messages even if your chat heads was on. You need to open the app first before you noticed that someone has called you or send you a message. Stop adding some spice and please fix the error first!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1566,Shannon Yap,"February 12, 2023","So much bugs :( problems i had: messages aren't arriving on time, notification alerts me with seen messages, and messenger doesn't alert me we notifications anymore even tho notification settings are turned on.",0,2,Messenger
1567,Fairooz Raisa Mridula,"February 17, 2023","New conversations aren’t updated. I can continue my conversation from my laptop. But when I open my messenger on phone, it will show that the other person hasn’t received the message. Where we have been messaging for hours through my laptop.",0,1,Messenger
1568,Midyy,"February 19, 2023","I like the app, but for some reason chats disappear. If I haven't messaged them within a few hours their chat disappears, making me miss messages. I hate this update, all old chats should stay unless deleted by the user. Also sometimes I'm not even notified when I get a message.",0,3,Messenger
1569,Lady,"January 10, 2023","What's up with messenger nowadays? Why does it have so many weird glitches like it won't notify me when I receive a message, even when my internet is not slow, an orange notifcation saying ""Something went wrong"" comes up when I open my chat heads, and when I click and play a video, messenger will start glitching out again. Please fix these problems. :)",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1570,Noble Strength,"December 24, 2022","The voice clip option keeps disappearing, and nothing ever wants to load properly. I'm not sure what's going on, but this app definitely isn't great.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1571,Rony Chy,"January 12, 2023","Sir, even after exiting messenger it still shows active after 6/7 hours. But after turning off the second person's data, it shows active only on messenger. And suppose I sent the SMS at 1.20pm but the second person seen the SMS at 2.20pm even then when I see the seening time it shows the seen time at 1.20pm. This problem has been appearing for the past few days. What is the solution? Please solve this problem.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1572,Zhou Obena,"February 3, 2023",I don't like the latest update where we can't unsent stuff? I accidentally sent a photo to a professional GC and suddenly I can't unsent it. I highly recommend to bring back the unsentttt feature!,8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1573,Rhonda Leone,"December 23, 2022","For some reason the automated app blocked. Said I was blocked for 3 days for using chat against community standards. They will not contact back or let me know what it was, for the life of me can't fine any information. Not a great app if you need constant contact with family and friends abroad. Very poor app in receiving feed back Very very poor in able to receive any resolution. Wake up Meta",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1574,Caroline Gilbert,"February 11, 2023","Absolutely shocking you send a message it doesn't show in the app, you have to go into app to see if you have messages, this past week it's been shocking it's about time it was sorted",0,1,Messenger
1575,Micah Thompson,"September 19, 2022","It is no longer usable. It would completely freeze when I opened it. Naturally, I uninstalled and reinstalled it to see if it was something corrupted. I also clear cache and storage. After reinstalling it will open to a loading screen, and after 30 minutes of having the loading screen up I have given up. I use this app for certain groups my business needs to communicate with and now I am unnable to do that","2,187 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1576,Chris Peckover,"December 6, 2022","The app used to be fine, however notifications are now completely broken. They'll show up sometimes hours after a message has already been seen and responded to, making the feature completely useless.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1577,Sineare Flynn,"December 12, 2022",I have arthritis and usually use the microphone for texting but holding the microphone in order to text is very inconvenient and I can't seem to find another app to replace. Please update that feature I just got this phone and I'm 70 yrs old,2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1578,Margaret Lo,"December 29, 2022",Been experiencing crashes.. sometimes it says an error occured. This time i needed to uninstall it coz it wont open It's so frustrating to keep on missing unread messages because the updated app's read and unread messages look the same.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1579,Keri Milliken,"January 31, 2023",For some reason I can't get incoming calls. It doesn't show me that anyone is even calling. I don't know anyone called me until I've already missed the call. I've Uninstalled the app I've allowed all notifications and it still won't let me get calls.,0,2,Messenger
1580,Konstantinas Otas,"February 12, 2023",All of a sudden the app stopped starting. Just black screen and after a while the message that app was not responding. It started after last update 395.0.0.10.75 that was automatic.,0,1,Messenger
1581,Ryan Ealy,"December 3, 2022",I am becoming irritated. With each update something else goes wrong. When I receive a new message they no longer appear BOLD. Which is frustrating. I don't know what is new and what unless I go into the message and look.,2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1582,Mk3L gaming (MkeL),"January 27, 2023","Cant use the app.Its constantly telling me to check if i am connected to the internet when i clearly am.I am able to use every other app but facebook at the moment.Found another problem where after a call my phone stays in ""in-call"" mode which makes my phone go silent and it is fixed when i disable microphone permission for messenger. Please fix asap.Now certain functions are super buggy.",103 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1583,Awais Khan,"November 26, 2022","I've been using this application for a long time and so everything is fine. When i open the messenger it show connecting on top for a long time plz fix it. And the most disturbing thing is that after messaging a stranger who is not a friend, he joins the list and does not delete. Please fix this problem so that they can be easily removed from the list. New feature profile change from messenger not good please go back version.😒","9,184 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1584,Leona Rizza Ebitner,"November 27, 2022","I can't open my messages in my phone, but still able to do so on my tablet. Since I've updated this app in my phone, I get no notifications and messages whatsoever. I've already tried the uninstall-reinstall trick, the restart, and the software update. Still no luck. 11/27 Update: Can't open messages in my tablet, too.",310 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1585,Yani,"December 16, 2022","This app wasn't it used to be many years ago. Glitches and bugs here and there. Delay in sending and receiving messages, chat heads are not working properly anymore and connection errors despite constant connection.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1586,Lachlan,"November 23, 2022","The latest update has made it so that whenever I zoom in on an image in a conversation, I can't exit the photo full screen. The navigation arrows disappear unless I press the ""More"" button, and even then the back arrow won't work and I have to close the app to use it again. This also happens for pop out chat heads. Other than that I haven't had any troubles with it 🤷‍♂️","2,631 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
1587,MG Del Rosario,"February 12, 2023","My messenger app won't open, I try to restart my phone, uninstall and reinstall the app but it doesnt open again and again this issue makes my head hurts. Kindly fix this issue ASAP cause this app is important for me to read messages and reply to chats. Thank youu",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1588,johanna cabiara,"November 28, 2022","Too much annoying ads!!! This app is invading your personal space due to tons and tons of ads showing. I'm doubtful to follow pages because of this. Can we go back to the old settings where there are no irrelevant, uninteresting, and repetitive ads??? I swear I am just waiting for a day that FB will have a competitor and I'll switch!!!",212 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1589,Anya Russell,"December 21, 2022","Because I had a business account linked to my account, if I were to ever go and message someone it would bug out and ask me to login but then it wouldn't take me to the person I want to message and take me in circles of the login screen on messenger! How can such a basic messaging app be so problematic?? Facebook needs to be willing to spend a bit of money to get decent programmers in... I could have done a better job when I was in college.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1590,Ekta Sharma,"February 11, 2023","Messenger stopped working from last two days , someone please look into it on priority basis. Something went wrong just blank white screen pops up and the it's got frozen. Kindly check this, I'm raising a request but getting zero response",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1591,Charlita Babael,"January 29, 2023","Messenger is getting crazy. My friend questioned me today why I called him at 2:30am his time and that's 4:30pm my time. He said he received a notification that I called him at 2:30am. I didn't made any call and couldn't even find any record on my messenger that I made a call or might accidentally made a call on that time. Also experienced 2 times already receiving a call but when I click the ""answer"" there's no call at all and no record to be found on that false call.",1 person found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1592,michelle travis-bradford,"December 17, 2022","I have an onn tablet. And Every time I try to log into it(messenger) , it says: ""error eccored"" and I've tried with my Facebook password, didn't work, ive even looked up why I couldn't log in. It's said to make sure I had the up to date app. Looks like it to me!(with this problem the app is like... Taken up space on my tablet..an app I can't use cause I'm CAN'T log in.)",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1593,Lisa M,"January 16, 2023","I like this app. It's great for communication. However, the one major flaw is that you can't delete people. We used to be able to, i don't know why they removed it. I use messenger for both personal and work communication and i have so many ""contacts"" I've only ever spoken to once in my life, and I'm stuck with them. I want to remove them forever.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1594,Tricia May Asuncion,"February 12, 2023","The latest update doesn't work at Xiaomi phones (mostly). It's been 2 days already. It stays with either a white screen or a messenger logo, and will prompt a ""messenger is not responding"" message after a few minutes. Please fix it.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1595,Cat Manno,"January 24, 2023","For two days now the market place messages don't notify you that someone has messaged about an item and the chat head no longer appears, have lost lots of buyers for this reason now... I have to open up messanger every few minutes to see if anyone has messaged me, which is very very inconvenient. I can get up to 100 messages a day for my items and only realised something wasn't right as in two days didn't get any notifications and when I did open messanger their was 100s of messages from buyers",18 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1596,Brandi Willison,"January 12, 2023","More often than not I can't send messages. They just sit there with the check but it never turns blue. So, it can be days before someone gets my messages. Same issue on business suite. This is holding my business back as well. Please FIX IT",6 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1597,Led Z,"January 13, 2023","Why no option to delete people who have once messaged me without blocking them??? Please make an option to actually delete names of people who might have PM'd me once or twice and likely never will again! I'm stuck with these names coming up in my collection every time l want to send something to multiple people. I want to delete names WITHOUT actually blocking them, which is the only way!!!",0,3,Messenger
1598,Christian Ewican,"February 12, 2023","Stuck at loading screen, won't load until this point. Already restarted my phone several times, uninstalled and installed the app, cleared cache, forced stop, and even cleared messenger data, still won't load.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1599,Sofia G.,"November 2, 2022","For the past three days the app is not working at all. Each time I tried to open it, both the screen first and then the phone ""freeze"" and become unresponsive. I have to restart the phone each time. I tried the app on an another device (older android version) and it works. I've checked for updates, there are no (it's updated).",268 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1600,Karen Levey,"December 25, 2022","In the most recent update the unread messages aren't bold, there is only a very subtle difference, so it's very difficult to tell which chats are new. It's very frustrating to use.",11 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1601,Matthew Binnie,"December 28, 2022",Shows messages are available but won't open. For 2 weeks it has shown that there's a message with a 1 in a red circle. Yet when I open it I get just a blank white page. It's now showing 3 in the red circle and still won't show anything.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1602,Daniel Dorovský,"September 5, 2022","The app is worse and worse with every update. Functions randomly change or disappear without a warning (such as editing photos before sending or the new design/system of the chat heads which is a terrible mess). There are blatant glitches that are never fixed (like that scrolling through the chat takes effect in the opposite direction). Also, usually, I don't get notified about incoming messages. I cannot comprehend how such an a) simple and b) popular app can be so horrendous.",287 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1603,Chelsea Garrett,"February 7, 2023",It's constantly glitching. I don't know how many people I end up leaving on read because I get tired of sending the same message multiple times just to have it glitch out and delete it when I push send,0,1,Messenger
1604,Jerra Monzon,"November 28, 2022","Too much changes. Replacing the chat hrads with bubbles is incredibly a bad idea. sending a video and cutting it, then it will not play again. viewing a video in the chat once and trying to watch it again, the ""something went wrong. try again later"" will appear. I don't know why you need to put such a change even if it's unnecessary.","2,247 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1605,GLENN LUNA,"February 19, 2023","To many bugs. When i was chatting someone, when i was typing suddenly our conversation got deleted and then automatically restrict the person i was talking to even i unrestrict them it's always restricting them again and again. Also the notification has a bug it's always late",0,1,Messenger
1606,Nathan Vizcarrondo,"December 12, 2022","My messages were stuck on ""Sending"" but would never send. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app and now it won't even let me log in as it stays loading for long periods but never gets anywhere. Messenger Lite lets me log in just fine, but lacks the convenience that regular Messenger has. Please fix this",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1607,Rochelle Joy Quinto,"November 28, 2022","Been encountering errors in my messenger and as of now, I can't open any chat no matter how hard i click. Tried to reboot and reinstalled the app but it didn't work. I have enough storage, my app is updated, i have no restrictions and my device is connected to the internet. I had no choice but to use the lite version and its really frustrating. Hoping to fix this asap.",275 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1608,Aidan McLean,"January 8, 2023","It's clear the executives and head developers no longer care about making a good product. My favourite features keep getting removed. It started with Messenger 1.0 emojis, which are still so cute and expressive but removed from the platform. More recently, the animated camera filters have been removed, which had iconic floating hearts in a pinkish hue, and starry sparkles in a yellowish hue. I can't get these effects from other apps, and now they're gone. I even checked on iOS. Please stop this",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1609,Luke Emery,"September 8, 2022","There has been a noticeable decline in the apps usability, with the removal of features like polls, links previewing nicely and the like through to the now total absence of functionality with Android Auto head units. The feature set is different on each platform too, with mark down not working consistently between web, mobile and Windows 10/11 app. Most recently, since the Android 13 update, the app looks in the wrong folder for photos and sharing must be done from outside the app. Not good.",517 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1610,Lolita_04 Bermas,"February 13, 2023",This app is getting worse as its update. I cant open it i already re-install it but its still not working!!! Also the image or video quality is bad whenever i send/recieve. FIX IT MESSENGER!!!,0,1,Messenger
1611,Dushlyn Mae Dela Torre,"February 14, 2023","Checked the settings of my phone and the messenger settings and the notification is on. However I'm not receiving anything. Any notifications at all. I restarted my phone still, nothing happens..",0,2,Messenger
1612,alayna,"January 30, 2023","the bugs are so annoying, can open messages, can't see chats, when I press the chathead it won't load. please fix it. January 25th of 2023 and the bugs are still here. January 30th, it now got to the point where I don't even receive notifications for the messages so now I'm responding late to every messages especially the important ones",0,1,Messenger
1613,Israelle Dalay,"January 8, 2023","the older messages won't show up, they keep loading. also, there are times that i cannot open a conversation. experiencing all of these since the latest update even though i have strong internet connection.",22 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1614,IT STUDIO,"February 4, 2023","There is a big problem with messenger app. It always shows online every one even they are offline. It shows the person is offline about 2 hours but the green light is on, at his profile? Why it shows like this. Hope the team of yours solve this problem thanks.",0,2,Messenger
1615,Titania Erza Shinri-gaku,"October 12, 2022","This has been the pattern for MONTHS now – One of my friend's profile pictures suddenly becomes blank. Then after a few days, I won't be able to see most of my previous messages, to which point I have to REINSTALL THE WHOLE DAMN APP. Once reinstalled, most of the emoji's I'm using becomes unavailable, and I have to wait for 2 DAMN WEEKS for them to reappear and to change my message reactions again. What the hell is happening to your services? Fix this!",316 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1616,Illis,"February 12, 2023",i can't even open the app because of the recent automatic update. i have reinstalled the app multiple times already but it's stuck on the loading icon when i open it. please fix this issue.,0,1,Messenger
1617,Starfydusty,"December 16, 2022","Bugs have actually cost my friends money. Buttons on messages concerning meta pay, such as verify info or accept, do nothing when tapped. I'd just hit cancel so they could send money a different way, but there is no option as of now, leaving that money tied up for at least a week.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1618,Emily Granzin,"October 23, 2022",I have had to uninstall and reinstall this app twice in the past month. I have a personal profile and a business page and twice my business page chats were not loading. I just got a white screen with the circle loading icon that kept spinning. It also wouldn't alert me to people sending me messages on my business page. I would see them an hour later after manually opening it. Now I can't find any of my marketplace chats. This app has worked fine for almost 2 years till now. Please fix this!!,258 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1619,Edward Jaquez,"January 30, 2023",Voice messages and photos don't send anymore. Tried different internet connections. Upon Uninstalling the app it works again only once (one photo or voice msssage) but then stops working for any subsequent ones. Galaxy S21 Ultra.,0,1,Messenger
1620,conyo985,"January 19, 2023",IS THERE AN OPTION TO DISABLE FEEDBACK AFTER EVERY CALL? This app needs an overhaul for that pop up alone. Everyone is using audio calls for this app. No need to ask every user each time for call quality. It has lost it's meaning.,0,2,Messenger
1621,Savannah Johnston,"September 29, 2022","There have been lots of problems the last couple of weeks. I figured they would fix it quickly but they haven't. The app gets glitchy and laggy. Everytime I close out of the messenger bubble and try to navigate somewhere else on my screen, i get a notification that says ""messenger is not optimized for the latest version of Android. Screen touches may be delayed or not recognized.""","1,354 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1622,Victor Matias,"December 5, 2022",I'm forced to use an older version coz the latest update is a mess. App would just stop working and can't use it unless you clear the data. Then after just minutes would stop working again. So just uninstalled it and used an older version now it's working fine again. Fix the latest update already coz everyone likes using the latest versions of any app,24 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1623,Katy Nolan,"January 17, 2023",Can't receive messages and the messenger keeps going on and off and I have to wait for ages or restart my phone so I can get to those messages but it keeps cutting out and this app is starting to annoy me. It's no stars from me.,0,1,Messenger
1624,Austin Bayless,"January 30, 2023","It's amazing, helps me through so much. It's been off and on towards me letting me message someday and others not so much. But it does help me keep in touch with loved ones, just wish it would stop doing this.. so my five star rating actually has to come down to like a 3. Please fix this meta, fb, messenger, Zuckerberg, ect. Bullcrap.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1625,Charlene Dee,"December 3, 2022","Most of the time I was frustrated by how slow messages are sending, the text ""sent an attachment"" last for about 1 day, before the file may seen, another is my another account can't see messages, telling connection error, but my other account is working well",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1626,Tiffany Gullett,"February 13, 2023","What have you guys done to this app? It has been awful lately, not showing messages, not sending messages, not showing pics, calling people is leggy and doesn't work half the time....please fix this!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1627,Mahbin afroja,"February 12, 2023","I don't know why but since the last update 2 days ago my messenger is not working anymore, it is not opening at all, it is always showing no response.I have uninstalled and reinstalled many times but it is not working. What is the solution to this problem now?",0,2,Messenger
1628,Md. RiDwAn HoSsAiN,"February 14, 2023",I have been having a lot of problems with messenger for a few days. Can't message anyone properly. I can't see any messages properly. And I'm not getting notification when someone sends a message. Now this problem needs to be solved.,0,1,Messenger
1629,Minggo Beranek,"December 23, 2022",I keep getting messages from people I've never heard of but it's not just one person there's multiple people on one message when you click on the message 20 some people on it and they keep telling me to stop sending the messages I don't know these people I've never seen my message once but they keep sending me stuff what's wrong with the app,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1630,Deano J,"February 17, 2023","Missing chat. I updated messenger 3 or 4 days ago. Now apart from a single page of chat, all of my old 1s have disappeared. I have problems with my memory and these messages have been a great help and now i can't access more than a page worth.",0,2,Messenger
1631,Danny Tolbert,"February 2, 2023",When I get incoming calls on messenger when it's on phone mode the person can't hear me when it's on speaker or Bluetooth they can hear me need issue fixed also this just started when I share a screenshot it gives an error saying fail to load please try again later I don't know why it's doing that please update or change whatever y'all need to do to fix messenger because it's doing the same thing when the app first came out,32 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1632,Jake Basa,"February 3, 2023","After updating, unable to unsend a message to a group chat or individual. It's fine if it's nothing detrimental but what if it's super confidential but just because a power struggle inside a company the whole consumer has to be collateral. FIX IT MESSENGER!!!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1633,Christine Mosqueda,"December 7, 2022","App keeps crashing very often, i have tried all sorts of possible solutions like clearing data, restarting phone, uninstalling then reinstalling... Nothing seems to work. Rating will stay 1 star until this problem is fixed.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1634,bulay,"February 10, 2023",always receive delay msgs after it send. even voice or video call when bug occurs your phone will not ringings. you will notice missed call when you open the apps. please fix the bug. it cant help emergency anymore.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1635,Yosef Aziel,"January 16, 2023",notifications are customizable. But the default Ringtone for incoming calls also plays with your selected Ringtone. So your selected ringtone plus default ringtone are always in chorus 🙄 they're both playing when someone calls. Redmi Note 11,0,1,Messenger
1636,Shenita McMillian,"January 18, 2023","Nothing but problems since the update. I click on messages and the chat either takes forever to open or doesn't open at all. I've been having to utilize other messaging apps and if that's the case, I might as well uninstall this. Plz fix bugs or ur gonna ha e many ppl deleting messenger.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1637,Nikolay Tilev,"November 4, 2022","The app hasn't been working in the background for months. It constantly shows me notifications for messages I've already seen days ago, but never retrieves new messages on its own - meaning that I never get notified for messages as they arrive and I get them too late. It only does it when I open the app myself, at which point I get all the notifications for the messages I've received in the last few hours. Notifications are allowed in my settings and this is the only app with this problem.",245 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1638,The PDA Kings,"February 20, 2023",Man I am having some serious issues with the new update....Why did make this app like this??..It was so good before this update...I am saying this because before this Update .I could use the edit option In messenger and then I could directly click on the add the story option to publish my videos...but now for this update you guys lost my respect..I hope you will bring the feature back as soon as possible and I will turn the rating to 5....,0,1,Messenger
1639,Emma,"November 5, 2022","I am having constant issues with this app not working. It keeps freezing so I can't check existing messages or receive them. It works fine on my laptop, but not my phone. The only thing that works temporarily is to uninstall & reinstall the app, but even then I have to do it several times a day as it will only work for a short time. Even restarting my phone won't work. This is ridiculous as I use it daily for work & it is so frustrating. Not sure what's changed but it's not cool.",427 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1640,Jairus Rojo,"January 8, 2023",It is great to communicate with your friends and family. But my problem with this app is that it has so many bugs like i can't view videos and if i try to reinstall the app i can't download the app again.,3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1641,Mhar Vei,"January 13, 2023","It was working fine befire but right now, it's really buggy, a lot of feautures are having some bugs such as playing the videos and it just turn black and it won't play anymore unless I close it and open it again.",0,1,Messenger
1642,Mallory Roberson,"January 28, 2023",I've never had a problem with messenger until the new update. I have a lot of listings on Facebook marketplace so I need messenger to work. Since the new update I don't get notifications when I have a new message and the few times that I do they are 45 minutes late. I have uninstalled and reinstalled messenger 3 times but it only temporarily fixes the problem so I have to constantly have the app open in case I get a message.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1643,Lee Anne Cebedo,"February 14, 2023","I that this app, whenever I try to open a past message it always shows a empty screen and a lot more issues. Pak you tangina mo Mark Zuckerberg. I had enough with this app its so frustrating, I can't open messages. I hate this this app even when I'm in a hurry chatting to someone.",0,1,Messenger
1644,Ma Anthonette S Fajanilbo,"December 31, 2022","The version of this messenger for Android 11 sucks, When in landscape mode the bubble chat head 🤌, is not full screen but at the center at the screen, the chat where you type is cut and can't even send message properly when only in landscape mode, pls remove this bubble and change it back !!!!🙄",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1645,Cj Francia,"January 11, 2023","2023 and you still don't have the option to send files thru mobile, add it please it's a necessity for a messaging app to have such a feature, you're the only one who doesn't have the feature.",0,2,Messenger
1646,Sara Lo,"December 19, 2022","Normally the app works for me. However, this week it was giving me trouble and for awhile it kept asking me to update it. So I uninstalled it and then reinstalled it. However, now all of my Facebook Marketplace messages are gone. Why get rid of something that works? Bring this function back.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1647,Mahabur Rahman,"February 13, 2023",My notification is not working. Also there is no sound when any kind of notification comes I can't see notifications until they go to a friend's inbox.,0,1,Messenger
1648,Darren Ilias,"February 13, 2023","Just got a new phone (pixel 7 Pro) and now notifications just stop coming through. I have tried ALL the fixes (clear cache, DnD override etc) and still nothing. Pretty poor for a major component of my business to not get back to customers asap",0,1,Messenger
1649,Shelton Susau,"February 1, 2023","Calling not going through, tried reinstalling several times same thing, messages going through, but the call option doesn't, need to fix bugs and glitches, messager app has gone down since last few uldates, might as well use Viber.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1650,someone _,"February 13, 2023","Everything was working fine until the last update, from then on it simply stopped working on my phone.. it just stays forever on the loading screen. I tried reinstalling but no use.. please fix this 🥺",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1651,Ariel Powles,"December 21, 2022","Features disappear constantly with or without updates. Latest update was December 15th, it's December 20th and all of my word effects just disappeared from all of my chats. It's just annoying to have a feature offered and then not know if it's going to work 1 day to the next.",25 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1652,— moon.,"December 13, 2022","searching for messages in gcs is so damn hard 💀💀 idk if it's just my friends group chat being active and more than a year old, but when I try to search smth the whole app lags, you can't scroll up past certain messages, sometimes a certain set of messages is just gone, etc. so annoying for a feature that can be really important",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1653,Iegen Neri,"February 17, 2023","messages are bugged that it takes too long for it show up. When you open messenger on a browser, the recent message is already sent but doesn't show in app.",0,1,Messenger
1654,PxHJP,"January 21, 2023","When I switch accounts it loads. I already did all the options, the only option is uninstalling the app which makes it annoying everytime I use it pls fix this bug it really helps a lot if it is fixed.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1655,Gian Carlo Ocate,"November 23, 2022","There was a bug with the recent update, I can't open messages once I clicked, even spam clicking still won't work. I can't even reply to messenges to group chats with regards to school work discussions. There is alos no notices sent to me if I'm restricted. I also tried to report the bug through messenger but it took so long to finalize. I've done it since yesterday. I Hope you fix this bug as soon as you can. Thank you!","3,099 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1656,Mheden Jhoy Ropero,"September 20, 2022","First of all, I can't send long videos. Second, I can't see my story achievement. Third, sometimes when im replying to my friends it took so long to send it and also sending videos. Fourth, my story keep saying couldn't load video. Please fix it. I miss the old version of messenger. There a lot of changes in this app. There's a bug.","3,773 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1657,Pastel Princess Gracie,"January 18, 2023","I am unable to look up previous conversations effectively. They never fixed it and it's getting worse, freezing up and won't scroll. Onlh way to fix is Uninstaller, reinstall, every 2 messages.",0,1,Messenger
1658,"Chrystal T. Nelson, M.A.","February 13, 2023",The app has improved substantially! The delayed message sending and receiving has improved. Not aggravating to use Messenger anymore! Updates seem to have fixed many problems! Thanks!,11 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1659,Claire Booker,"January 14, 2023",What is going on? It was working fine and now I'm getting delayed notifications and new messages are appearing before old ones in group conversations. That's if I get a notification at all just lately!,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1660,tasfia turna,"January 24, 2023","Why can't I see my story archives? I've checked my internet connection, I restarted my phone, I've cleared the app data but nothing worked! You guys say ""only you can see your story archive"". Forget others! Even I can't see my story archive. This app is getting worse after every update.",0,2,Messenger
1661,Edith Walsh,"January 23, 2023","Missed calls, dropped calls, interference, buffering, poor sound quality, notifications are on but not notifying me. I quit using this app for calls. Really poor quality.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1662,Zarin Tasnim,"February 12, 2023",Since yesterday I've not been able to open messenger despite trying every method. This is awful. I re-installed many times and tried restarting the phone too. Nothing works. Please fix this as soon as possible,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1663,Lynn Daniel,"February 16, 2023",For the past week now my messages haven't been coming through from people for 10 minutes til up to 4 or 5 hour delay lags. This is unacceptable. I know many others here who are having this same issue. Please fix this bug ASAP!,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1664,Silver Undead,"February 9, 2023",It's an okay app. I can talk to friends and such but the app will glitch out and not show any incoming messages. It takes it almost 10+ minutes for me to see the message,0,3,Messenger
1665,Williams (Wisico),"February 6, 2023",Video playback in messenger has been breaking the app for what seams like years now! When you play a video the app laggs out at the end & you have to force close it for it to work again. Please fix!!,169 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1666,Vhinzent,"February 4, 2023",It won't allow me to finish a video without exiting. The banner and bubbles won't work. Chat heads also began to show notifications for reacted messages which is not necessary at all.,10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1667,Genie Gozum,"November 29, 2022","App can be opened but not the chats I just received. Tried uninstalling it then reinstall still the same. Tried deleting data, still the same. I hope you can fix it immediately. Doing this rating not really because I hate the app, but for it to be taken seriously by the developer. Hoping for your fast action. Update: it's working now. Thanks! Update: it happened again. Dunno why.. very frustrating 😢","2,683 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1668,Big0 Grizz,"December 9, 2022","HAVE YOU FIXED NOTIFICATIONS!?!? For months now, I don't get notifications. I have all permissions set. So it's not user error here. If and when I get the notification and little *BING* associated with this terrible FACEBOOK app. ITS HECKING HOURS AFTER I GOT THE MESSAGE. FACEBOOK YOU'RE AS USELESS AS OUR POLITICIANS. Thank you, that is all.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1669,Timothy Karn,"February 16, 2023","After 35 or more insistent prompts that I ""switch to Messenger"" and following ALL directives and directions messenger won't LET me switch,so WHY do they keep asking me to?never after insisting I join I was never told to download from the Play store I just kept getting the press the button and join so I did that like 35 times I would have been very helpful if that would have been on the instructions that I followed to the letter we wouldn't happen to mention that I have to download it from the Pl",0,1,Messenger
1670,Aurora Timbang,"February 11, 2023","It was a very good app at first, but the more updates the worse it gets. Now i can't scroll up through messages, then when i don't have load/wifi it won't work! This is why i prefer Facebook Lite messenger than the actual messenger but it's still good.",0,3,Messenger
1671,W. MDJ,"January 30, 2023","For few weeks now I have huge problems with this app (it used to be very good so I wonder what's going on) and at this point it's almost unusable. Few times a day it glitches and I can't enter any of my conversations, sometimes even phone restart doesn't help. Please do something about it",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1672,Cath Beduria,"January 16, 2023","This was a very great app before and very helpful to everyone even without buying a data. Now even if i have a data still it's stating “No Network”. Updating apps should be making it better but instead, this app is getting even worst. We want the old version back instead of keep updating and worsten this app.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1673,N Sullivan,"December 29, 2022","New Update Sucks. My messages dont send half the time, the notifications don't vanish even though I am activiely looking at messages, and I can no longer use the Search function for coversations- A tool that was very important for us to use as a friend group.",9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1674,Julian Ronzan,"February 15, 2023",The messenger app is not loading correctly at all I tried clearing the cache/data and it still didn't work. Then I deleted the app and reinstalled it and still didn't work. Please fix it 🙏,0,2,Messenger
1675,Dylan Harty,"December 11, 2022",I used to live using this app to contact my relatives and other states might be able to see them and talk to them and everything would be fine and dandy but ever since the last update everything's gone downhill for some reason whenever I call them or they called me they can't see me or I can't see them been for some reason it doesn't pick up my voice at all I've checked my device I've made plenty of calls all of them work but for some reason messenger won't even pick up my voice anymore.,3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1676,Burb Jones,"February 13, 2023",Chat bubbles are not popping up. I don't know what update you did but I am not getting chat bubbles at ALL. I've missed a ton of messages because of this fix it. My bubbles are turned on in setting and I'm still not getting them.,0,3,Messenger
1677,Silrox,"October 23, 2022","I don't know what happened to the meta update but it just made the app worse. It has a lot of bugs like you can't open the chat bubble when you click the notification, the photos and videos takes a long time to load, and the worst is I can't open my chats on the app like if you click on it nothing happens, this sucks especially when I really need to message someone nothing happens if you click the chat. You will need to clear the data of the app and you'll need to do it often.",598 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1678,J&M,"February 18, 2023","What needs to go is the suggested reply options. And the ""Is this still available?"" on Facebook marketplace. Don't know how many times I've replied or sent messages without knowing. Stupid feature. Get rid of it..",0,2,Messenger
1679,Dur Suics,"February 10, 2023","Messenger not loading. Only white display appears. Uninstalled and reinstalled. Rebooted then hard reboot but no luck. Turned my cp off and on, still no progress. Cleared all data and cache. It's giving terrible headache.😡😠😡😠😡😠😠😡😠",0,1,Messenger
1680,Frellier Feliciano,"February 13, 2023","too many bugs. my messages is not sending it always says ""couldn't send"" messages always failing to send no matter how many time you try to send the same message. it's irritating.",0,1,Messenger
1681,TypHun_,"February 3, 2023","It was okay until now, but now it's like I am not getting new messages, notifications, but I do get notifications of previously opened messages, reactions, even several times after the second unnecessary openings.",0,1,Messenger
1682,Miranda Golding,"December 9, 2022","I like this app however went to update it, but couldn't one of the suggestions was to uninstall it but now I can't get it to reinstall and it isn't even in my library. Thankfully they have the lite version but I wish I could have all my text messages go to it and have the chat bubbles",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1683,Bidhan Tiwari,"February 18, 2023","It has gone bad to worse recently. I can't get timely notification. I can't get the reactions on my messages instantly. I can't get to see the delivery status on messages instantly. I can't see, on what message I have got the reply, it just said replied: and doesn't even let me know which message I have been replied too.",487 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1684,Darryl Weekes,"December 13, 2022",Why does the message read indicator show the read time as the same as sent time when the message was read long after. This used to work just fine. Also messenger won't open when you try to message from Facebook. Another one that used to work just fine,3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1685,Shannon Baird,"January 29, 2023","What is the problem? 2 weeks ago I stopped receiving calls and messages. No chat heads, no notifications, nothing. Uninstalled and reinstalled app and no change. Sent help messages with no reply. This is the main video chat my family uses and now I have no clue when they try to reach me. FIX WHATEVER IS WRONG!!!",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1686,Shedahlyn Faburada,"October 26, 2022","If I could rate it 0, I would have done it. I don't know what's wrong with this app. It keeps on loading when I don't have poor connections since all the other apps I use works well & don't seem to have problem. It sucks. This app is gone for worse. It kept loading and loading. I can't get in. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but nothing's changed. I hope you can fix this. And honestly, if only the updates are good it wouldn't have been this worst, much bettee to prefer the old one.","2,718 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1687,Niegut Family,"December 3, 2022",I had to reset my password now I cant get back in. I've downloaded and uninstalled the app several times now and I still can't get into it at all. Just a little spinning circle comes up and keeps spinning. This is terrible I don't know how to fix it I need messenger I use it for so much! HELP!!!!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1688,James Joyce,"December 23, 2022","Was working perfectly. Now I've got a message at the bottom of my screen saying I can't send any messages for 3 days for sending something against community standards. Firstly, there isn't anything that was sent that goes against community standards, and secondly there is no way to have this reviewed... All 2 days before Christmas.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1689,Chris,"December 15, 2022",Its a good app for texting and calling but the issue I've got is that when i log out my account it signs me out fully and not onto the account i wanted to access and sometimes messenger wont work at all and i even have to sometimes uninstall and install the app many times for it to work and so on problems like that. I suggest fixing this if anyone else has this issue. Please,3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1690,Raul Roque,"December 20, 2022",What's the use of Messenger if you can't even send out messages? 8 out 10 messages can't be sent. It's truly annoying. They say it6 because of a bug in the app. Then why is taking too long to get it fixed.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1691,catpan flowers,"February 20, 2023",Notifications are slow. Sometimes up to half an hour after my phone receives the message will I get the notification and it ruins a lot of time sensitive stuff I need to do.,0,1,Messenger
1692,Sia D,"January 29, 2023","Reduces picture quality massively by default, worst feature ever. Plus currently won't even send pictures - and I've tried every single method advised on tech sites and nothing works.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1693,Niña Ragudos,"December 25, 2022","It was good, though the taking photo was gone which I like the most instead to take photos and as to save memories. Please put the taking photo features. Thank you Hi, why there is no capture button on video calls for picture pursposes?",7 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1694,Lord B,"January 4, 2023",When using a bluetooth keyboard with the app it will still bring up the screen keyboard. When you start to type from the BT keyboard it types the first letter and nothing else. Its not a BT keyboard problem because it works on any other app.,2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1695,Trevor Householder,"January 27, 2023",I have used the app for years and it was amazing but ever since 2020 it keeps crashing and it doesn't let me message anyone for a specific time frame every day say that there is no network connection when I am connected to the internet so that's my biggest problem with it,0,1,Messenger
1696,Lyndex Kim Quesada,"February 1, 2023",No notification at all. Calls aren't coming in until you see in the messages that there was a missed call. And it is the greatest cause of Battery drain.,0,1,Messenger
1697,Piero Ravini,"February 12, 2023","20 + times install and uninstall, updating phone OS, nothing, messenger, does not want to login, it never happen, suddenly stop working, app request to send a feedback report (20+ times). Help and support do not exist in this HUGE company, Meta Apps only care and respond fast to the silly Community Standard, the only good app from Meta , Whatsapp, not a meta creation, shame, you get so much money from ours data, for apps that doesn't do what should do. Support to the apps BIG 0, very disappoint.",0,1,Messenger
1698,K Jova,"January 11, 2023","My biggest issue is, if you have two accounts, it will indicate with a number (usually 2) that you have messages but when you go there all the messages are old. Why is it indicating I have messages when I do not.",0,2,Messenger
1699,Roksana Zerafat,"February 18, 2023",Doesn't work at all. Wouldn't even open. The browser option is gone too and I have messages pending for days! The update was horrible. Please fix it,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1700,quelvinne,"November 28, 2022","Bugs: - app can be opened. Notifications are well received but - individual messages cant be opened both with single tap and long presses - constant ""connecting"" status even with good internet connectivity * tried to fix it by installing and uninstalling the app, restarting phone, even removing account for the device and adding it up again - everything fails. Ive been using the light version of this app. This app is useless for me now.",130 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1701,Jeremy Rochon,"January 30, 2023","For the last week, I have had to Uninstall and reinstall probably a dozen times. media and photos will only send for 5 minutes , and then nothing will be sent until I go through that process again. . . . Terrible",0,1,Messenger
1702,Darrell Carney,"January 12, 2023",When I click on my market place message section it takes me to a black screen. Can't see any of my messages from marketplace after the last update. Have unistalled the app and reinstalled with no luck.,0,1,Messenger
1703,Peter Usona,"February 3, 2023","Hello,Experience is great over the past years,BUT I HAVE BEEN EXPERIENCING A BUG when i cannot unsend and messgae and sometimes my voice message is 0:00 I would love you to fix it,This bugs ruins this app but overall great app to communicate with friends it's just the bugs that ruin it.Thank tou if you ever read this.",0,3,Messenger
1704,Ey Cee,"January 29, 2023","Why can't I send photos and videos all of a sudden? This is on different phones, Wi-Fi or mobile data, even when permissions are fine. Uninstalled and reinstalled the app. What happened?",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1705,Abigail Jill,"January 12, 2023","Messenger has been a long time to open/unresponsive and theres an unfixed glitches and it takes a very long time for messenger to reconnect and refresh. Also, everytime you wanted to view/close a video it won't do so properly.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1706,Diana,"September 29, 2022","I use messenger all the time, but my problem is on the pixel 6 it doesn't take up the full screen. When I go to hit send, sometimes it hits the side of the screen and closes the chat bubble. Which isn't bad if you're texting but if you just recording a voice message and it was over 6 minutes long it pisses me the HELL OFF because it all disappears!!! Please make it so it takes up the full screen on the pixel 6. It's driving me nuts!!!!",166 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1707,Literal Sarcasm,"January 4, 2023","This app is trash. It constantly refuses to send messages, and no, it's not my phone. It's been happening a minimum on ten times a day for the last EIGHT years. If it weren't for the fact that I need it to start in touch with my wife, I would have uninstalled it years ago. I hope your company goes bankrupt and is forgotten.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1708,Lynn Hooper,"September 17, 2022",Facebook Messenger suddenly quit working today. The app loads and I can see my contacts on the first screen and their Active status. The problem is there is no reaction from the app when I touch anything on the screen. If I touch a contact's picture to try to send a message the screen does not react. Same goes for menu items and scrolling. The screen cannot be scrolled and no menu options are displayed. It is like the screen is permanently Frozen. What's up????,"1,745 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1709,Irish Laoreno,"February 17, 2023",Search (for messages) is broken. Low quality photos. Images download as webp (not compatible for sending). Takes too long to unsend messages (sometimes it doesn’t unsend at all). Cluttered.,0,1,Messenger
1710,Lynn Tomlin,"January 30, 2023","The recent update has a glitch. When a friend sends me a reel to watch through messenger, and you click on it, it plays a totally different reel and not the on the friend sends you.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1711,Angie Durrette,"January 24, 2023","For some reason whenever I scroll down to older msgs it says. ""Sorry. Unable to load messages"" But if I scroll slow I can get them to load. So I logged out and back in and now NONE of my messages are showing up. I have an empty messenger. So I messaged my gf to make sure hers would at least be there and IT wont even show up. HELP! I dont even use my text messaging cuz I prefer this messenger app. I'm screwed if it doesnt work.",0,2,Messenger
1712,Gennevive Collado,"February 14, 2023",What is wrong with this app? I can't open it on my phone for like two weeks already. I tried to uninstall then install again but it hasn't changed. I can't send and read messages. It literally doesn't open.,0,1,Messenger
1713,Amanda Johnson,"February 14, 2023","Used to love this app. It's so bad now, doesn't load photos or voice notes, can't look at past messages it's generally unusable now. Needs major improvements",0,1,Messenger
1714,Chessie Keith,"December 10, 2022","Since the update, I can no longer video my dad in the hospital. It puts me on some weird green screen, and he can barely see me. I tried to Uninstall it since I couldn't get any help and now it won't even load on my new android. I use this to sell items and really need this fixed! I can't even get it to load now.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1715,Honey Ballesteros,"January 12, 2023","we jst say yeah it was a good app but, I was really disappointed about those features even though I had a good net, it just say “im sorry the technical is” etc. I'm really disappoint in this app, just fix it up please I don't even like it than before I use this from start. I giving 2 stars because it just waste of my time hanging on waiting for a mins and it goes nothing and so on.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1716,xloveofficial,"February 13, 2023","This is such annoying app this all is slow and waste your time to open i updated this app and after updated that app suddenly too slow to open. I kinda annoyed cuz i wait 1 hour to open then the hell this wont open you know what fix this who heck wants this kind of updated ver if this is so slow app. Besides this is such annoying hell nah disappoint rate. If you're keep updating ok?! Im done with those stupid ads that are not useful, please remove the stupid ads",0,1,Messenger
1717,Damien Carnes,"January 11, 2023",This app breaks my phone very often to where I have to restart my whole phone. Also my Facebook account broke so bad that I had to Uninstall both apps and make a new account. When the app works it works really well this is the only way I can talk to my family while being over seas.,0,3,Messenger
1718,Michelle Griffin,"January 8, 2023",I don't know what going on with this app. My stories aren't posting and I can't see any of my friend's stories. They all started disappearing on Jan. 7th. I posted 3 photos yesterday and they are still loading! 🤦🏽‍♀️,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1719,Amerah Diamael,"November 30, 2022","Too much changes and bugs, Since the latest update of this app I can't open the chat even though I have a strong internet connection and no restrictions. I still receive messages and notification but I can't read them. Also I can't start a conversation with the person I want to send a message with, even with the long press option with this problem basically eliminates the sense of this app. FIY this is the most use app (generally), not only for school but w/our everyday life. Please fix it ASAP.",346 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1720,Obioma Blair,"December 11, 2022","The app stopped working recently, it does not open anymore and when it opened before, you could not send voice messages. It keeps saying that the app has a bug...",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1721,Marcie R.,"February 10, 2023",I just did a Facebook update & now Messenger is acting up. It's not showing anyone as active & I know at least 10 people are active on my friends list during this time of day. I restarted my phone & tried everything and it's not working.,13 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1722,Legopikmin Game Dungeon,"October 7, 2022","Unusable. After an update in early 2022 it became completely Unusable. The app stays at the white logo screen indefinitely, never loading. There is no fix, I'm a techie and know the steps to troubleshoot, nothing works. I assumed they would fix a bug as severe as this but I'm not surprised at all that they didn't.",246 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1723,McKayla Baker,"September 7, 2022","I wasn't having any issues with messenger until recently (last 2 months or so..). If I have a chat bubble on my screen, my phone doesn't register touches very well. For example, if a chat bubble is on my screen and I'm trying to send a text, I won't be able to type my message without a major lag and a error message popping up saying ""Messenger isn’t optimized for the latest version of Android. Screen touches may be delayed or not recognized.”",397 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1724,Mae Tagulabong,"December 19, 2022","I don't I like it anymore. All the file documents was expire. I can't download it anymore, what's the purpose of the new features if can't access files has been sent in our messenger. As a student this can't be useful to us. The file documents are important to me and can't access it anymore. Please notice!",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1725,Jack Kee Wong,"February 16, 2023","Latest update as of 9 Feb 2023, app does not finish loading, just hangs after open. Even opening from facebook app hangs. Update: increase to 3 stars from 1 star now, as version 396 fixed the hang upon start issue in version 395 for xiaomi phones.",5 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1726,7 B,"December 28, 2022",Latest update is totally unstable and keeps crashing the app. Its especially bad when trying to view pictures some sends in a batch of pics. Big tech sucks overall. Period. They force these updates even when I have auto updates disabled. Eff FB/meta Google and the rest of these big tech oligarchs,23 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1727,Ellen Thorne,"September 26, 2022","Unusable since last update. Cannot interact with the UI at all (no touch within app), so can't get or send messages at all. I have waited for an update, figuring something this bad would be addressed quickly, but apparently not. UPDATE: Sent an email to the help link to report this issue a week ago. Have heard nothing here or from my email. This is ridiculous.",388 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1728,Art Cox,"January 17, 2023","Suddenly, I can't delete calls that I have made. It allows me to see the list of calls. I touch the call, and DELETE pops up in red, but the red DELETE does nothing at all",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1729,Amanda Bundy,"December 11, 2022",Messages do not come through for hours or days sometimes! Alot of the time I have to click on the app and open it to see if I have any messages because it will not notify me even though I have it set to.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1730,Avet Brutyan (RammsteinAM),"January 7, 2023","The app sometimes disrespects that I changed the default awful notification sound. The in-app sounds are also very, very awful. I have turned them off, but whenevet I hear them from another person's phone, I start hating this app and its sound designer even more.",65 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1731,k jon,"January 30, 2023",All of a sudden video links sent to me in messenger pull up the wrong video on Facebook watch. When I send something I have to copy then link and then share it instead just sharing via messenger. This started with the last update,0,1,Messenger
1732,Jaicinth Jeremé,"September 17, 2022",It's a very convenient messaging app to use. It is actually the main app I use to connect with my friends and family all over the world but my problem is it's so hassle to send documents and pdf file from my device. I have to open my computer to do that and it's an inconvenience when I am not at home and I need to send files from my phone real quick. I hope in the future updates it can be allowed.,"3,311 people found this review helpful",4,Messenger
1733,Miranda E.,"January 20, 2023","Has gone so far downhill over the years, half the time I can't see my past messages, or if I exit out of the app in the middle of writing a message and then come back to it later the text disappears. Then hours later it pops back up in the chat bar. My pictures never load anymore either.",0,2,Messenger
1734,The Messiah,"December 5, 2022","Garbage app. After each update it reactivates chat bubbles. When sharing content it always recommends connections I never talk to instead of the ones I frequently chat with. I mean, how hard is to get that basic feature right?",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1735,A Google user,"February 3, 2023","Messenger is having more bugs as time pass by. Please fixed the unsend (from remove) button, the message doesn't disappear no matter how many times I pressed it. I can only remove the message if it's for me only.",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1736,Paulynnah Lim,"February 11, 2023",Too much bugs rn!! I cant even use it properly now like I would send a message and it would stamp delivered even though the person I chatted saw it already and replied? And it takes a long time for me to receive the messages and sometimes old messages keeps popping up on the chat heads its annoying.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1737,Tammy Storm,"February 12, 2023",What happened!? I'm not getting notifications. I have my settings set to get notifications but I'm not getting them. I've turned my phone off for 5 minutes and it's still not working!,0,1,Messenger
1738,Rheyleen Jein Ala,"January 22, 2023","There's too much bug. I cant click the conversation even if i click on it many times. I'm not the only one with this issue so im sure its not my phone's problem, also when I play a video it also bugs.",17 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1739,cyrus villota,"February 15, 2023","Super laggy these past few days, even tho I have a strong connection. My message is delayed and can't even open a file. I tried to clear data my messenger but nothing happen, FIX THIS PLEASE!",0,2,Messenger
1740,Luv J_Renee,"December 17, 2022","Not really sure what happened, but now videos from camera roll will no longer send and pictures that are taken in the messenger app send sideways. Never happened before, but happening now. It's pretty irritating",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1741,MLG Chan,"February 15, 2023","It's been days and I still can't open my messenger app on my xiaomi phone. I've uninstalled & reinstalled it but still nothing. My settings and internet is fine as before, but this app still can't be opened without it loading indefinitely.",0,1,Messenger
1742,Chris Rhover Angeles,"February 3, 2023",I used this app for a very long time with a smooth usage not until last month up to now the app is so very laggy and lots of bug.. even when you type in a fastest way keep lagging the letters.. hope to fix those bugs soon..,0,1,Messenger
1743,Stefan Talaba,"December 3, 2022","Good app, bad maintenance. Everyone is complaining abkut of multitude of features not working properly from time to time, that would be the reason why some of it s users are moving to other chat platforms. I will continue to use it tho, hoping that it will improve or at least work the sa.e way it did some years ago.",4 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1744,Jenmar Oliveros,"February 14, 2023",The app is not opening. I tried to uninstall and re-install it multiple times. And waited 'til I can finally update it but end up STILL HAVING THE SAME PROBLEM!!,0,1,Messenger
1745,Chazie “Chaz” Grey,"January 22, 2023","I've uses this for so many years but suddenly even i have a strong internet connection its still says ""waiting for network"" and ""connecting"". It is so erritating, why? Because the messages is popping in the chat heads but when i click it i can't read it becuase it's not visible.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1746,Cait Angel Amoranto,"December 30, 2022","A user of this app for 6+ years. There are some times where it malfunctions but overall it is simple, fast, and easy to use for communication for your loved ones.",67 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1747,Jerry Johnson,"December 5, 2022","I hate this app with the passion now. For the past year I can't scroll to previous messages because it keeps saying sorry we're having issues with your messages please try again later. I always try again later and IT STILL KEEPS SAYING THE SAME DAMN THING. I absolutely give up. I'm going to start using a different message app. Go to hell messenger, you used to be a great app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1748,Candy Swanson,"January 21, 2023","nowdays messenger is not working well. it take along time to send message,while starting to watch some videos send by others it brings many problem in phone too.Although there is good network connection,it display that network connection is poor.This app was good and was working well before but now it is very frustrating and make many users fed up.I request to manage all the problems of this app so, we shall not face any difficulties while using this app",0,1,Messenger
1749,Ivan Bomfim,"January 1, 2023","Every niw and then, the message notification on Facebook says I have new messages, but when I open messenger it shows nothing, I need to be uninstalling and installing messenger app to be able to identify where those non read messages comes from...and it is always happening the same.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1750,MaSaRu •,"February 2, 2023",Good freaking app. New password cannot be the same as current password. Was able to log in using my mom's phone but cannot in other devices. Asking for ID and other personal identifaction. Once this app stops being the most used messaging app in Philippines. I'll uninstall it as fast as possible.,0,1,Messenger
1751,Mark Antony Sunga,"January 23, 2023",Wasn't able to send videos using my note 20 ultra and not able to notify me when someone's trying to call me or message me and sometimes they are not able to contact me using video call or voice call! It is a great app but full of bugs,12 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1752,Katie M. Williams,"December 10, 2022","I use this to talk to my friends... and yet I'm constantly told they can't load my language, missing notifications, and sometimes even messages fly off to the void for a vacation. The android messenger app really could do with improving, honestly. They don't get these issues, at least this badly, on ios.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1753,Megan Rae Chambers,"February 15, 2023",I can't hear when someone messages me or call me. I'm always getting missed calls and chats. Also the share the screen button doesn't work and it's hard for me to add people to calls. Please fix this it's annoying.,0,1,Messenger
1754,Robert Roy,"January 12, 2023","When I try and put memes on Messenger, sometimes it says not able and my screen has a blue box saying message couldn't be sent and it did that quite a few times. Everytime I go to My messenger my friends will show up and then they'll disappear then it says we have to make you post stronger so please start a new post. I'm already on a different Facebook page, but I don't have my messenger and it won't allow me to go back to Messenger it just doesn't want me to talk to my friends.",0,4,Messenger
1755,منصور حربي,"January 17, 2023","It's so stupid app that When I send a message today and the person couldn't see it the next day, it's show me that the person saw my messages the same time i sent 🤦‍♂️ Also it can't refresh any pictures of any profile changed later; that's why it can't help me know the latest statue of any one..",0,1,Messenger
1756,Marvin Tan,"February 17, 2023",The app keeps on crashing and the more you make an update the more the app crashes...pictures sent pops several minutes after being sent. Can you do something about it?,0,1,Messenger
1757,Paulina Kajda,"November 10, 2022","What is this search tool now next to the text window??? Why would you change it when emoticon option was of more use and intuitive. Also, search tool when looking for emojis or stickers is also useless. Whatever I enter it always shows ""no results"". Another thing is that messenger started really disappointing when it comes to sending photos and videos! I have to send it twice in order for them to appear on the receipient's screen...This is just getting worse and worse",183 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1758,Hossain Hossain,"December 25, 2022","This app is so annoying nowadays It's always showing 'connecting' even though the network is all fine. Now that reinstall it to see if this work, i cannot log back in. It's saying ""check your internet connection""",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1759,Chris Dale,"January 23, 2023",Sorry the newest update on my Samsung S20 ultra is dreadful this awful grey menu on the side have to then click setting at the top to go to normal setting and then have to go to far left where messages are to close it all. Very chunky update and ruined a brilliant app to start with Grrrrrrr,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1760,Walter Wright,"December 20, 2022",Update is horrible! Any time I watch a vid full screen and get a message it freezes the app and the bubble won't open or move. Many bugs. Revert or update please!! Makes me restart phone.,9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1761,Echo Waters (Lonely Poler),"February 9, 2023",Has always worked great in the past but the last few days my calls won't connect and today the app won't open at all. Can't even access my messages through the FB app either.,0,1,Messenger
1762,Cherry Ann Wesa,"February 19, 2023","Sometimes the story or myday just disappears, and sometimes it even delays the message and even the notification, I hope it could be fixed. But still thank you for creating a way to communicate online with my friends and families, hope you'll improve messenger more and get 5 stars soon.",0,3,Messenger
1763,Lykaanne Bognot,"January 3, 2023","Best app ever I've been using this since I was in grade 2 but idk why the app just suddenly stopped giving me notification and i know im not the only one who is having this problem there are a lot of people from YouTube and instagram who are having this problem too, I usually check if have a message on my status bar but ever since I updated this app it stop giving me notification I didn't see my teacher's chat because of this I handed my hw late. Plss fix this!!!",8 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1764,Ralph Connor,"February 3, 2023","The app is getting worse and worse. Im currently on full wifi and its been connecting for 5 minutes. Takes ages to send messages, get the notification for messages but takes ages for them to load.",0,2,Messenger
1765,Abraham Rex Escudero (Ares),"November 27, 2022","Sudden bug, cannot open messages and it won't load. I have been seeing similar reviews since Nov 24, 2022... I think it's account-dependent and device-dependent error. It suddenly became like this, even without doing anything, and even if the phone is newly formatted, or the app is reinstalled, still the same error.",140 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1766,Rahman Tarek Md Habibur,"February 14, 2023",Since February 4 I can't open the messenger app. Same things happened with my friends also. When we get in the app...the screen becomes full white & doesn't change at all. It was my favourite App. But what happened now? Why it's bugging?,0,3,Messenger
1767,Alec Martin,"January 16, 2023","Messenger is so buggy. Tried to post a messenger story, it didn't post for 6 hours. So I tried to post again and again, I came back and I have three duplicate stories. And I can't delete them because when I go to press the delete option nothing happens. Facebook is a big old pile of garbage and has been for years now. I recommend not using Facebook and going outside and enjoying your life and touching grass.",0,1,Messenger
1768,The Big Fig,"November 2, 2022","Garbage. I rely on this app for work and it's buggy mess. Messages don't show, so I miss customers. Message threads don't update when messages are sent or received. Sometimes I can't even tap a name to open a thread. It just does the animation and nothing happens. Absolute trash. I have to open and close the app every tim I want to see a message",181 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1769,Luis Angel,"October 15, 2022","If multiple messages arrive in a conversation, they disappear and you need to restart the app for them to reappear. Also if you are looking for some previous message in the conversation, the chat returns you to the last message if it is refreshed (when the sender marks the reading of your message when in chat, or anything else that makes the chat refresh). And lastly and most importantly, the app does not show who is active or not. Every time the app has a worse performance and more Bugs.","1,476 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1770,Li Xiu,"December 5, 2022","there will be times where i cant chat in group chats for around 10 minutes to even an hour and when i can finally chat, it only lasts for like a few minutes then it will show that my message failed to send once again. I've tried messaging on different devices with the same account but it doesn't work too, please fix this.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1771,vrom turvu,"December 20, 2022",i would like to complaint about messenger hanging and crashing everytime i play a video it hangs i tried being patient with this bug but its starting to get annoying. also when i play a voicemail my phone turns off so suddenly messenger ran nicely a while back but now its straight up annoying with the bugs it has,2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1772,Anik Islam,"January 22, 2023","Besides other fluctuations, gifs are not working, instead appearing as an image. Tried uninstalling and re-installing, but no improvement. Also tried clearing cache as well, but no luck.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1773,a_may,"February 2, 2023",Everyday for the past month messenger will continuously send me notifications for messages from hours or even days ago that I have already read and replied to. It is coming to the point that I don't even want to use the app cause I just get so many useless notification in random bursts all throughout the day.,0,1,Messenger
1774,Shahiul Bashar,"December 5, 2022","With every update it comes with more and more problems. What was wrong with ""chat heads""? Why was it replaced with the stupid ""square bubbles""? What is the point of that if I can't open it after every time my phone goes to sleep? This is only one of the hundred problems.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1775,Mercedes Velasco,"November 12, 2022",Too many bugs. Ive had to uninstall and instal a few times and that doesnt work. Just a blank black screen with a loading circle that never stops. Then it tells me i need to download the duo/ meets app and still nothing. I have several messages from market place and others and all i get is an endless loading circle on a black screen. This is stupid. I see that with every update it actually gets worse. Please fix.,167 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1776,Nadine,"February 15, 2023","Lately, It doesn't mention the length of the vocal message I am sending, it says 0:00. Then t I'd receive the same vocal message twice. Or it takes a long time before being able to listen it. 🤯",0,1,Messenger
1777,Major,"January 13, 2023","Really like the app.. But now (as of 1/13/23), NONE of the Marketplace Messages appear. I get notifications of people asking about my items, but when I go to view, (NOTHING) is there and all the others people I was still communicating with are Not there anymore. 1 BIG black screen.. Tnx",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1778,Caroline Fugate Conway,"January 29, 2023",I Love your app. Lately I have been unable to reply or send or video chat. ??? I have checked my settings but do not see any kind of issues. I have installed other apps but not happy with them. Hopefully my delima will be fixed soon.,26 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1779,Tito Kirbs,"January 29, 2023","i can't send photos and videos anymore..everytime i clear cache and data i can send temporarily but after 1 or 2 successful sending, i can't send again..it's just a circle..i tried both wifi and data only still the same..it's annoying",0,2,Messenger
1780,Lisa Marie Manderichio,"January 13, 2023",Changes on its own can no longer get notifications when message comes thru and can no longer access messages ths page comes up blank. Have to go thru other ways to retrieve messages. A real pain in the butt.,0,1,Messenger
1781,Rakibul Chowdhury,"February 20, 2023","This is a good app. But there is many problems on messenger. Recently this aap got a update, then there is added a new problem and this is, when another person seen messages it doesn't show this time..please solve it...please Thank you 😊",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1782,Megan Keller,"February 12, 2023",Notifications stopped working. I've checked all permissions and there's no reason to not get them. I'm not sure what changed but this is frustrating.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1783,Denise Marquez,"December 26, 2022","Ever since update, I can no longer tell if I have new messages. Can't tell if u have unread messages. Normally an unread message has the name bold and read messages are not bold. That's not the case anymore.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1784,Erwin Raon,"November 27, 2022","What's the problem with messenger after the updating of the app? Specially for android phone. ( for apple phone users, some of my friends do not encounter any glitch). I read a lot of reviews lately and we are all experiencing the same problem. Chat message can't be opened. I did uninstalling and reinstalling, restarting my phone many times but the error keeps on repeating. So I temporarily downloaded Facebook lite so I could chat and reply to my friends. Pls resolve this. Thanks.",148 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1785,Matthew Shaffner,"December 12, 2022","Utterly aweful at blocking spam SMS and MMS. I get so many spam texts it is ridiculous. Texts that you have blocked, suddenly reappear, sometimes after weeks or months. Now I have a phantom unread message count. Facebook, eh em, Meta needs to just give up and close down. If they can't get a simple messaging app right, then how do they expect to create a metaverse!",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1786,kier gale,"November 14, 2022","Ever since the update, app crashes when in use quite few times. The bubble is either late or doesn't show when there's a message even though I specifically chose to have bubbles for all conversations. Aside from that, whenever I open another app (e.i. Mobile Legends) while there's a bubble, bubble doesn't disappear even if I drag it on the cross ❌ mark. It stays on the side of the screen which is ridiculous since I don't have problems with chatheads before.","2,249 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1787,Reychelle France Acevedo,"February 12, 2023",Another bug out of all bugs. 🤦 When I am receiving message it doesn't show notif even ring. Sigh! Hope you can fix this asap! Stop creating useless themes. Improve this app.,0,1,Messenger
1788,Ꭼʀʀօʀ࿐⓿⓿ Sipon,"February 14, 2023","After Each update its shows unexpected behaviour. Sometimes it shows black screen/white screen,sometime it only shows the Messenger logo. Can't even use this app.",0,1,Messenger
1789,William Johnson,"November 28, 2022",Glitches and functions. Search function for conversations will list/show the comments but then you can't open them. Just a blank screen. The it will glitch and won't list anything searched for. Also when on a video chat at full screen will randomly minimize. Further on the video chat have to toggle the video function on and off the get the person on the far side to see the video. Ql,100 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1790,Darwin Damba,"January 7, 2023","When drafting a message and switching apps to look up something, when I return to FB messenger, the draft message is gone. Pretty annoying. Draft messages are only saved when chat heads are enabled.",2 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1791,Cheyanne B.,"October 2, 2022","The touch screen on my phone gets messed up and a message will pop up saying messenger is not optimized for this version of Android. The camera pictures flip sideways, viewing videos makes the app freeze, and sometimes it won't let me scroll up in the chats. This app is almost completely unusable, and I don't see any progress on fixing these issues, which have been issues for a while.","1,488 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1792,Baby Bear,"February 9, 2023",There are so many features that not working and it's disappointing. The call delivery time takes a huge amount of time. The video and audio call quality is not good enough😕,0,3,Messenger
1793,Jhayzel Catigan,"November 27, 2022","Recently, I can't open messages even I spam clicking it. I can't received messages on time, I can't reply to messages and group chats. I had to use the lite version. I even use my old phone so I can use my account. I tried to install and uninstall and even restart my phone many times but still it doesn't fix the problem. I already sent a report to you but there's seem no actions being taken. Pls fix this bug.",158 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1794,Valente Harris,"February 5, 2023",Does anyone know how to get in contact with anyone? I can only reply in secret messages and I've done all the trouble shooting and it hasn't helped. Seeing as Facebook and messenger is used world wide you'd think they would want to help keep it running smoothly .,0,3,Messenger
1795,Miranda K,"November 4, 2022","Driving me insane! For the past month videos won't play if they were sent more than two hours prior. Says ""something went wrong. Please try again."" But it never resolves. Also the app frequently freezes up and I have to shut it down and reopen it to get it to scroll. And there's nowhere in the app to report specific problems.",178 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1796,Wolfgang,"January 7, 2023",Just like fb it works part of the time. A spelling error or even a punctuation error may cause your msg to be rejected or flagged. I only use the junk app bc I have to close friends that only communicate via this pos app. The app doesn't even deserve one star! It's pure junk!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1797,Kimberley Spiteri,"February 12, 2023","The update 2 days ago absolutely killed messenger on my phone! I can't see photo's posted by others in my chats, it just says 'sent a photo' and it was working perfectly fine before the update. Please fix!",0,1,Messenger
1798,Matt Trafford,"September 27, 2022","For about 2 months now I've been getting this error pop up at the bottom of my phone's screen: ""Messenger isn't optimized for the latest version of android screen touches may be delayed"" It constantly delays the recognition of touch on the screen and sometimes causes the screen to be unresponsive entirely at which point I have to restart my phone. It's incredibly frustrating and very annoying and it doesn't seem like a fix is in sight 🤦‍♂️",335 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1799,Mihkel Toomet,"November 29, 2022","Does not work. Not a good app. Many times I have to close or restart the app to reload and see, who is online. Something is wrong with the (back) sync to the server. It's extremely annoying. Have removed the app, cleared cache etc. Nothing has helped really. Fortunately, not needed to use it that actively anymore.",37 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1800,Em Garcia,"February 12, 2023","i hate messenger this recently its soo bugging, I don't like the update my messages is always delayed and the photos and gifs cannot loading, pls. fix this , I've been using this app and I liked it so hope to fix this asap. thank you.",0,1,Messenger
1801,Lollita Popple,"January 18, 2023","Im sick of trying to click on photos, then exiting out using my phone's native ""back button"" & accidentally uploading the photo to stories, please get rid of ""add to stories"" or move it away from the bottom right of screen please, its more a hassle than useful",0,1,Messenger
1802,Alysa Claire Rosales,"January 6, 2023","Hi, I have this problem where it says that ""the person is unavailable to message"" or ""this person has blocked you"" when they didn't even blocked me it just happened out of nowhere and it got fixed then it happened again it's really annoying since I can't contact or message that person anymore... please fix this asap",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1803,Lost in Freckles,"December 31, 2022",So for some reason I'm not getting notifications from messages I receive or calls and no I haven't turned notifications off. I hate to say it but this issue never happened to my iPhone but as soon as I downgraded to a Telstra poof issues..,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1804,Big Bank,"January 11, 2023",Sending videos is horrible it fails and now you can't even press retry and it says remove but everyone knows it's only removing just for you unless you pick to unsend the message but why tf would I wanna do that? Bring back the retry option or fix this issue I might go back to just using my internet provider instead and just text and call people and stick with Google duos meet program since the video quality is 10 times better than messengers version.,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1805,Alexander Howard Barcebal,"December 1, 2022","App is bugged. Suddenly crashed 2 seconds after I opened the app. Probably because my phone is old. Certified skill issue moment UPDATE: just updated the app and now it works. Thank you for bug fixes, I guess",17 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1806,Ayk Zamanian,"January 13, 2023","Dear, your application is not working properly. After updating the app, I can't read messages in the Marketplace. Shows only a black background, nothing else.",0,1,Messenger
1807,aysun osmanova,"February 12, 2023",I can't even open the application from two days. There is a serious problem with Messenger. The problem is not from the phone because I have problem only with this application. I uninstalled it then install again but nothing happens...,0,3,Messenger
1808,Mackenzie Lyman,"January 8, 2023","Recently I've gotten the new Messenger update on my OnePlus 9 Pro 5G from T-Mobile and I have been unable to add anything to my story because it gets stuck in the sending phase. I'll close and reopen Messenger only to find the add to my story page shows nothing but the add to your story button as if I never sent anything to my story. I'm updated as of January 8th, 2023 at 7:24am CST. Please get this fixed and I'll come back to edit my review.",10 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1809,Shiann Turlington,"February 13, 2023","Used to be 10/10, but it keeps not letting me send messages saying couldn't send, my wifi and service is perfectly fine. And nothing I'm saying is bad. Plus if they think I'm sending something bad they must be looking at my chat which is against my privacy:/",0,1,Messenger
1810,Daryll Eggsy Guelas,"February 11, 2023",I hope you can put a new feature on the app where on group chats we can pin a message/reminder. Thanks! Update: Thanks so much for adding this feature I requested back in November of last year. ❤️❤️❤️👏👏👏,5 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1811,Jr. A,"February 3, 2023","garbage. every update makes this app worse. now it constantly cuts off. it shows whos online,then shows nobody. ""search for active people"" and now the refresh icon keeps circling on the bottom of chats,even with no new messages. what a joke",0,1,Messenger
1812,Danielle Gauvin,"September 16, 2022",Not too thrilled... Broken app. It literally is frozen now. I can open the app but it doesn't do anything anymore. No scrolling. Can't open chats. Can't post stories. Just can't tap anywhere. Nothing happens. Always says waiting for network when I'm clearly online wifi or data. Absolutely useless at this point. I have resorted to being stuck on the computer for messaging. Not convenient in the slightest as my desktop computer cannot come with me. Very displeased and disappointed. PLEASE fix it!,"1,166 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1813,kal lorenz TV,"December 7, 2022","Most of the time everytime there is a new message that pops up in my chat icon and open it, the message don't show up and there is a notice that there is an error. I have to close the chat head and reopen it for the message to be refresh thats insane and its bothersome.",6 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1814,Maurice Moss,"November 6, 2022","Way to reach an all time low. This app doesn't even work a little bit. I send a message to someone and all it sends is a blank black space. The app does 1 thing, and you can't do that right? Very pathetic. You guys should change your name from Meta to Semantic Errors. And this most recent update where the message you are typing out blanks if you leave the app for a second is the pinnacle of your failure.",143 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1815,Anna Ritter,"February 10, 2023",It's convenient for international calls but the video and audio are iffy. Get notifications that there are messages but takes fo...rre..vverrr.... to load.,0,2,Messenger
1816,Bluntly The bear,"February 13, 2023",As of late I don't get notifications on this app I miss important messages because I don't get the ping or the messages don't pop up on my phone even though I made sure everything was on. App used to be my goto but now I miss everything my friends and family send me I can't recommend this app to anyone.,0,1,Messenger
1817,Justin Dessel,"January 5, 2023",Only got it because I thought it would make Facebook marketplace easier to respond with as Facebook hates you trying to use their mobile site. It worked fine at long as I already started a message on the real site. Otherwise I could see the 10 messages others had tried to send me. Disappointed and will delete after I sell a things I want out of my house.,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1818,Steve Millar,"February 13, 2023",Doesn't display notifications anymore. I have all notifications turned on in settings and there's no updates available. I tried reinstalling the app but I still have to open the app to manually check for new messages every time,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1819,Becky Hartshorn,"February 11, 2023","It's usually just okay, reception is always bad on face talks but tonight now I can't send or receive any messages. I've tried reporting this and I can't even do that. I'm not a happy camper today. I done know hiw to even begin to fix this.",0,3,Messenger
1820,Travis Jernigan,"February 1, 2023","After doing a factory reset to my phone, messenger will not open videos other people send me. Instead, it opens a video completely different. This is the latest version of this mess.",0,1,Messenger
1821,Stephanie Scaife,"December 3, 2022",Since being able to use it normally and then since upgrading it constantly tells me its unavailable to use and letting them know I have technical difficulty know one has responded to me. Very frustrating.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1822,Jesse Rentz,"November 18, 2022","App was fine before the latest update. All chats were available through bubbles but now it's only recent chats. Even then, what the app things is recent and what I think is recent are entirely different and it's inconsistent. Edit: it's only gotten worse. Now the conversations overlay on top of each other even if you close the bubble, part of it will stay. Only goes away after locking and unlocking the phone.",177 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1823,Snowpaw The Loving Husky,"September 8, 2022","Used it to communicate with friends all the time, but since past 2 months I've been having same issue of not compatible with newer version of android and now it's to the point I had to restart in safe mode to allow myself to delete the app because it kept popping up the message and not allowing me to do anything. So now i replaced it with my new main social media (Discord) and the app uses less data while as maintaining a clear and sharp call, even on weak signal, at least the call stays active.",237 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1824,blake Usher,"February 10, 2023",App won't even open anymore I have uninstalled and reinstalled I have cleared data and cache but this app is completely useless even when it does work sometimes it takes days to get notifications from people who have sent me a msg,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1825,Denny Leonado,"January 31, 2023","It was really nice to have this app, but the problem is it sometimes acts strange. The app suddenly unsends messages and cannot completely download files.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1826,Ma. Fatima Marquez,"December 10, 2022","I am very disappointed to this app cuz why? Because this apps can't operate with us. Like I'm using my messenger. Yoyy, this apps have so many troubles we encounter. I'll try my best like I uninstall this apps. It never change. LoL Please fix this problem there so many people are having a trouble while using your apps. I hope you guys cooperate Thanks you",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1827,Joey “Joey” Joey,"February 7, 2023",No real time notification when receiving call or message in mobile app. We've been using the app since it was introduced so most of my connection depends in Messenger. It isn't like this before,0,1,Messenger
1828,Kristin Myron Gray,"December 27, 2022",Now I feel it shows seen by almost all my friends right away but they haven't seen it for a couple days later or even hours later. When I do check back if they have seen the message and they have and click and see it shows the same time I sent the message but yet they didn't see the message until hours or days later. Also some of mine that come in I don't get a notification until hours after they have seen it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1829,Erich Laguna,"February 13, 2023","too many bugs, messages doesn't appear, and need to send again, even notifications is bugging they don't pop up so you will not know that someone message you unless you open the app",0,2,Messenger
1830,Lacey and Lucy,"January 1, 2023","Notifications don't work, have to close and re-open the app to see what someone said, I can't look through old messages, or scroll up at all. Awful update.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1831,Maree Howard,"January 18, 2023","Have always enjoyed messenger as a way to chat with family and friends interstate, but lately the app doesn't tell me that someone has sent a message. So most days someone's message can go unread for a day/s as I don't know it's sitting there. Have also missed out on buying things on marketplace due to the messages not being sent a notification.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1832,Kaka Hadjiunos,"November 8, 2022",It really irritates me. All kinds of bugs have been happening. I sometimes can't open the chat bubbles/head and trying to open messages takes a really long time. It also sometimes doesn't notify me anymore when there's a new message. It lags all the time and there's delayed messages and notifications. Please fix this. I use this as my #1 communication app. ㅠㅠ,"2,692 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1833,Dafrogeron,"January 26, 2023","I don't get notified if I get a message. I have to manually open and check it. Another thing, the bubble overlay is glitchy time to time and won't let me send messages with it.",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1834,Addeladle St. James,"January 19, 2023","There's literally no way whatsoever to log out of messenger on the app. I scoured the help center for quite some time, please don't mischaracterize the options that do exist as contradicting my statement because I am not ill-informed. This undesireable feature is a perfect example of why ""meta"" is so unappealing to interact with. In order to address the underlying issue I believe a fruitful starting point would be to look up the advice for those employed in advertising from the late Bill Hicks.",0,1,Messenger
1835,Xxnyan catxX,"November 30, 2022",The latest update is a disaster! It keeps lagging and keeps stopping. I couldn't open each chat and I keep uninstalling and installing it to make it work! please fix the problem.,21 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1836,phill lip,"February 14, 2023",Suddenly stopped working on my phone for no reason at all. Tried to reinstall but just sends me round in circles. Another case of trying to fix something that isn't broken!,0,1,Messenger
1837,Jastoni Estanislao,"February 3, 2023",There is a bug in the new update. I can't unsent my messages anymore. There is still a button to unsent but it is not working anymore. Hopefully you can resolve this. Thank you.,2 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1838,Sparkles Quintam,"November 28, 2022","For the love of all that is holy, PLEASE bring back the functionality within messages showing how many messages since last checked AND the ability to select it to go to your last read one. It's painful to use this app without that anymore. Not sure who thought it would be a good idea to remove the feature, but it was a bad one.",99 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1839,jessica stevens,"December 29, 2022","Since the latest update, im unable to have a call without losing the other person. Both on wifi (full bars) and its all pixels and drops to where i have no sound. Ridiculous!",19 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1840,Jonathan Feriza,"December 17, 2022","Full of bugs. Your friends are messaging at group? ""Something went wrong"" will appear when you open the bubble. Trying to jump to older messages? Also ""something went wrong"". Fix the bloody bug.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1841,Carl James Dionisio,"February 8, 2023","App is kinda boring now, you can't even back read at all it'll just make the app bug, and the notifications aren't working very well, Messanger was not like this when it was 2019-2020. I hope you guys fix this.",0,3,Messenger
1842,Ashley Yott,"February 6, 2023",Always acting up seems to always have problems messaging someone where it wont let me reply. When i am not blocked by anyone just wont let me reply to messages really disapointing miss myspace with one of these issues to bad facebook has so many issues,0,1,Messenger
1843,Eric,"November 23, 2022","Reported problems like when the app rotates it automatically opens to cameras..when you shut one the second opens. Every. Single. Time. The app rotates. Been happening for a few months at least. Also could use less stories and more messaging. Stories are on Facebook. They don't need to be in Messenger too. 🤷 Came back to lower the stars from 3 to 1. No improvement. None. At least fix the GIF searching. Almost nothing shows up, while on my built in one can pull up hundreds...",52 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1844,Angel Rawles,"December 20, 2022",This update has completely broken the Facebook pay option. It just shows you the info screen on what metapay is and you can infinitely hit the okay button. It just keeps giving you the same screen.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1845,Samantha Brown,"January 31, 2023",Lots of issues and bugs lately. I won't get video calls or get an alert that says someone called me. Will get an alert that someone sent me a message and when I open the chat that message is not there. Calls won't go through on either end.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1846,Lhixie Palana,"November 5, 2022","It's a good app to contact your friends, relatives, etc. But the problem I'm having is that i always receive a notification that messenger is using microphone in the background even though i am not recording a voice message... It's actually creeping me out. I don't even know if it's lagging. I uninstalled the app so it'll disappear and re installed it again. After re installing it, it happened again even though I'm not using the voice message feature.. Please do something about this..","2,454 people found this review helpful",3,Messenger
1847,Ammo Ray,"December 2, 2022","Oh no,, not another 1!! This app was great but what did they do to make it this screwed up?? I just feel like asking "" have you've been hacked"" bc how can a perfectly fine app turn to straight garbage!! large font are small, camara nor ph works anymore , & now the whole app just won't start up . Message: Close app is all I get when I try to open it . Someone send this app to REHAB bc clearly it's on SKID ROW. I want my messenger. I rate it a minus .5...",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1848,Maykel Vee,"February 13, 2023",Please fix it. It won't notify me messages and it won't let me change nicknames. There's a lot of minor bugs in here that makes it hard to use. Please fix it before adding new update,2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1849,Justin Fox,"December 18, 2022","Extremely glitchy, shows peoples online status only sometimes, other times it just doesn't appear, sometimes it says some people were offline at different times like it says offline 15mins ago but the number over their icon says 25, how can they be offline at two different times? It's been like this for a long time now and gets worse withe every update. I question the experience of the people who are tasked with developing updates for this app otherwise they would have fixed these issues by now",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1850,Gwyn Plaine,"December 11, 2022","It crashes often. And for some reason, it just stops receiving or sending messages. I have to force stop it and open it again for it to work. But Facebook probably isn't reading this so... Meh.",2 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1851,Jason Rey Bacuahon,"February 1, 2023","I have been using messenger since then, it's good but few days ago, my messenger can't send pictures, videos, and voice messages. It happened in a sudden. And it really is frustrating.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1852,Marcel B,"December 11, 2022","Sometimes the message notification is a standard ding sound, but often it's just a very quiet sound that I won't hear if I'm further away from the mobile or I've got telly on. Why can't it just be one message like before? We don't need rubbish 'improvements'!!!",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1853,Jessica Woulf,"February 13, 2023",Is messenger having issues again?? I'm not getting any notifications when I get messages. And it's also not downloading voice messages or photos that were sent right away as usual. What is going on??,0,1,Messenger
1854,Kendy Richards,"December 22, 2022","Messenger used to work great and then starting a few weeks ago, I stopped being able to send messages. Every time I try sending something, the app immediately closes and nothing sends!",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1855,Naomi Amanda Jichita,"December 29, 2022",It's a good app except for all of the glitches. There's always seemingly some new issue that means I have to reinstall it. Videos will make the entire chat freeze. Messages won't show up. Today: a message got stuck so every time I opened a chat with a particular person my text box was already filled with a message I already sent. Weird stuff. Tired of reinstalling this thing. Taking a star off every time I need to un/re-install from now on.,30 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1856,Annaly Cruz Lim,"February 2, 2023","This has been a useful app for all of us but recently, this app sucks! Keeps on sending notification about previous messages. My fone keeps on beeping and vibrating because of these notifs from previous days messages.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1857,Stewart Thompson,"February 17, 2023","Used to work fine and over the last couple weeks I don't get notifications, messages don't send, I can't open my archived chats. It's becoming unusable",0,1,Messenger
1858,Natalie Smith,"September 30, 2022","Please fix the issue with Android phones and the touch screen! Also I hate the new layout of the in call screen. Why the heck is the end button way up in the corner and so small? I don't like it. Oh and there is an issue with pictures taken in the app, they rotate for no reason and it's very inconvenient to have to edit the photo and turn it every single time especially because I usually only use that camera option when I'm in a hurry anyway.","1,727 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1859,Judi Smalley,"January 21, 2023","Please, for the love of all creation, fix the ""search in conversation"" feature! It keeps lagging the app. I can't find what I'm looking for because the past parts of the conversation won't load.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1860,Arjie Nieypes,"February 19, 2023","I rated it 4 stars because sometimes it has a bug...I dunno I think it's a glitch..well I don't care what it is but please fix it as soon as possible.Then,I have suggestions can you please add the emoji just like this (UwU) HEHE..I don't need explanation just add it and it's done.My idea is brilliant,isn't?Of course I am😎.",0,4,Messenger
1861,Matthew Robbins,"January 28, 2023","Notifications haven't stopped working. And yes, they're all on in the settings of my phone. Just missed an important message via marketplace and lost a sale!",0,1,Messenger
1862,Robert,"February 14, 2023","when it decides to work correctly it is amazing. but rarely works as described and constantly lags. major delay in messeges and connection isssues. not the isp, phone or internet im on google fiber",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1863,PickleMan,"December 25, 2022","Doesn't deliver messages in the background, even with no power saving and full data sync. Have to have a chat bubble constantly open to work. Used to work several updates ago.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1864,Lois Christman,"January 21, 2023","When I open app, it does not show active friends. It says something went wrong, try again. Sometimes friends with show for a split second then disappear.",0,1,Messenger
1865,Brett litwin,"December 8, 2022",I've never had an app that's updates as frequently as this one and still can't figure out the bugs. I want the messenger from 2013 when the quality of calls was better and you actually knew when people were on the app. Now you update it works for about a day then back to the same B.S. Messenger has been Zucked to much!!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1866,Ashley Kreimann,"January 9, 2023",App is not working properly as no notifications are being sent despite my notification settings being set up correctly! Extremely frustrating to be missing calls and messages because no notification is provided!,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1867,Vicente Lopez Jr,"January 30, 2023","I am going to start with the staff. The staff is excellent, and all of them give you a warm smile. The Women working the counter are great customer service. The product is great. All the food is fresh. The owner keeps the place clean at all times. The place stays packed. I recommend any to come to the SunCity Center Tropical Smoothie",28 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1868,Elyze Jac,"January 14, 2023",I've been using this app since 2014..it so useful for me bcoz its the only we used to talk with my fam...but its getting worst everytime its updated....its bugging everytime i switch account...the delivered messages was seen at the same time you sent the messages even though it was seen for a long time..it really bothers me...the time call was seen only the time duration but the time you did the call cannot seen...why so messy?,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1869,Monica Anne Golden,"January 6, 2023",Incoming messages. For a few weeks now all incoming messages that come to me are not in bold. So when I open messenger I have no idea what's new. What has been responded to fm a msg I sent. It's a huge mess n takes hours now to read 50 messages. I have to continually open n close the same messages all throughout the day. Im so behind in work now. Always saying sorry to people . I have no clue whats going on in my company. Notta . I can't be more livid. I've tried uninstalling. Nothing.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1870,Jay.,"January 12, 2023","I can't rate you more than 1star based on the fact that my phone won't update messenger on mobile data or wifi, and it's a constant issue as it won't allow me to message people. I tried all troubleshooting options. Even have fellow workmates looking and noticing it won't update.",0,1,Messenger
1871,Flexx Tape,"September 15, 2022","During calls, we usually go on Facebook Watch to watch a show to make fun of it, but everytime I rewind or even pause the video, the other person on the line starts all the way over. This is a huge problem for me. We're tackling a long distance relationship and this is just adding to our issues. Please fix this. I also wish there was a better selection of videos. PLEASE FIX THIS.",197 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1872,Bianca Ioana,"February 8, 2023",Is getting so annoying as I don't receive the messages anymore... Just if is happening to open the app to write a message I realise there are more messages.. Also is crashing most of the time...,16 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1873,Vonda Yocum,"January 29, 2023","These last several days it's been opening then closing right back up or soon as I click on messenger it goes back to my main Facebook. I have already uninstalled it and downloaded it back and still the same thing.logged out an back in and still no help. But every time I uninstall it ,it will work for a short period then a hr or so later it goes back to doing this",0,2,Messenger
1874,Trey,"January 10, 2023","I cant even make a new account. I made a new account, but i have to confirm that it's me. So everytime i try to confirm its me. I send a code to my phone number or my email address, and it doesnt send. Simple stuff like this, yet failed by a billion dollar conpany, good job whoever designed this app, must be real smart with it.",0,1,Messenger
1875,Dan Jacko (Jako),"December 29, 2022","When watching a video sent, if another message comes through, or they see a message you have sent, you can close the music player in app. Have to force stop the app every time.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1876,josh,"December 28, 2022","Video player has issues and is locking up phone... If you are watching a video and you get a message it glitches the video and locks up the phone. Please fix this.... *update* 8/20/2022 Videos still trash.... Now it's ASKING ME TO SWITCH ACCOUNTS CONSTANTLY !! Is this a ""if it isn't completely broken we will break it"" situation? No fixes, no improvements, no new features ... Just more broken... Update 12/28/2022 Won't open chats correctly",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1877,Hridoy Sarkar,"January 29, 2023","After giving the last update it is causing many problems while watching videos on Facebook the video turns off again and again an annoying thing it was not like this before, after uninstalling it I reinstalled it but the problem is still there",0,1,Messenger
1878,Kayla Aguilar,"February 14, 2023","Considering I use this app consistently, I don't feel I can give it 1 star, however the past month messages won't load, pictures take up to 15 minutes to view (on wifi) videos glitch the app out, and it's been basically miserable to use to communicate with others.",0,2,Messenger
1879,Елизавета Пасичнюк,"February 12, 2023","Hi! The experience is awesome, Messenger is my long time friend! However, something went wrong, and it hasn't been responding for the past few days. Re-installation and such don't help:(",2 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1880,Gellie Ann Calicdan,"November 23, 2022",It's my most used app for messaging and calling but it suddenly crashed and I've been uninstalling and installing it for how many times already thinking it will be the same like before I updated it but it still keeps on crashing everytime I open it. I had no choice but to use the lite version of this to continue with all the group chats I have in this app. I hope the developers fix this bug.,"3,061 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
1881,Marilyn Cristal,"September 18, 2022","It is great but I have suggestion that could make the messenger more convenient when it comes to messaging. And it is to have an option where you can pin your messages and or have a ""mark as important"" button then it'll go on the "" important chats"" folder or menu, whatever it is called. So that the important messages that won't go under and under the conversation of the new messages that could be buried there and never got replied or even notice. I know it would be huge help for everyone.",856 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1882,jeremy crabtree,"February 11, 2023",Delays in messages. Sometimes days. Get emails saying i have messages but have none nor any message requests. Now finally it just wont load. Glad im not into this for anything but people to message me. Uninstalled!,0,1,Messenger
1883,Amanda Sorensen,"January 31, 2023",Wondering what is up with messenger lately ...reading other reviews and it seems I'm not the only one who is not receiving notification for messages until I open the app then they all come through. I did the update and it was good for a week or so now doing the same thing.,1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1884,Elle Marie,"January 10, 2023","my msnger isn't working properly, as msgs are taking too long to receive, and stories aren't available. it has already been a week like this, and I have already uninstalled and installed again the app, but nothing has changed. Any help pls? or else any clue why this is happening??",0,2,Messenger
1885,Allen Soliva,"February 16, 2023","Remove facebook updates and chat in your communities. That was not necessary because we have separate facebook apps or you can make another portion for it in the apps. People are people only who is active, as of now you cannot see who is active because first thing you see in the people active status portion was that facebook updates and chat in your community, active people list was down below which supposed to be more than important than that facebook updates. You separte both, then separate it",0,1,Messenger
1886,Kelly lee,"January 25, 2023",Can't figure out why the highlighted part of the message went away on messenger. Poof! Gone. Have to figure out who sent the text. Pain in the arse. This just happened 2 days ago. No way to fix the problem on my end. Hopefully messenger will on their end.,0,4,Messenger
1887,MàŁåŇĢ MąĽäÑĞ,"February 19, 2023",I accidentally clicked on update and now the video call costume effect is not working. I tried a lot to reinstall the older version but not succeed. Please fix costume background issue,0,1,Messenger
1888,Alexander Cadalin,"February 7, 2023","Yes, Messenger. You've already notified me like an hour ago that this person has sent me a message. I also have read that very message already. I have replied to that message as well. You do not have to notify me about that message again. Keep the bugs coming.",139 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1889,Katsume Yuntenshi,"February 12, 2023","Hello ,I would like to report this bug . Its been like this for 2 days and I cant see my contacts or any messages, further more I do have proper internet connection, I can open other apps , watch YouTube/Tiktok and even play games but I cant seem to gain access on messenger???plss help",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1890,FreezyWizzy,"February 13, 2023","I couldn't see people's messages. When I unsent a message it still shows in the chat box or outside, pls fix this. I had to use facebook lite to see their messages and replies.",0,2,Messenger
1891,Rares Busuioc,"September 25, 2022","You'd think an app this used would be better optimized and problems (most recently, when a person in a group sends a message, it appears as if everyone else was kicked from the group and thus unable to respond) would get fixed eventually, if not very quickly. Dreadful experience, actively looking for alternatives that meta doesn't plan on buying...",176 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1892,vaa72,"December 8, 2022","Trash absolute garbage glitches in the UI terrible experience it doesn't even support the videos which would be sent normally if I used Facebook lite which is how , how do you say it's not supported and then when I use lite the smallest app in terms of size it sends it flawlessly no complains about the video format or nothing",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1893,Khian (『 Kyousey 』),"December 8, 2022",Performance are getting worse every update. Notifications happens twice. Video seeker gets stuck on screen. Bubbles freezing on screen. Letters appearing delayed on type.,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1894,Nissar Shaikh,"February 6, 2023","Earlier it was best video calling app with Family specially with children. We use to play on video call with children and take pictures with this app. It's long we haven't captured memories with children while playing games, emoji, effects. Rest it hangs the phone...",3 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1895,Paul Tsouris,"December 16, 2022","Billions of downloads, hundreds of millions of users, and yet this app keeps downgrading... Unacceptable. Now that it has become integral on everyone's daily social routine, it can safely get worse, and people will have to just go with it. Instead of focusing on vanity features, that 95% of people will never use (chat mini-games, video filters, GIF buttons, etc) just bring back the original chat functionality and ease of use....",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1896,Owen x,"February 2, 2023","App isn't showing messages I've sent recently, seems to be crashing, doesn't show search results when I search a conversation. Running Android 13 on Pixel 7Pro.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1897,Barack Obama,"December 7, 2022","Whatever was updated broke the app. Can't search through chats, can't tap on chats to open them, can't scroll back through chats. Videos are broken beyond recognition and obstruct the entire screen, if they load at all. Picture quality has always been bad. Seriously? Is this what I should come to expect from this company",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1898,Abdllah Kassem,"February 12, 2023",After last update notifications not working and no sound for it too I tried everything and I reinstall the app and nothing has changed. still waiting for another update to fix it.. Phone Samsung M51.,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1899,Dallas Kroll,"February 1, 2023","Links in messenger do not take me to the video shown in the link, it takes me to random feed instead. As well some contacts can't seem to send me a video call request, despite not being blocked on my end.",8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1900,Jessica Kissner,"December 12, 2022",Disappointed in how I can read a message on my computer but then switch to my phone and have it say I have 42 unread messages when I read and responded to them on the computer side. I didn't have this trouble before and now it does it constantly.,3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1901,c20let260,"January 29, 2023",What the HELL is going on with messenger Don't get notifications unless you actually open the app Can't make calls When you call it rings my end but not the other Sort it out 18 months on and it's something else now... Doesn't deliver messages... UNLESS of course you go to WhatsApp and send there and it seems to kick into life,2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1902,Kaitlyn Turner,"September 21, 2022","Left a review almost 2 years ago about how the app has been going downhill now that it's adding all these extra features. It definitely started to improve sometime after that, but now it has a huge bug with Android where it says it's ""not optimized for android"" so I can't use chat bubbles. If one pops up, it freezes my screen. App works otherwise but the bubbles are the most convenient part",328 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1903,Mohan Prakash Rout,"January 3, 2023","This app is irritating, don't know why it keep se sing old messages again and again on while opening different meta apps like FB, Insta or while connecting to another network or internet source. Full of bug stops in between, keyboard works on his own while typing..",0,1,Messenger
1904,Kris Chan,"February 7, 2023","Too many bugs, I cant recieve any calls, messages keeps notifying me over and over again even if i already read the message , the chat head is annoying. it keeps popping up because of the notif. bugs",2 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1905,Linda Reddoch,"January 29, 2023",Some weirdo got in under one of my friends names and sent obsessive and out of line messages. I had to cut messenger out. Only way to get rid of him trying to get in touch with customer service. No way to get anyone. Tried for months. No connection and no response. Livid,0,2,Messenger
1906,Sharon,"December 16, 2022",I keep dealing with issues on the apps no one is getting there notifications of being notified.so I end up texting my contacts from my phone.asking if they getting my messages on messenger. Getting really ANNOYING to use any of the fb or messanger.apps with all the issues. Try fixing your issues so people can injoy it without any issues til then 1 star.if I could rate a 0 star I would for all fb apps just because of all the issues I'm having. I'm sure I'm not the only person here having issues,1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1907,Tiana Marie,"November 22, 2022","Always crashes or loses connection when all other internet-based apps are working fine. I've had to reinstall it 3 times Edit: Previous issue has been resolved but I remain steadfast on 3 stars. I don't receive messages until hours after they are sent and when I do receive group chat messages, they are out of order. Edit 11/22/22. Bringing down rating again because my past message is in the text box any time I open the app. I have to delete that message from the text box to type a new one.",326 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1908,Sarah Georgeana Manugan,"November 30, 2022","I tried fixing it through some tricks i watched frm yt. It worked but once you exit and not using the app for awhile , or clearing the recent apps then go back by opening it again , it comes blank like , it's all clear , no convo at all. Pls fix 😔",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1909,Darien Dearth,"December 12, 2022","I keep getting messages with no notification coming through. Occasionally i will get a random notification. I have reset my phone, the app, its up yo date, its not muted on my phone, no one is muted on messenger, i cant fix it and i see other ppl with the same issue with no fix i assume this is a problem on fb's end",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1910,Kerry Jones,"December 14, 2022","It Hella annoying there is no option of not being added to group charts until one approves it. Now there is this annoying group chat even when one leaves, CAN'T EFFING DELET IT 🤬 FIX IT!! That Setting option needs to be added on all the apps Under PRIVACY 😒",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1911,Leslie Anne Alvaran,"December 27, 2022","After the update, you can barely see the new messages. It is no longer bold, unlike before. Whoever designed the aesthetic really messed up this time.",0,3,Messenger
1912,John Hanzel Macabenta,"January 23, 2023",It's the best app for communication. Can you put a feature that pins group so that they wont be swallowed and forgotten? It really helps in management and efficiency.,47 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1913,Tegan Crowley,"November 16, 2022","The app won't switch between a business page and a personal page easily anymore. I have to wait for someone to message my personal page, click on it from my notifications and then it will transfer back to my personal page. Could there be the ability to have two Messenger accounts (ie two different apps)? Then we can switch between them easily.",827 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1914,Daslaze,"October 3, 2022","I get it, jumping back and forth between new design and old design for testing and customers feedback. Sure, but then breaking the app is another thing. Now everytime I enter the app, I have to wait around 10 secs for the interface to load up. Just... Stay consistent, please. And also being different just for the sake of being different is not a good design in my opinion",641 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1915,Dawn Berthal,"January 2, 2023",No one is able to video chat me anymore they say it just rings and rings and I don't ever see anything until they hang up and I'll get the notification thing that I missed a call and I've looked at all my settings and everything is set to be able to receive but and sometimes I'm even looking right at my phone so I'm not getting anything they say it's raining on their ends but I got nothing,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1916,Eric Jackson,"February 18, 2023","What great way for people off the grid to keep in touch. Homeless going in and out of wifi range. Messenger allowed for the message to pop up as soon as you hit wifi. And posting on FB allows family and friends to see that you're alive, and well based, on current posts and shares, and stories on msgr.",0,5,Messenger
1917,REDWAN IBN MAHBUB,"December 30, 2022","In the previous versions, we could specipy which video or attachment is being replyed. But now If I send a several video or attachments and anyone replys on it, I don't understand which one they are replying. It needs to be improved.",0,2,Messenger
1918,Melissa Campbell,"January 18, 2023","My messenger only shows messages in white colored text. It used to show my new messages with bold black text to tell them apart, and now, no matter if its a new or old message its white. I've missed a lot of messages because I cant tell the difference.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1919,Cody McCabe,"January 13, 2023","A terrible experience. Messaging is complicated. Accessing and sorting chats is convoluted. Emojis don't look right. Giant mute notifications in chat? I know it's muted, I don't care, I don't want a group chat bothering me all day. Absolutely horrible app, I'm constantly advocating my chat rooms to move to a different app.",0,2,Messenger
1920,Morgan Whiteman,"September 23, 2022","As others have said, app freezes the second it's opened. I've never had an issue with messenger since it's creation, until now. Trying to communicate through marketplace is impossible, active statuses don't show anything but ""waiting for network."" Turning off Wi-Fi helps for a bit, but not for long. Forcing the app closed, clearing cache, etc doesn't do anything either.","2,142 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
1921,Geneva Nakahara,"January 27, 2023","I def use this for school purposes, it will be good to add folders so that the Group Chats are not scattered on the messaging app. The folder will easily help the user to navigate the Group Chat he/she wanted to use. It will also save time for d user rather than searching for the group chat name.",0,3,Messenger
1922,Ka Te,"January 6, 2023","changing my review again: the messenger app has become COMPLETELY unusable. first it started w/ my search function, then the constant lagging, then having to force stop every time bec it just... wouldn't?? work?? and now i'm not getting notifications either. this was such a good app up until late 2022, what happened?",362 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1923,XxFireFlarexX 1,"December 13, 2022",It was a great app for calling and texting but now if I dare to try and search in conversation I have to restart my phone to continue texting. And the search in conversation isn't working whatsoever. Its frustrating and this update didn't fix anything at all.,5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1924,Alethea Athanasiov,"December 31, 2022","Installed on my new phone (Galaxy s22+) and app is no longer showing unread messages in bold. Cannot distinguish between read and unread messages, therefore missing a lot of messages. Please fix!",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1925,Michelle Espra,"January 30, 2023","Messenger is not responding even though I have a great connection. I can't open any conversation even if I spam click it, please fix this I have been reinstalling this app in hope that it can fix the bug but it's not. Messenger has a lot to improve I hope it will be fix in the next patch update.",0,1,Messenger
1926,godsmind orlu,"January 13, 2023","I so much like this new update of this app, you guys did a great job. Especially the part that I can now see my notifications on the app without jumping to facebook to view them Please fix this problem of brithday notifications Before I do see my friends birthday and that will make me react to there birthday But in this new one I can't find that",17 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1927,Sam Yang,"January 27, 2023","What is the problem with messenger randomly muting people I casually talk to? Messenger, for the past month had just prevented me from receiving messages from anyone I talk to by just randomly muting them. It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever and each update just gets worse as time goes on. Please patch this error. It's extremely frustrating.",66 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1928,Joe Schmoe,"December 3, 2022",Photo and video compression is terrible. Please bring back uncompressed like it was about 4 years ago. iPhone version still does it. Website does it. Messenger Lite just does photos. It can be done...,4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1929,Bill,"January 29, 2023",Slots challenging quests but honestly get annoyed when it keeps reminding me that I'm supposed to accomplish a task in 40 spins and at moment have spun more than 200 times and still haven't hit what's required but every 4 spins it cuts in to remind me 🖕,0,4,Messenger
1930,Gretchen Van Schnozbaeg,"February 15, 2023",It doesnt work anymore. I have cleared up space on my phone to re-install and it constantly says 'app not working'. i thought maybe i need to update and there is no option.,1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1931,Sara Shapiro,"January 28, 2023",I cannot receive a video call from my daughter and this is the way I can communicate and SEE my granddaughter. All the settings are correct. I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app 3 times! I have restarted my phone 3x. NOTHING!!,8 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1932,Trisha Zara D Explorer,"December 8, 2022","So many glitches with this app, it gets the job done but sometimes when I send a video the icons ( pause etc, ) gets stuck on my screen and I literally can't get rid of them untill I restart my phone/delete the app",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1933,Mary Louise Benedicto,"October 22, 2022","This app literally changed for the worst. First, I now can't log in my accounts and it keeps saying something is wrong. Whenever I try to log into a different account, it would say session expired. Secondly, I cannot see my some of my friends' stories. Finally, I couldn't be able to see my active friends even though my active status is on, the account display is empty. Please fix this.","1,000 people found this review helpful",2,Messenger
1934,Anders Dammen Søgård,"January 27, 2023","Don't know if this is an Android 13 feature. But what happened to the chat bubble? Can barely open and close chat in windowed mode after the last few updates, ss this feature is completely overhauled. In my opinion for the worse.",0,3,Messenger
1935,Eunice Labayo,"January 30, 2023","I can't send any photos and videos for 3 days now. Even if I restart my phone over and over, it won't work unless I uninstall and download the app again. Please fix this issue because this is the 3rd time that I have uninstalled and downloaded this app today.",0,1,Messenger
1936,Michael Brown,"December 28, 2022","I don't get messages until I open the app, it takes literally all day to deliver a message. This is really frustrating. I would have gotten rid of the app but it's my only point of contact with certain people.",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1937,Jaimee,"December 26, 2022","I only receive messages when I open the app. If I do not have a chat head open, I do not receive messages. I have to open the app to receive any. I have all the settings set so that the chat head pops up, that I receive notifications, but nothing. Its very frustrating and makes this app a little useless",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1938,Nics Azednag,"December 15, 2022","I can't see my story archive i tried to wait but it's taking so long no videos or photos i add on my stories shown up why's that? i tried to close the app and open it again but it's not working I deleted it and reinstalled it, it's still the same, please fix this.",3 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1939,Nhilandra,"January 6, 2023","Bad and getting worse, it randomly won't give me notifications if I get a message. Phone settings haven't changed, and I've tried re installing. But still won't work.",1 person found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1940,Bedejee Fangki (MirejiZen),"January 2, 2023","The app opens.. however when I tried clicking on one of the chat or any chat groups, it won't let me. The only one that I can click on are the advertisements. I restarted my phone and refreshed the app, nada.. nothing.. it did no improvement..... this bug is annoying. I also uninstalled and installed, still nothing. If you are planning to download the app, THINK TWICE, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME. Go download something else.",41 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1941,brandi Overton,"January 9, 2023","Notifications aren't working. Phone and app are updated, I even tried to reinstall the app and it didn't help. Looking at other reviews I'm not the only one with this issue. I never know when I have a new message unless I actually open the app",1 person found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1942,Nicole Dominique Foja,"January 24, 2023","It would be helpful if we could: - Search for chat threads through typing one's Messenger nickname in the search box (Messenger android). [updated] - Select multiple chat threads for archiving, deleting, etc. - Pin messages. Backreading also became hard all of a sudden.",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1943,Nora B (idunnoman),"September 8, 2022","Edit: The bubble size and accidental calls are still rampant. Update: I run both a business page and a regular page, and this app does not make it easy and simple to switch between the two. It constantly makes me log in, has EXTREME lag so that even WHEN I AM logged in as my personal self, I must close the app and wait for it to refresh so I can use it, then log in again. The app reviews are the closest thing I have to a successful bug report too","2,199 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1944,austin wiehage,"December 19, 2022",Just switched to an android phone and meta pay will not work. I used it daily on iPhone. When I go to send a payment to someone a prompt screen comes up as if it's my first time using the service with a continue button but when I press continue it only brings me right back to the same screen,5 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1945,Lord Mythis,"January 16, 2023","When I open the messenger emojis it takes me to the sticker page with no way to get to the emojis at all. Large black bar at the top of my message feed for no reason. Several other functions aren't working properly, if at all.",0,1,Messenger
1946,Jeric Raven,"December 10, 2022","This app deserves a re-review. ⭐ for adding Remove Reaction in chats and other new features✨ ⭐ reduced lagginess I'll give another star if you'd bring back Search Message, add Smart Notifications, and the Gallery. Viber have these features and I want this FB Messenger app to have it too. It brings ease for its users. This app is really great though, I would rate it 5 star for its usefulness. But seriously, Viber is becoming easier to use than this app.",22 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1947,Clarissa Talania,"November 29, 2022","Since last night, i cant open my messenger. I still can receive messages but i cant open them.dont know whats the problem. Ive been uninstalling it and installing for 10x and still not working. I also cant receive calls. Please fix the problem. Its the only app i use to connect with my family and friends.😢 hope youll fix it soon",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1948,Gattiek Thanor Kuach,"January 30, 2023","The messenger application is most important connector that connects worldwide through everything,including video and audio call that make the improvement of being safe from anywhere else,and also developing a good experience to the user because it helps to direct you when you get a mistake from writing something,the messenger is very important to me through it all positive policy that I accept and I am now following and iwill continue following the application process at any stage and thank much",23 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1949,Ramon Lopez,"February 9, 2023",The latest update ruined the way you look at photos & videos. Photos are blurry. Videos you cant fullscreen anymore and you can't skim through or select the quality,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1950,Samar Ghosh,"February 12, 2023","Messenger isn't responding. I tried to open this app But, nothing I try works. When I Tried several times it says, ""To see you, Sign in to messenger."" But to sign in Messenger needed to open. So I Uninstalled the app and installed it again. But when I Installed it and opened it then it wasn't working. I tried several times to open it but still it wasn't. This happens to Messenger with everyone. This is typical problem of Messenger that happenes with everyone. Please try to fix this problem.",0,1,Messenger
1951,Astrel,"November 21, 2022","App changed so much, the loading of users profile pictures are so late and slow, aswell as the icon on the middle top that said ""unread messages"" of conversations you missed in a group chat where did that go? It was so useful now its gone.😐 Edit: whats wrong with the cropping feature? it doesn't stay on what you cropped, its either you have to lower it or upwards. Suddenly the proximity meters so broken with voice messages the heck? fix it please thanks",774 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1952,Hana Sundet,"October 26, 2022","Looks like those missing messages have returned--thanks for the fix! But after trying Watch Together, I'm having major issues getting it to play videos from beginning to end. It will skip to a new video when somebody enters the call, and it did the same when we tried to move to a different point of playback.",182 people found this review helpful,4,Messenger
1953,John Paul Pondoc,"January 14, 2023",Problems everywhere!Video not playing smoothly having a bug where you play a video then suddenly turns to black and you cannot touch your screen.Slow loading. Bubble is useless. You cannot reply if it goes downward,0,1,Messenger
1954,zachary isle,"October 20, 2022",The update from about 3 months ago caused all of my themes to stop working on every conversation. I have made multiple attempts on reporting the issue. But no response and hasn't been fixed. Also I've been having issues where if I click on a video I was sent it then stops the video so I can't see it and closes the program and in unable to access anything on my phone,946 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1955,Manny Carrasco,"September 21, 2022","I've been having issues for the past few weeks, I can't see when people are active, my messages don't fully send unless I turn off wifi, I have to force close mesenger to see who's active and that's only until I close the app to go do something else. When I open new messages I get an error and have to open the full app to see it. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and everything else. Please fix this.","1,259 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1956,Katrina Duco,"January 20, 2023","Jan 13, 2023 - Messenger app is having issues again. Wherein there is no sound for video calls or it will have an echo to the other user. Jan 21, 2023 - same audio issue, video will be on mute before having an audio and I can now hear what the other user is watching on their end during the video call.",17 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1957,HKIW,"February 16, 2023","WTH is going on with is app. Missing notifications, sent videos crashes after while and it freezes alot. The only this is working normally is calls.",0,2,Messenger
1958,priyanka singh,"January 24, 2023","1 year later this is still a prob, The message notification is always late, almost 10 min from the time of the actual message sent. Some time it doesnt give notif at all and only when i open tha app it gives the notif. It happens all the time",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1959,Himanshu Yadav,"January 14, 2023",Full of bugs Sometime call doesn't end Sometime video doesn't come in full screen in video call. And many more I am very irrtated with this app. I rather go for it's alternatives.,30 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1960,Todd Schafer,"September 22, 2022","I had a similar issue last year where it would freeze & freeze my phone. Recently it started when I went to click on a picture & the screen would go black. Now, I can only open the app & it freezes. I can see my most recent conversation list but the app does nothing. I can't open any convo or scroll down to older ones. In addition, I get a random ""no internet connection"" message across the top sometimes when I am connected! I am unable to respond to my customers or marketplace messages too. 😕","1,938 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1961,Panex,"December 27, 2022","There's a bug that has been a thing for over a year, my whole phone stops recognizing any touch, I have to either restart my phone everytime or force close messenger and it happens a lot. How can a multi billion dollar company just make a product that is so unusable...",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1962,Inga Irkmonaite,"December 13, 2022","After last update the app doesn't work properly. When you open unread messages dont show in more bold type anymore and if you on a group chat before it showed how many messages unread...now its nothing, and its anoying...fix this please",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1963,Sophia Manio,"November 12, 2022","It is an app where people are forced to use it because its the only one connected to facebook which is the global social media app to contact family and friends however if I had an option to switch without losing communication, I would've years ago. First to mention is the lagging, which annoys me everytime I open the app and I have to wait for a few seconds till it becomes smooth again, the glitches and how it shows ""Cannot reply to this conversation"" at the bottom of the chat which I have to",221 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1964,Tas Adams,"February 2, 2023","App gives duplicate notifications 12+ hours after the original message was received and, usually, replied to, or just won't sent notifications at all, so either miss messages or makes sure you can't miss the messages by reminding you about them the next day",0,2,Messenger
1965,Alexander Stuart,"January 5, 2023","Before if I was making a call and was connected to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones and wanted to switch them to the internal speakers I was 2 clicks away from doing so and with the new update its 5 clicks away, the new UI for messenger video calls is horrible.",10 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1966,Shannon Bonacci,"November 11, 2022","App is still not loading correctly after most recent update. Issues switching between accounts if there are at least two on the device, loading screen/circle is neverending, messages don't open and when they do they are blank, etc. I cleared the data and cache and even had to uninstall and then reinstall and that still did not help. Once again, please fix the bugs.",98 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1967,Tejvir Thind,"January 16, 2023","2023: holy god, please fix this unnecessary vibrations everytime we open or close the app. ----2022: They really need to fix the widget thing on android. Everytime you open a message *vibrates*, you close messenger *vibrates*, you open a different person to mssg them *vibrates*. The thing is always vibrating no matter what you do. Note: it vibrates when there is nobody messaging, just vibrates simply cause you open and close the app. No way to disable, super annoying.",3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1968,Brandi Huseman,"December 29, 2022",My messenger is so messed up. It's not showing messages till like 30 sec after they sent a message. At times I have to go from message to message to figure out who it's from because it doesn't even show I had a message. Frustrating...,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1969,Inka Kedves,"January 17, 2023","Why do you keep changing things?? Why? The app is updated every week (which is stupid)!!! Every time after a new update, it gets worse and worse! You have ruined everything, it used to be much better! Messages don't arrive, calls don't ring, there's never a connection. Zero. I hope you at least read these reviews.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1970,Rhea Gaming,"February 5, 2023","Someone is trying to video call me however it did not ring or notify me. My phone is not on silent mode. When I tried to call someone as well it also did not ring, the one I was calling was astonish that it did not ring and there ate already multiple missed video chat.",4 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1971,Katy Ball,"January 31, 2023",When it works it's great but I am having far too many issues with not getting notifications of new messages to make it usable atm. Plus the issue with messages blanking in chats appears to be back.,0,2,Messenger
1972,Halveii,"November 26, 2022","It won't let me click on the chats. I can only open the chats through chatheads. Through chatheads however, I can't access the photos, because it doesn't load. I tried restarting my phone, and reinstalling the app, but it doesn't change anything. I can't even report it on the technical problems, because it only loads for so long.",351 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1973,Rudy Garza,"January 31, 2023","To many permissions. Gives easy access to other users to spy on your account..I don't know how I ended up with this version, this is one out of a thousand, and for some reason this is the only option available for me..ok Facebook! Do your thing!",0,1,Messenger
1974,Cyberphobia Online Support,"February 2, 2023",Why did you guys remove the story archive both in messenger and facebook? You also removed our capability to see who's viewed and reacted to our archived stories. And you also removed the photo capture during videocall - that is very important to us who are in a long distance relationship. Please add those things back on one of your next updates.,2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1975,Ashley Christian-Simpson,"January 19, 2023","This is my literal way 2 talk 2 or chat w/any communication or anything close to it. If & when I ever loose my phone in the past,actually several times.. so then I was cut off of fb not having anyway to connect with anyone..needless 2 say it disabled & crippled me. I knew only 1 phone # these days u don't have to remember the # it's a name that you can tap on and 🤙 whomever",11 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1976,Hung Le (Adrian),"January 2, 2023","I would've left this app if I had found an alternative that all of my friends could use. Some emojis always go missing and the chat theme goes blank after clearing cache. There's no way to easily fix this on my own. Please fix it, Meta!",0,1,Messenger
1977,Ken Sanchez,"January 24, 2023",Everything on the app is ok . The calling part sucks . Needs to be re designd. In emergency situations a person would probably die first before the call went through to the recipient on the phone.,0,2,Messenger
1978,thampy k v,"January 23, 2023","I am not able to sent messages on many occasions - showing message not sent. All accounts are active, but messages are not sent. I don't know the problem. The problem still persist. More than 25%,of the active accounts showing"" could'nt send'. Is there any restriction for sending messages at a stretch for more than five accounts like restriction in WhatsApp? Poor performance..Remove unnecessary restrictions. Giving only one star.If you are not able to solve the problems, please withdraw appn",179 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1979,Erin Zechman,"January 25, 2023","Bf tries to video call me on way to work, and no window pops up to accept the call. Same thing when I try to call him. Worked fine until a couple days ago. Update: been a couple years since last review. Now I am getting messages 2 days AFTER they are sent.",2 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1980,Nolan,"December 9, 2022","This garbage app will randomly close when I'm typing and then be unable to open for minutes, only insisting that it's ""updating"" when I try to open it. Forcing the app to stop doesn't help either.",5 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1981,Jason !,"December 2, 2022","No idea what happened in recent update, chat bubbles bugged out, cant open them or close them. Opening images or videos is bugged and sometimes dont work, this app is horrendous to use now. Have removed chat bubble / overlay",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1982,cielle,"December 20, 2022","¡HOLA MI AMIGO! had to rate you 1 star again coz you're giving me a serious and annoying trouble rn. there's this bug that's keeping me from sending messages even though my internet connection is stable. it'll say ""couldn't send"". upon searching on it, it only happens when my connection is poor.. BUT I'M TELLING YOU IT'S REAL STABLE! whenever i click on that ""couldn't send"" message, it says ""you cannot reply to this conversation"". TAMA BA YON?!🥲 im begging you to fix this bug rn. lovelots💕",11 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1983,savannah belcher,"December 30, 2022",This new update sucks. My incoming calls on messenger will ring but the pop up doesn't appear. I have to open messenger and go to the top just to see who's calling . It's ridiculous please fix this issue. I've checked everything and it's all in order so I'm not sure what's going on,4 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1984,Clydia Marie Mangalinao,"January 14, 2023","This app is so useful and helpful. Yes, sometimes network errors are there but not a big of a deal. Eventually it gets better and better since you can do more with your privacy and customize your status in the app.",63 people found this review helpful,5,Messenger
1985,Kev Harrison,"September 29, 2022","It's great to see Facebook, or meta, or whoever they are, absolutely always doing their best to make their systems as unfriendly as possible. The latest change, allowing you to switch between personal and business profiles when using messenger in fact makes it impossible to use either, as it now just won't open your messages. Often closes or tries to profile switch in the middle of a conversation, unprompted. Surely the highest discrepancy between investment in programmers and product quality.",69 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1986,RA Lopez,"January 18, 2023","can't backread messages when i search old convos and try to scroll. it always says ""Something went wrong."" or wont even load at all. pls fix this issue, i've been experiencing this for months and it's really frustrating.",0,1,Messenger
1987,Hailey Backes,"November 25, 2022","Ever since they updated it, i've had all kinds of issues. The bug report won't even work! The worst part is I use fb for all my calls because I don't have service where I live. It rings but doesn't pop up on my screen. I have to search for it in my notifications because even if I go to that person's chat, I can click on it. It has to be through notifications, and I have missed calls because of it.",300 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1988,K',"October 8, 2022","A buggy mess. -I sometimes have to lock my screen and reopen so I can Interact with the app. - MY MESSAGES KEEP DISAPPEARING!! vanishing mode or whatever isn't on, and no one is deleting anything... but somehow a 2day block of messages just disappeared. - media sent to me, or that I've sent sometimes never work and I have to restart the app. Not the kind of experience I remember or expect.",113 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1989,Ama chark,"December 22, 2022","Ever since the update came out, I couldn't exit during video calls. It was very irritating whenever I wanted to do something during the call, and I just couldn't. I really hope this will get fixed. This has happened almost every single time I get into a call.",10 people found this review helpful,2,Messenger
1990,Diane Wikinson,"December 10, 2022",Everytime I open the app it says its having trouble with setting up messenger in english (United kingdom)... have to choose the US english... also there are major delays in notifications. It needs debugging immediately!,3 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1991,YUJIN YALUNG,"November 25, 2022","Since the latest update as of now, I can't open any chats even though I am connected to the internet and I don't have any restrictions. I still receive messages and notifications though, but I can't read them. I also can't modify or open the settings of a conversation through long-pressing. Not being able to open chats and conversations basically eliminates the point of being a communication app. Please fix it","5,126 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1992,Nicole S,"November 18, 2022","Ever since FB updated to separate business & personal pages, nothing about this app works correctly. Switching between accounts often winds up with the app freezing entirely, and having to uninstall & reinstall it almost every time. Today alone, I've had to uninstall/reinstall 13 times. Trying to communicate with customers on my biz page is unreliable, and at random times the entire app freezes, and I can't reboot without restarting my device.",240 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1993,Kawaii Mizu,"December 4, 2022","your app doesn't open at all, I uninstalled it cause somehow the ""resent messages"" doesn't work, i can't see resent messages at all even I restarted my phone. I installed it back but now it won't open at all.. fix it.",4 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1994,Mimosa Macatangay,"December 28, 2022","I just updated my software the other day and juat like some who complains here. This app,aftwr updating qhenever there is a message either it van be late or wont notify me. Also it should be in black bold letters if there is a message. But not anymore,seems like you've already seen it ever though I'm not reading it yet. Hope this will bring to your attention",1 person found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1995,Utahs Vape Guy,"October 22, 2022",Facebook is just going downhill in every aspect. I think it's time to find a new messaging app. Be prepared for some serious bugs such is not being able to send messages to people. You know like the big thing this app is for. Backgrounds don't work on flagship phones. There's no real way to control audio dictation. And with every update it gets buggier and buggier.,133 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
1996,Ника Виноград,"October 1, 2022","This used to be a great app, but as with everything zuckerberg touches, it has gone to the pits. Had to reinstall it earlier, as it was playing up (not for the first time, neither, I may add), and so many preferences and features and so on are suddenly gone, with no chance of reseting them. Very disappointing.","1,402 people found this review helpful",1,Messenger
1997,Andrew Anderson,"February 6, 2023","Literally can't look at old messages, even in other devices and even on the desktop version. Like, seriously, fix your app.",0,1,Messenger
1998,Michelle Totty,"October 9, 2022","Works well for messages. However, using the phone & video it will not prevent my phone from sleeping and when it goes to sleep, I can neither hear the other person nor can they hear me, but the call is not disconnected. I have to manually prevent my phone from sleeping every 30 seconds. Ugh. About says it will prevent sleeping. It does not.",103 people found this review helpful,3,Messenger
1999,J Martin,"January 28, 2023",Shared links go to a different random page every time I open the link. I can't see the actual image or video shown. I can only see the exact link someone shares if shared through instagram chat. Please fix this on FB messenger.,9 people found this review helpful,1,Messenger
