,Name,Date,Review,Found Helpful,Stars,App Name
0,Himanshu Suvarna,"February 4, 2023","Filters are fun. Great way to keep in touch with friends. However, the image processing and video recording on the app is one of the worst I've seen in a mobile app. It does some skin touchup which is fine but there's no HDR support, no smoothness in video, everything is too grainy. I know it's a problem with Snapchat because my phone captures way better content through the default camera app.","2,898 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1,Anshul Jaiswal,"February 3, 2023","The black bar at the bottom and upper end of the screen literally makes it look Ugly, who's your UX Designer for god's sake. Pathetic Choice. How can someone with such lame idea land to production? After we click a snap, and write down a text, it overlaps with the filter select module, and guess what, you can't select the text now, cause these filters gets selected and you've not lost that section of text. Have to reclick pictures to fix that.","2,312 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
2,Naved Khan,"February 3, 2023","black bar on the bottom and top of the camera and saved videos/images on Android is the worst thing you could have possibly done. We already nave HALF the features of ios and now you make the camera and save features garbage too. The only good thing about this app was the video/images and save/memory system and you completely throw that away. If you think this is what we want. You're wrong On so many levels. This needs fixed, like yesterday","2,724 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
3,Deepika,"February 4, 2023","Everything is fine with app but there's 1 major issue that explodes my mind every single time. None of my videos are being played in memories. Everytime I open them it's showing ""OopsSomethingWentWrongTryAgain"" & I've tried everything from clearing cache to uninstalling & again reinstalling the app & again logging in. Now all of my memories are gone😔what do I do, there were so much precious moments captured. I'm very disappointed please fix this issue & if there's any way to restore plz tell.",157 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
4,ketul solanki,"February 4, 2023","Due to latest update,The half part of the camera screen is being covered, And the problem is with the location filter, earlier we used to click on the location and adjust it accordingly,But now it is not possible, after clicking on the filter its opening a text box to add text, please fix this issue Snapchat. Android OnePlus Nord 2T user Thanks.",119 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
5,Mandakani,"January 5, 2023","It's a fabulous app! Good in every possible way, but the only thing which I personally don't like is that when we delete something in chat, it shows up in the chat and even when we took any kind of screenshot! Developer should look after it! Although this is a great app for connecting to new people's and even your freinds and relatives! It's a great platform! New updates were extremely good! I recommend to use it! You'll have a great user experience.","38,570 people found this review helpful",5,snap_chat
6,Abigail King,"February 2, 2023","I've been using snapchat since 2014, and I like most of the app! However, I do not like the new feature where there is a text box or a ""view profile"" button at the bottom of the screen while watching stories. This text box overlaps the subtitles, sometimes covers important images, and as far as I can tell, there's no way to get rid of it. This makes snapchat a lot less accessible for people with hearing impairments who rely on subtitles.","26,730 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
7,Michelle Jarvis,"February 4, 2023","Update: the new update with the black bars is just stupid. Why was that added?? And now everytime I add text, it automatically goes to the very bottom of the screen, so I can't edit it or move it because it opens up the filters. It has also begun to crash 70% of the time I try to send a video or photo. Also, if I get a photo from someone who added text near the bottom on the screen, it's 100% blocked by the stupid ""Reply!"" button that has seriously no purpose.","2,622 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
8,Garrett Madewell,"February 11, 2023","There is now a black border on the bottom, almost like the aspect ratio is for a smaller screen and somehow looks worse. I've tried all online remedies but nothing has worked. The text feature on the photo will often get stuck at the bottom and I can't get it back at all, just changing filters until you discard the snap. I am on an S22 Ultra and would greatly appreciate a fix for these issues.",893 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
9,Tyler Jackson,"February 5, 2023","Never had too many problems with the app in the 10 years I've had an account, but this most recent update is absolutely horrible. The camera no longer takes up the whole screen, it's got some stupid looking photo frame shape to it where there's a black bar at the top and bottom of my screen. Not to mention video stories won't post a lot of the time, I can't save my snaps after creating them, and half the time I go to hit the send button it moves like I clicked it but then does nothing. So awful.",538 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
10,Sarah Ellis,"February 12, 2023","Everything is fine except for the black border around my pictures and the settings. It doesn't matter what setting my snaps are on, I can't save them in chat. I've deleted and redownloaded the app, I've looked for more updates, I've messed with the settings, nothing helps. I've had my new account for over a month now and STILL can't fix the settings.",171 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
11,Emily Anderson,"February 3, 2023","Back again for another 1 star rating due to the new update. Did any UX designers take a look at the changes? When I create a bar of text on my photo, it is immediately hidden by the filter bubbles at the bottom of the photo. No matter where I click, I can't drag or edit that bar of text. It's crazy to imagine how such a massive company just created a new issue they didn't have before. Please fix it, thanks",158 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
12,Callum Munro,"February 3, 2023","In it's current state after the most recent update, the app is practically unusable. It crashed if you add a filter to a snap, keeps moving text bars on snaps right to the bottom of the screen meaning they can't he moved due to the filter options being on the way, and to top it all off the camera no longer uses the whole screen but is squashed to the top leaving a massive black bar at the bottom. The app worked perfectly fine before the developers decided to mess with it.",162 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
13,Comrade Iskandr,"February 4, 2023","What is there to be said about this app?Of course, with the new update, there are plenty of functional errors, the stupid black bars, the immovable filters slide, however I am experiencing a unique issue. I can't even access the app. I can't login. I have uninstalled, reinstalled, updated, cleared data & cache, restarted multiple times, & nothing, it just crashes. And of course i can't even access my account via computer because it requires mobile confirmation. I have been locked out. Great app!",130 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
14,Sudheer Parwani,"February 9, 2023","I am facing the new issue with recent update. Since the new update it has shrunk my camera screen so there is a black bar at the bottom, basically making the camera a different aspect ratio. Annoying, and hard to work with. Also, when I make a text box, and I somehow put it where the filters are every time, and then it gets stuck behind the filters (which you should be able to disable because most people don't use them)",871 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
15,Andreana Emily,"February 11, 2023","Since the most recent update, there have been more bugs than ever. I have an Android phone and the app is so glitchy. When I text it lands on the bottom and there is no way to move it. Often times it gets deleted, the filters rotate on their own and sometimes even notifications aren't showing up. Please fix this. many people are having problems",124 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
16,Donna Bernal,"February 5, 2023","I've had this app for years and never had a problem until I just recently updated it 1/29/2023 and now it freezes, I can't take videos,pictures, see friends stories, send friends videos or pictures or post anything. Its horrible. Its also taking up all my battery and runs in the background. I want the old version back ! I'm to the point where I just want to Uninstall it since I literally can not do anything. Its annoying and frustrating and it looks like I'm not the only one !",118 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
17,Kiersten Sullivent (Sully),"February 17, 2023","I used to love the app, but the newest update messed up the camera. It doesn't take pictures when I take them, and it waits a few seconds to actually take the picture. It also randomly pulls up the filters when I don't want to use them, and sometimes the filters don't work since I updated the app. People still get hacked way too easily, too.",110 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
18,Jen McClellan,"February 11, 2023","I've been usually snap for years. I've enjoyed being able to save thousands of photos on an online database instead of only on my phone. I've loved the filters and all the add on since the beginning. However, recently the app has been an absolute MESS. It glitches, it closes, and THE CAMERA ISNT FULL SCREEN ANYMORE. FIX IT. Please and thank you.",103 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
19,S White,"February 18, 2023","I'm not sure what ""bugs"" the last couple of updates have fixed when the same issues persist. It constantly displays that I have 35 new friends despite having none, and nothing I do will clear this notification. Refreshing the chat list always causes the app to freeze. Snaps are popping up anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours after they were delivered with no notification. It will say ""tap to load"" with nothing there. Videos from memories never, ever play through. It always just loads to eternity.",85 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
20,ElementHearts,"February 5, 2023","I don't usually review apps especially social media, but damn this problem is becoming annoying, typing a text line in a photo I've taken and there's a filter slide bar covering it so I can't move the text or edit or anything. The occasional time I've managed to edit it, it disappears when I'm happy with my edit and go out if it, it's like I never typed anything. I hate it.",71 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
21,Beck L,"February 17, 2023","I don't know what happened, but the last few updates caused my app to glitch out with everything. Something as simple as moving a Bitmoji around on the screen will cause it to flicker out with vertical lines of code filling a black screen. Chats come up completely blank, never fully loading up. Stories get errors and can't share... I don't know what's wrong with it anymore, but it somehow only functions well on data connection. It sucks, and I hope it can be fixed eventually.","1,378 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
22,Jimmi Cheeseburger,"February 15, 2023","Good for texting and calling, lots of photo filters, no ads, the only problem is it gives you lots of friend suggestions and you can't seem to get rid of them. The Bitmoji (avatar) is easy to edit when you get onto the edit page. I don't know if it's just me but when I go to edit my Bitmoji, it often doesn't let me, it shows me the edit page for a few seconds then it goes back to the chat. Overall, I recommend it and think it is really useful. 👍","1,267 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
23,Ianis Teja,"February 16, 2023","I've got a strange black border around the picture now. I covers de shutter button and search bar. This came out of nowhere, as the application was full screen before the last couple of updates. In addition, now it takes a few seconds to actually take the picture. Moreover, after the picture is taken, the location cannot be changed, as the location of the text is lower than where the text is being displayed.",743 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
24,Rebekah Baxa,"February 16, 2023",My app updated last night and now there's this stupid black bar on top of my screen. It's like the camera is trying to fit into a small phone and it's very annoying but it doesn't seem to be happening on apple phones just andriod. The quality has gone down. And the textbook keeps getting stuck behind the filters and there's no way to move it anywhere else. It's all just very annoying.,168 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
25,Peyton Cook,"February 15, 2023","Guys. The new update with fixed aspect ratio on the camera? Just no. On a z fold 3 here. If you accidentally tap on the black area at the bottom to type you don't see your text at all and when you actually tap on the picture again to type out your message where you can see it it pulls the original invisible text up effectively doubling it upon sending. Glitchy, lacking proper features to work as intended, and overall just looks bad. If you are going to keep that give us an option to disable it.",100 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
26,Will Arcuri,"February 7, 2023","New update ruined the app. Now there's a black bar at the bottom of the screen, also the quality looks fine till you take the photo. Then it lags for a second and makes it look cartoonish it's terrible. I have a Samsung s21 btw. Also a fix for this, go download a old version of snapchat off Google. I downloaded from November 30th and it works perfect",65 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
27,Luna Moon,"February 1, 2023","The black bar on the bottom and top of the camera and saved videos/images on Android is the worst thing you could have possibly done. We already have HALF the features of ios and now you make the camera and save features garbage too. The only good thing about this app was the video/images and save/memory system and you completely throw that away. If you think this is what we want. You're wrong. On so many levels. This needs fixed, like yesterday.","5,080 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
28,Paul Grubnedeis,"February 2, 2023","Idk when this update happened, but whenever I type just a single line of text, when I hit enter the bar is sent to the bottom of the screen, which is fine until I realize that the filter scroll wheel completely covers the bar, meaning I can no longer move, change, delete, or interact the text bar in any way. It's frustrating that a feeling for a constant need for updates cause you to essentially make your app function worse than before","2,705 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
29,Samantha Grote,"February 3, 2023","It was completely fine before the update which was for bug fixes? Now I have more issues then before. I'll type a chat on a picture and it goes allllll the wally to the bottom, and when i try and move it , it keeps bringing up filters . Posted a story, click on it to see the views and it instantly dissappear. Can't even check . Fix this asap or your gonna lose alot of people on this app",55 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
30,Brittany Can,"February 8, 2023","I absolutely hate the newest update/version. I don't like where they placed the filters at the bottom of the screen when watching your snap (what you just filmed) back. It makes it so easy to accidentally swipe on the filters and I hate the giant text box on the bottom when you recieve a snap from someone, it takes up almost half of the screen. Please Snapchat fix this.",60 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
31,Abigail Daniel,"February 9, 2023","I've had (and loved) snapchat since 2016. Its the main form of social media communication I use. However, these new updates SUCK. The ""shortcuts"" at the top of my screen are a nuisance, the fact that the camera looks disgusting short and the capture area now only takes up like half my screen makes recording and capturing 10x harder, and the whole thing is an over-stimulated mess.",48 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
32,Rubab Afzal,"February 11, 2023","The app was good till the last update. The black bar on both up and downside of the screen has spoiled the video quality. The video gets short in width and gets expanded in length due to screen ratio. I have not been able to record a video since last week. If it doesn't get fixed, I'll have to uninstall the app.",817 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
33,TJ12,"February 1, 2023","The app is good, fast and snappy. At least they fixed the bug that was going on in the text bar. There's one thing missing and that's dark mode. I could just go into developer options and override force dark before, but they don't want us android users to have dark mode at all. Another bug now though, a big black bar at the bottom of the camera, along with worse camera quality, as even people have noticed. They fix some bugs, then create 4 - 5 new ones 😂","2,206 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
34,Jamie Floyd,"February 15, 2023",Needs more filters shared across different devices. Samsung Galaxy doesn't seem to get the same filters as an iPhone. It should be made easier to get to all the rest of the filters while on a call. I'm trying out the Snapchat+ but I don't intend on keeping it because that $3.99 can be spent on much more important things. Where is the Beta testers version? 🤔 Something like that would be nice. I do like SnapChat quite a bit. Web version should also have more filters as well.,49 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
35,kait,"February 3, 2023","Up until now I didn't have any problems with snapchat, but now my camera screen size has changed and it's the most annoying thing ever. the black bars at the bottom and top of the screens are a real inconvenience. I also dislike where the filters have been moved on the screen because it interferes with the text you put on the screen.",860 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
36,Taylor Cox,"February 10, 2023",The most recent snapchat updates for Android users has left us without full use of our screens. There are now black bars at the top and bottom of the screen that cut off pictures. It interferes with images sent from others cutting off the bottom portion. And with this update text placement is more difficult because it puts it lower than selected and it gets stuck in the filter wheel. Fix this,50 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
37,Lindsey Olver,"February 7, 2023","Since the update, my account keeps logging me out pretty much everytime I close the app which is super annoying. It was working just fine before the update. I wonder if it's doing this to anyone else and when it will be fixed. Not getting notifications as a result of this issue. So much for ""bug fixes"". I have more bugs now than I did before... ugh.",55 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
38,Tom Thorpe,"February 7, 2023","Camera lag on my S22+ along with general performance issues has been an ever increasing issue these past few months. When I go to take a photo or video after opening the app I need to wait an insane amount of time (up to 45 seconds) for my app to stop glitching and by that point whatever I wanted to capture has disappeared. I also get a bug every once in a while where my photos are super flat, like it can't access the colour science and is just showing the raw image without colour grading.",88 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
39,Milo Hendrix,"February 15, 2023","Love it cause I use it to talk to friends from school and a bunch of foreign friends. But ever since the appearance changed(little bubble box at the bottom of the snap and chat screen, shortcuts when swiping down, and the box at the bottom of stories) make it extremely hard to use and confuse me. I like the original layout better.",44 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
40,Damien Thomann,"February 19, 2023","absolutely overrun by spambots lately, I sometimes get 5-10 fake accounts a day adding me. The latest update with the grey bar at the bottom is very annoying because it covers such a large part of the screen and sometimes text or subtitles. The filter wheel often interferes with trying to move or edit text, there should be a way to move or disable the filter wheel. Text also often just disappears after writing",44 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
41,Dania Eman,"February 14, 2023","There are many glitches specifically in androids,camera screen has an odd black bar above and below the screen, affecting the quality of snaps, and first the snap takes seconds to capture and after that screen literally freezes while swapping filters. Androids already don't have many good features compared to IOS not even mentioning the dark mode, and now these many bugs just made it annoying at its peak, its a sincere request, please get rid of these major bugs, especially the black bars.","1,099 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
42,Kyleigh Beierschmitt,"February 8, 2023","App has been fine...until yesterday. I opened the app yesterday morning and it was fine. I opened it again and it started crashing for no reason. I restarted my computer, deleted the app, cleared the cache, reinstalled it, factory resetted my computer, and logged in on another device (which worked btw.) I just dont understand why it magically will not even load without crashing after 3 seconds. Make it make sense.",44 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
43,이새진,"February 13, 2023","The picture quality isn't that good honesty,and I can't even have access to my favorite filters. On top of it, a lot of weird unrequired filters keep popping everyday. Also the fact that the app deleted the best part of it which was the mini games is really a bad idea, personally, I only use Snapchat just to have access to this really cool feature and enjoy playing with my friends. But sadly since they decided to remove it, the app became even more boring that ever.",39 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
44,Nobody Whant,"February 6, 2023","Recently my screen has been blacked out a bit from the top and bottom. Along with my text, keeps starting at the bottom of my screen and when I try to bring it back up it thinks that I'm just trying to change filters. Also having a hard time sending my snaps it just stops at my friend's contacts and won't send.",31 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
45,Parker Brown,"February 15, 2023","Let me opt out of the ""Random"" snap memories I do not want them. The filter scrollbar thing at the bottom of the screen completely blocks you from being able to edit or move text. The camera software is just bizarre. I will take a picture after working out and when I click capture I will watch the image be completely smoothed out and I lose all definition and become much paler and less defined. This doesn't happen on the regular camera so I know it's just poor work on snapchat's end. App sucks.","10,661 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
46,ann b,"February 9, 2023","I've had a problem with pics I'm posting either live snaps or from camera roll. Whenever I add a text, sticker or music there is a large black border around the snap. My pics ony fill the screen about 75%. I have an android. I've tried everything to fix it that I know of. I contacted Snapchat Support several times over the last week. I am not getting any response from them. So frustrating. Ready to delete this app.",25 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
47,Cole Grey,"February 10, 2023","Usually I love Snapchat. It's my main way of contacting friends and other people- however, today, out of nowhere, the app suddenly refuses to do anything. I can't take pictures, change camera view, open the stories menu, or open the chats menu. The front camera works, but pictures won't take. I've reset my phone, made sure snap was updated, force stopped the app and reopened, and nothing fixes it. Please fix this, your app isn't even doing it's main feature.",28 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
48,garrett taylor,"February 13, 2023","The app has been fine for years but for some reason they decided to make the camera function have black borders on top and bottom. It no longer fits my phones screen, it went down to 16:9 instead of the 18:9 it was. It frustrates me. They've now updated the app again, they have to be aware of this problem due to so many reviews mentioning it. But they have not fixed it in the new update. I will give 1 more update and then I'll be Uninstalling.",25 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
49,K,"February 2, 2023","Everything was fine until today, suddenly I have an annoying black bar at the bottom of my screen and it looks like the camera quality has dropped slightly. It shouldn't be so hard to optimize how the camera functions for phones. The black bar has now changed where the button is to take photos, it's just very annoying and makes me not want to use this. Don't try to fix what wasn't broken. I have a Galaxy a03s.",524 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
50,Kasey Vetters (Rentaro),"February 7, 2023","Lately, quality for at least the pixel 4a has been extremely bad. At first it was just grainy pictures, then it was being unable to utilize the wide FoV camera on your phone, and now it's locked aspect ratio that takes away 20% of the bottom of your screen. At this point, it's better to manually take pictures outside of Snapchat to then post through the in app camera roll browser. Never had any other qualms with snap before this, and I have had it for a solid 6 years now.",23 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
51,Sam,"February 8, 2023","Y'all have ads, ok but seriously an ad every minute and sometimes not even a full minute in between ads?! It's highly annoying, way too much. I like the videos on Snap but I don't want to watch them when I get interrupted by an ad every 40 seconds. Yes, they're only 5 second ads but it's annoying when it's that often!",34 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
52,Melody Tan,"February 20, 2023","It always glitches and lags everytime I try to use the filters. Sometimes it crashes completely and doesn't allow me to send messages to friends, it says i don't have any friends all it says is add friends. It doesn't allow me to look at spotlight or stories etc. This always happens once in a while. Whenever this happens i have to uninstall the app then install it again. When I uninstall the app there's always problems and it takes forever to uninstall. I have to restart my phone then uninstall.",259 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
53,Shane Willis,"February 3, 2023","Good for sending pics and chatting. The memories used to be really cool, but now they give you ""random"" memories literally every day which sucks. It notifies you of having a memory to check just to see its something random, and doesn't seem like you can turn it off. It's neat to see what you did a certain number of years ago that day, but really defeats the purpose to have one literally every day from random times of the year.",494 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
54,Allister Jaquith,"February 3, 2023","Ehhh, it's been getting worse over time. More ads and a lot of bugs. Most bugs are fixed but it's still annoying. For some reason my whenever i go to take a picture their is a black border at the bottom as if i had a smaller phone. And i just find it annoying that it's there. And Snapchat+ shouldn't be a thing. I know that you need money and stuff but come on, everyone like those features, but i can live with out them.",544 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
55,David Sentelle,"February 2, 2023",I love being able to browse the snap map. That's where it ends. It is more intrusive than Facebook and has gone into my contact lists and suggested contacts I never gave permission for it to see. What's worse is that it gives you a minimum of ten notifications a day of various people they've found to add as friends.,466 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
56,KRS,"February 8, 2023","Edit: BEEN WEEKS AND THAT BLACK BAR IS STILL CROPPING MY PHOTOS!!!! I don't know what happened but now my camera does not feel in the full screen. There is a black bar at the bottom that automatically crops all my pictures even when I save them to memories. It's atrocious and despite complaining about it directly to your support team, who I have been in contact with via email, nothing has been done. Other people have the same problem too and it's most definitely a bug. I hope this is fixed soon.","2,506 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
57,Piper 1212,"January 30, 2023","The video/photo system is completely broken right now. When I make a video and accidentally slide my finger left or right, it activates a filter. However, once the filter activates, it doesn't let me slide anywhere else. I can't go back, nor can i switch to a different filter via swiping. Not only that, but it completely freezes the UI for the video. I can't save it, nor can I post it on any stories or send it to friends. This ruins your main feature, which is video sending. Fix this, please","24,896 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
58,Caleb Delarosa,"February 9, 2023","Every so often, I'll get signed out of my account. When this happens, I get a ""privacy policy"" update screen and after I tap okay, my bitmoji turns red and I can't tap anything on the screen. This bug/glitch is very annoying and is making me use Snapchat less and less. On top of that, there's a new bug where it keeps asking me to verify my device when I log in to my account. It happens every time and it's the most annoying thing ever. Please fix this if it is a bug.",27 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
59,Emily Sampson,"February 4, 2023","New update is so annoying. The text now sits itself right behind where the filters have now been put, which is annoying as it it as the way of getting filters was perfectly fine before, I don't see the reason for filters to now be permanently at the bottom. But anyway the text puts itself right behind them so when you try and move it you just keep accidently pressing on filters which is really frustrating. Also the camera is now shortened for some weird reason . Fix please",25 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
60,Muhammad Daniyal,"February 12, 2023","App is good but when it comes to notifications, it sucks. Unlike every other app, it doesn't group up the notifications. Instead, every notification is shown separately which covers most of the notification panal, resulting in missing the important notifications. Kindly make it to collapse all the notification into one, like it used to happen.",67 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
61,Angelia Duguay,"December 30, 2022","I enjoy snap chat as my #1 social media, I do not even mind the ""commercials"" to continue to use it free of charge. Back in the day we didn't have those things, but it is ok. We all need to make a living. What bothers me as of late (12/2022) is when I type something with perfect editing, if you change the font, it lower cases everything. And then when I want a text down low, near the trash, it tries to bring filters up and I can't grab the text to toss because the auto correct is BUNK.","16,314 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
62,Tyler,"January 25, 2023","Was doing good, still no camera optimization for atleast flagship phones in the modern day. Now to the new issue. Since the new update it has shrunk my camera screen so there is a black bar at the bottom, basically making the camera a different aspect ratio. Annoying, and hard to work with. Also, when I make a text box, and I somehow put it where the filters are every time, and then it gets stuck behind the filters (which you should be able to disable because most people don't use them)","11,750 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
63,MG Vancleve,"February 16, 2023","I enjoy using snapchat it's great. I do have a couple complaints. I just updated the app and my camera doesn't fill up the whole screen like it used to, there is a big black border around the screen and it's annoying. Another thing is that I can't find snapchat minis anymore. The little rocketship that you see in a chat conversation is gone. I don't if they got rid of it or not. Anyway I hope some answers are given.",17 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
64,Preston Silver,"January 27, 2023","This is my second account. The first one was deleted randomly. All my photos, memories gone and couldn't get back out of nowhere. No warning, no help, nothing to be done account just gone. Now there's options on every video I watch that I can't hide or remove in settings. It obscures the bottom portion of videos and prevents me from reading subtitles or text. I'm beyond done with this app. It just keeps keeping worse with every update. Like why?","3,217 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
65,SpreadLove NotHate,"January 2, 2023","It's useful in most circumstances but it's not designed to fit the S22 ultra You can't edit video lengths bc the buttons on the side of the screen won't let you change the length or delete the last segments. No matter what you do. Those buttons will make it impossible to touch at all.. and the panel of buttons extend longer that the actual screen will allow you to see what's at the bottom. In order to change the duration of the snap (loop, single show, etc) you have to tap the tip of btm rt edge","7,890 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
66,Samuel Jenkins,"February 5, 2023","Somethings up with the camera. When the app opens, there's a large black bar under the picture by the home and menus buttons, like the camera is trying to take a picture to fit the screen, but the screen continues half an inch off the top of your phone instead of fitting on your screen, if that makes any sense",16 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
67,TJrock1414,"February 4, 2023",They have broken the app in the recent update. There are black bars/sections at the bottom and top of my photo screen. You also cannot edit or move text that falls behind the filter selection. It feels like they degrade the android version of this app on purpose. I'll update this review when they fix the black bars issue.,16 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
68,Redd Blacke,"February 2, 2023",Suddenly the top and bottom of my snaps are cut off. It's no longer full screen. And don't tell me to clear the cursed cache because I've done that. I updated to see if it would help and it HAS NOT. This is bs that I can't take full screen snaps now. ATROCIOUS! You can look forward to me choosing not to use this app. Fix your garbage.,324 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
69,Udeh Joseph,"February 3, 2023","Sooo... I don't have much problem with the app... It's just that, snap that is sent to someone....we should be able to see it after sending it... Secondly, the filters are meant to be improving and more beautiful, I can't update the app and be seeing past filters that doesn't make any sense..... It's should be improving and more encouraging/ enticing to be used. Thanks.",341 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
70,Gustav Brandin,"February 4, 2023","The camera ratio does not fit my phone screen, there is a weird black bar at the bottom of the screen. Looks super off. I checked my friends phone and he had the same problem, except the black bar was at the top instead. It seems it's just on Android. My other friend has an Iphone and he had no black bar anywhere. I've never had any problems with this before, until now. Would be appreciated if you fixed this. The pictures I take look very ugly.",18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
71,Sarah,"December 23, 2022","this app is great, of course... it's snapchat. it's just not so good on a chromebook laptop. it's laggy, the pictures become freakishly wide, it's really annoying and for some reason it won't allow updates or new versions of the app. I'd like the app to be more user-friendly for people with laptops and ipads etc, not just phones. i can't access any videos because it says i need to update, but am unable to as snapchat doesnt allow it.",622 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
72,Talisaz,"December 8, 2022",It has this new obnoxious function where it notifies you when you have not viewed someone's story or if a friend posts something on their story. And you can't turn it off in your notification settings. And it also reminds you when you have memories to view. So many unneeded notifications that makes it a bother to have the app in the first place.,"3,077 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
73,Rayne,"February 11, 2023",Snapchat literally has filters that change the shape and structure of one's face so that anyone can look like a supermodel. It's successfully sewn the seeds of self doubt in nearly every generation so that nobody feels comfortable in their own skin. Filters that adjust lighting and temperature are one thing...this is something else all-together.,13 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
74,Breezy,"January 28, 2023","Not a huge deal but quite annoying - every time I add text to my screen, I finish typing, then tap elsewhere on the screen to remove my keyboard, and my text is auto placed right under the filters button at the bottom of the screen, so I can't move it. If I try to drag the text, it activates the filters and they all pop up over the text and I can't move it","3,386 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
75,Emilee Bacastow,"February 14, 2023","The app is good, but for androids you can't switch it to dark theme. It would be more convienent for android users especially in the car or at night. Even with the brightness all the way down it's still really bright. This would be really apreciated if you could change that to where we had the option of the dark theme.",96 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
76,Katie Hilyer,"February 4, 2023","App is great like always. However, the past few days whenever I try to move a text box it pulls up the filters which blocks the text so I can no longer move the text. Very frustrating. There is also now a black line above the pictures.",16 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
77,Tyler Paulson,"February 7, 2023","This most recent update completely ruined my experience. I have an Android and this update changed how much of the screen the camera takes up. It used to be near full screen, but now there are black bars taking up a ton of the screen. It looks absolutely horrible and needs to be reverted to how it looked before.",15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
78,that oof,"January 21, 2023","I installed the update thinking that all the issues I'm having will be fixed... but they're not. The camara quality is a joke. For some reason, the picture becomes extremely fuzzy and pale. Not only this, but every time I hit the shutter button it takes a full 3 seconds before actually taking the picture. It's getting very annoying. Many people I talked to also have this problem. They all just uninstalled the app. I hope I won't be pushed to deleting the app. This is very disappointing.","2,305 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
79,Horimoto GP,"February 16, 2023","Its absurd Messenger has so much volume and yet can send a minute long video in 15 seconds tops. And then there's snapchat. No matter where I am or what internet, it takes 5-20 minutes to send a minute long video compartmentalized into 6 clips. Thats literally your thing and you're worse at it than an app that can do that and 20x more. Not only that, but I have to wait for other peoples snaps to load. And that can take long and require a couple resets. And the ads in the discover section........",525 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
80,Solo,"February 5, 2023","I Cant Do Anything with my snap! Like, it has crashed! Can't View Snaps, Cant even see my settings. I can only take a picture but can't use it {no edit, no send, just exit it off} my info {home} screen jus has the colored background & shadow spots were something suppose to be! Keep popping up notifications either saving memories, syncing r sending but IT HAS NO ACTIVITY! What's going on, it updated Jan 26. I hdnt used ut since last Saturday when this happened!",11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
81,Wild Fam,"February 12, 2023","It is a great app to use to make more friends. It's like tiktok, messages, and youtube all in the same app. It can teach you many new things. If your out of space on your gallery you can use snapchat to take pictures and videos. The filters are amazing and fun to try out. I really like this app. It is overall and amazing app to get. There are no ads unless you watch the videos. I love this app, I don't think I can live without it.",143 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
82,Smooth Valentine,"December 30, 2022","Sometimes it can be Aggravating.. uploading some of your fav memories can be a hassle. Either out of order or a long process. The music section is limited. customizing a clip can be a waste because it doesn't upload. overall it's pretty st8 forward. For a creator, I feel it handicaps. But nothing is perfect. I am going to keep rocking with them. Because the ppl who are Developers have a hard job. 😊😊","4,006 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
83,Shaza Thomas,"January 31, 2023","I see others are having this issue, when text is written and you've closed the keyboard the text goes to the bottom by the filters and you can move it. Also when viewing stories from others if text is at the bottom it's covered by the bitmoji and chat bar. It's getting really frustrating. I'm also having the problem with there being a gap at the top from photo I've taken and it's rather hideous the layout",615 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
84,Zack Shamy,"February 2, 2023","First off the map function is entirely overrated. Being able to see where my friends are snapping and being able to catch a glimpse of events/concerts I had to miss in invaluable. And seeing the community snap map all over the world is humbling and has feeling of connectedness to the present moment. Promote this more! That being said...instead I'm bombarded by cringey video content from creators info not care about. I am flooded with ""unwatched snaps"" despite removing those notifications.",167 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
85,Josh Cusack,"January 2, 2023","Good enough for sending still snaps (pictures) but when it comes to videos, as soon as I add a filter or sticker the app crashes. 50% of the time when I reopen the app the footage has been deleted and either the moment lost forever or I have to re-record which is both frustrating and tedious. The phone I am using isn't very old in terms of phones, it's only now 3-4 years old. Please optimize, create a lite version of the app, or let us decide to exclude features to make the app less demanding.","3,417 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
86,Oliver Storz,"February 16, 2023","I realy liked the app until I got more bugs then content. The aspect racio is broken, I can't look up birthdays and the filters for opened and sent snaps is gone. My snapscore also only updates when I close the app and reopen. A dark mode would also be something I would like to see. (Sorry for spelling) Edit: Every update makes the UI more ugly.",20 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
87,flamesse,"February 18, 2023","Camera size has changed ever since I got a new phone. It's super annoying having this black border and not having pictures in their full size. They have now finished completely ruining this infinitely bugged app as the one and only use of it has stopped functioning, so it's safe to say I won't even be opening it until this issue is finally fixed. Highly disappointed.",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
88,Pinecone Nugget,"February 6, 2023",I don't like the new placement of the bitmoji button. The app is fine and mostly does what I ask considering my ancient phone but I hate that the bitmoji button was swapped with the attach photo button. I've developed a muscle memory to tap that spot to attach my memes but now I push the button for a feature that I could not care less for at all. I do not use this feature and do not plan to even by accident. Very annoying update.,10 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
89,Davis Stumbo,"February 5, 2023",WHATS THIS UPDATE!? Who's the genius out there in the Valley that thought this new layout within the app would work? Anytime you want to write a text over a picture and click away that text defaults to sliding ALL THE WAY TO THE BOTTOM OF THE PHYSICAL AREA ON YOUR SCREEN. Once it does that it likes to just decide you can't edit or even click on that text bubble forcing you to close the app to hopefully redo some quick message that should've already been sent. Californians man...,8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
90,Miguel Rodrigues,"January 28, 2023","Everything was fine until they made that goofy update. As if the camera quality wasn't bad enough but somehow they made it worse. The field of view is shortened because for some reason somebody thought it would be a good idea to put a huge black gap at the bottom when you're taking a picture. I thought it was just me or my phone but it's happening to other people as well. Typical snapchat, they fix one problem and make 3 others after🤦🏽","1,057 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
91,Andrei Sinitsa,"January 21, 2023","Everything was alright until the last update. I have a galaxy s 22+, and all the camera settings are out of wack now. There are black gaps on the top and bottom of the screen when i go to take a picture, which werent there before, and when i save it and go back to look at it in memories there is an even bigger black gap at the very bottom of all my saved videos and pictures. its highly frustrating. when I click on where I want my text to be on a snap, it ends up 2 inches lower then where i tap","1,596 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
92,Brigetta Tang,"February 4, 2023","Text is covered by filters, sometimes the text will disappear somewhere and won't let me send snap and I have to restart the app and rewrite my snap which is just straight up annoying. Can't believe this app has been developed for like 10 years and still can't get it right. Where is dark mode? Every app under the sun has dark mode.",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
93,Page Peterson,"February 2, 2023","My app keeps crashing, when I type the text goes under the filters or deletes altogether, my snap freezes and I have to force quite the app, when I make a video and it crashes I would force quite but my video is playing in the background when the app isn't even open. It is just not working altogether and I'm very disappointed.",148 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
94,Shelby B,"January 26, 2023","The amount of notifications about filters and adding contacts is unreal. It went from one every few days to up to ten notifications a day recently. I've played with notification settings to try to turn this off and it always reverts and ends up sending a ton of annoying notifications again after a few days. Will be uninstalling, this app is driving me insane.","1,147 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
95,Triston Palmer,"February 17, 2023","This app has been mostly fine until this latest update at least for a phone with an odd aspect ratio, text on photos just drops under the black bar at the bottom of the screen, and any photo I take and save is in the wrong aspect ratio for my phone, not to mention it just looks odd, please change it back",11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
96,Charlotte Brown,"February 17, 2023","The filters are good and whatever but something that really annoys me is that you have NO PRIVACY WHATSOEVER. if I wanted to screenshot something It tells the person that you have screenshotted it. Fix this immediately as it can be awkward, embarrassing and just generally annoying. It can also lag quite a bit which is also really annoying.Plus it tells someone when you've searched them up 😡 FIX THISS!! it would be so good if it didn't completely invade your privacy.",6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
97,Scott Sears,"February 7, 2023","I only use it to message friends and keep in touch with certain people. Devs need to add different categories of notifications, i want to know when someone messages me, but im getting sick of being notified whenever ANYONE posts a story AND i get notifications when i dont view their story. Id like to be able to turn that off. Same thing with 'friend requests' or whatever this app called them. I only want to know when a friend messages me, please fix.",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
98,Lillian G,"February 3, 2023",As of right now it's a one-star. The other day it jus6 randomly had black gaps at the bottom of the camera and it is like that when you save them too. It is quite annoying. I have tried many things to fix it but I just won't. I do really like that app but not with the camera not being full screen. It needs to be fixed.,9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
99,Sam W.,"February 4, 2023","There are so many bugs. Things don't send, captions randomly delete and you have to retype. Also since one of these last few updates, it gives this ""updating messages"" notification, every single time you open any snap or message in the app. It is EXTREMELY ANNOYING, because my smartwatch constsntly buzzes as it picks up the notification. PLEASE, Fix this, stop changing things in the app, and do better testing and fix some of these goofy bugs. I really used to love snapchat and its become a mess",107 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
100,Benjamin Leichliter,"December 23, 2022","The app will go to a black screen after a couple minutes of use, and it seems to be during the more often now. The stupid bitmojis that pops up when rewatching someone's story is annoying, it blocks some of the screen, especially if someone puts text at the bottom of the screen. At least put a way to turn that off.",949 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
101,bag yo,"February 1, 2023","It's an okay app, but it can be annoying at times, just like the new update. I don't see a reason why snaps are limited to an aspect ratio now, and the black bar is really annoying me to the point where I don't even want to send snaps anymore. You can't even get rid of it, you have to use a third party app to download an older version of Snapchat just to get rid of some black bars when snapping...",160 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
102,YourLocalMedic,"January 16, 2023","Android users treated as second class citizens. Still does not have Dark mode available even though it's been accessible for months on iOS, maybe even a year. There's also no way to disable basic things like typing notifications that are totally unnecessary given you get a second notification when you actually get the message. The ""Discover"" Stories also suck, interrupted with an ad around every 30 seconds. Also the compatability with the web app sucks. (Phone notifications while in chat on PC.)","8,638 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
103,Mike Kriz,"January 29, 2023",Contains dark pattern where it replaces the most recent chat you received with an ad for some premium Snapchat thing right before you click on it. If this wasn't my only way of staying in touch with some friends I would have already removed this app from my phone. I will not be using it for any other purpose in the future. Update: The menu for disabling notifications is hidden. Settings (or a menu containing them) should always be available within one tap from the main screen of the app.,243 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
104,Desmond Joyner,"December 26, 2022",I love the app! But since this new updates whenever I go watch the reels the little grey bar stays there at the bottom of the screen now blocking out most of the readable text it's making me not want to watch reels anymore especially if they have subtitles. Can we get a fix on that. Other than that the app is very responsive does everything it's suppose to do for me,"1,758 people found this review helpful",5,snap_chat
105,Tom,"January 27, 2023","Always with ""bug fixes and improvements"" more like more advertising and less user friendly interfaces. A while back they added reaction stickers that popup on the bottom of snaps you view that blocks part of the picture and often text. Now on on outgoing snaps they put the text send down where they will be covered by the reactions, and I can't move them up because they made it so the whole bottom edge of the screen brings up filters. Plus constant ads in between messages and stories.",470 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
106,Amy Cwiok,"February 1, 2023","Snapchat was working fine up until sometime in late January. While I'm recording a snap, it will automatically stop on its own and the video ends up glitching a lot. If I take a photo and start typing a message, the photo will glitch a black screen and it will mess up the message I'm typing. All my other apps are working fine, so I have a hard time believing it's my phone. I've restarted it multiple times, unintalled and reinstalled snapchat... nothing works.",148 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
107,B Ripp,"February 1, 2023","I have auto update disabled and yet my app keeps changing the ""new features"" they keep adding messed up the entire picture screen first they added My gallery on the bottom of the screen making it so I had to swipe in the middle of the screen left or right instead of at the bottom. Now they changed the aspect ratio and now I have these 2 blacked out sections at the top and bottom making the screen even smaller",102 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
108,Summer-Cierra Smith,"December 25, 2022",I like the filters and the way calls and texts are set up. And I love the privacy features. Such as telling you when someone takes a screen shot. There have been unnecessary updates tho. They cause the app to glitch. Like after u add text to a video all the buttons still work but they are invisible. When you go to add a snap to ur story it takes you to ur memories and gallery. I hate that. I wish they kept the app how it was or at least fix the glitches.,"1,437 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
109,Cairis Barron,"January 30, 2023","My app was working fine until a few days ago. Now when I try to open the app I get a quick flash of the yellow loading page and then the app crashes. I've tried every fix you can find: restarting my phone, clearing cache and storage, deleting apps to make room for more storage, reinstalling the app, making sure the app and my phone have the most updated version...etc. I emailed the app developers with no response. I've probably lost all of my streaks since I havent been able to get in for days.",389 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
110,DUSTIN VERNON,"January 31, 2023",I hate this app. It's slow and unoptimized seemingly on purpose. It frequently bugs out and either notifications no longer make sounds or notification no longer appear at all. So for the latter even if I'm on my phone on another app I won't know if someone messaged me. Every other app on my phone has the same notification sound excluding this app. The notification for this I just find annoying its so loud in comparison to regular notifications and to change it is locked behind paid subscription.,135 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
111,Dylan,"February 3, 2023","It's almost impossible to see anything in light mode, so I had to tap on every setting trying to find the dark mode option, only to find out THERE ISN'T ONE FOR ANDROID. Like, if you're not going to make dark mode, at least darken the text so it's visible.",10 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
112,Ehjae Chan,"December 9, 2022","Some serious glitches, needs an update. Often when I open a chat, I see an empty screen. I have to reopen it several times or even send a message to actually see or previous ones. And whenever I open a chat, my previous message is still in the typing box (even though it has already been sent) so I have to delete it before sending a new message.",497 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
113,Ani J,"January 19, 2023","I hate the newest update!! You dont have the option to save your own videos from memory to your camera roll anymore, only pictures. With the videos you can only share them through an app (messages, insta, etc) and it adds a watermark of your nametag which some people might like but i'd prefer if my videos didn't have it.🙄🙄 They should give an option if you would like to put that on there instead.",416 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
114,ToastedHerbs,"February 18, 2023",I don't need 3 different notifications every hour telling me I have memories to look back on. One a day is MORE than enough and most the time it's just the same pictures you just took or have already seen the last time you clicked the stupid notification on accident. Oh and I've compared my phone camera to snapchats and the quality is so poor and makes my pictures very blurry,8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
115,Hannah Hasart,"February 8, 2023","I often add a lot of text to my snaps, but the text keeps ending up behind the filter carousel. I just updated in hopes of it being fixed, but it did absolutely nothing. Stop trying to add functionality no one is asking for and breaking the basic functions.",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
116,Gἱzϻσ LPS όwό,"February 3, 2023","It's good for calling your friends,but when I try to watch a story that I've subscribed to a ad will show up and when I skip the ad it goes back a few seconds of the story and it glitches to were it keeps showing the ad and just keeps going back in the show and it gets annoying having to watch it over and over again.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
117,Dean Kirby,"February 3, 2023","All fine and dandy until the update where they seem to place the text bar right at the bottom of the snap no matter where you tap on the screen, right behind the filter slider so you can't actually move the text up up the screen because when you try it just opens up the filter slider and the text stays put.",6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
118,Nathan Ramsingh,"January 29, 2023","The stickers delete for absolutely no reason and they changed so that you have to scroll down and find it by when you made it, rather than when it was last used. Half the the time snaps end up sending to extra people It's so sad seeing that each update makes the app worse. Text will randomly delete after typing it out. Also the keyboard won't pop up half the time. Update: my snaps don't send anymore.",671 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
119,Erin Tiburske,"December 21, 2022","new update is awful. 3d bitmojis are now the default and they're ugly (no way to go back to 2d ones). multisnap and timer are still there but you have to go through a menu to access them in the camera. screen is wayyyyy too cluttered (snap/camera button always next to friends, not just for friends you need to reply to). once you take a picture, more filter options show up on the screen which makes the picture hard to view and its nearly impossible to add/move text around it. bad update. go back",927 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
120,E vdawg,"February 13, 2023",Snap is fine other then one fact. While viewing stories if you watch it twice from missing something the Bitmoji reply or text reply box takes up 1/4th of the screen and often miss the caption. I've searched multiple times quite in depth to remove it and it's not possible. Whoever's idea that was should be mopping floors.,6 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
121,Egg,"February 4, 2023","Ui constantly deteriorates, 2 ads after stories, stories tab autoplays to the cringe public ones, a red dot in the ""explore"" (i guess) tab implying something important is there while the opposite is true. Borders in snaps when they used to be neat and full screen, can't move the location filter position anymore. Quick add thing won't stay hidden even tho i hide it every time i see it, new bitmoji is hideous and whatever else. Tldr; usability goes backwards update to update, and it's annoying.",14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
122,Devon Shedd,"January 14, 2023","Up until lately, Snapchat worked exactly how it was supposed to. But for seemingly no reason lately, every time after I restart my phone, the messages I send for a few minutes after will just dissapear. Then, it will randomly start working again, sometimes sending the messages I was trying to send before all at once making me have to delete them since it's usually me sending the same message over and over waiting for the app to start working again. I've done a hard reset, reinstalled, cleared th","3,393 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
123,Lance Ying,"December 9, 2022","Disgusting app. The app is hard to use, and filled with disgusting and visually disturbing snaps filled in the stories section. The interface is hard to use and message couldn't be saved unless I manually save them. The snaps feature is so bad that it's genuinely worst than the default camera. More ridiculously, there is even a feature to detect screenshot and post it to the group. Every feature I encountered is hard to use and gives me a feeling of tiktok wannabe. The truth is, it sucks so bad.",388 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
124,Mitch Rhook,"December 15, 2022","This app has so many ongoing issues that have never been fixed. Everytime I type a message over a snap it disappears as soon as you click done. You have to rewrite it again. I've had multiple people send me videos talking and there's sound for one video then the rest are silent. Video snaps have also sent out of order. The app constantly freezes, crashes and ""failed to take snap"" then deletes your pic. It also struggles to send or receive snaps and ""failed to open camera"" then closes 50 times.",614 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
125,Peter Heap,"January 10, 2023","I used to use Snapchat a lot. I don't really use it anymore. When I did use it, everything worked perfectly for me, I had no issues whatsoever. I could message and call people, and the messages sent and the calls were crisp clear. The notifications from calls and messages are always instant too, so I never missed a thing! I would recommend this app to everyone.","1,105 people found this review helpful",5,snap_chat
126,Kaitlyn Manjoo,"December 19, 2022","Idk what's happening... Snapchat always worked so well for me, but recently I haven't been able to send or receive snaps or conversations and my group chats have been completely unaccessable. It works again for a couple minutes after I re-install the app, but then it's back to it's nonesense. The only way I've found that fixes the problem without me having to literally delete the app each time is by opening it through the app store, which is incredibly inconvenient. Please help",558 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
127,Swiftripper,"January 22, 2023","It seems as though Snapchat has finally optimized their app somewhat... At least for the S8+. There is now slightly smoother video and higher photo quality. Edit: That didn't last long. Now stuff still isn't supported on the newer phones and videos look like they're shot on a microwave. In addition, you don't have the ability to use different lenses on your snap, such as a .5 lens",270 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
128,Gurananya Oberoi,"February 13, 2023",The app was working quite good before the updation but after updating it started getting hang more often and even when sending snap their was option to change location but now it does not occur. And even my screen has become short as it was of full screen. Please look into it as fast as possible.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
129,L B,"February 11, 2023","It's annoying af. Ppl that I don't accept friend requests from still get added, block ppl and they still show up in my friends list, unfriend ppl and they still show up, issues with creating snaps, can't post half the time, the list goes on. Also content is old stuff from months or year prior that nobody wants to see. It really has a lot of issues and I'm only keeping it for a friends otherwise I would've deleted it forever ago.",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
130,Charlie Char,"February 3, 2023","Dont get me wrong, I love snapchat I used it everyday. But now all of a sudden. My entire app just stopped working. I could not see past messages I have saved. I couldn't send snaps and I have my friend hang up since i couldn't click anything. This needs to get fixed cause i love snapchat, it's how I keep in contact for projects and etc.",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
131,Dax Knorr,"December 20, 2022",The Snapchat plus feature is glitchy. Widgets do not work properly and the wallpaper background disappears all the time. I have to reset it to get it to show up. Another thing is sometimes it will l let me record a video and other times it won't. Also I think if you pay for Snapchat plus then the ads should be gone too. This used to be a great app and I loved using it but as far as the android version goes.... it sucks.,466 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
132,Dave Deoram,"December 16, 2022","Recently noticed that I'm not getting any notifications from my friends that message or send me snaps. My friend's message was sitting unopened for a week before I realized that they had sent me something. Even after opening and closing the app, it doesn't send me a notification when they are typing or when they have sent me another message. It's annoying because my friends think I'm ghosting them when, in reality, I'm not.",343 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
133,Platless,"January 17, 2023","Unfortunately, this app is not optimized for Android. I don't get it. It's not hard. I understand there are many Android phones, but come on. At least support the high end flagships like the S22 Ultra or the Z Flip 3/4. STILL no dark mode, Cameos are broken, crashes every time I attempt to use anything related to them, CAMERA VIEWIFNDER SUCKS. Snapchat is actively helping to push the agenda that Android phone cameras are bad, when in many cases they are actually some of the best out there.","13,720 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
134,Nel Mu,"February 7, 2023","Why were the voice effects completely removed?? Unfortunately I was forced to delete a positive review I made for this app back in 2019. Instead of improving their features, they are deleting more features and trying to copy apps like TikTok. The best part of using Snapchat in the past was that it's NOT TikTok, but features are being removed or replaced with worse ones. The clickbait articles and infuriating incessant ads in subscriptions doesn't help either. Bring voice changer back, please.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
135,Munisha Kaur,"February 3, 2023",I have the Samsung z flip 4 and for some reason snapchat is glitching out consistently every single day. Sometimes it won't even let me send a snap to anyone and it will freeze. Other time I'll take a snap and it will get stuck on one filter and freeze. Just overall inconvenient to use the app and it's become difficult to even use.,56 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
136,Chloe B,"December 25, 2022","It has been unbelievably buggy lately. Not alerting for new chats, clicking on the few notifications you do get brings you to an empty screen that freezes your phone with the only escape being to reboot it. We've switched to Android/iPhone texting because of how bad it's gotten. Viewing recent reviews for insight from other customers reveals...an interesting batch of oddly similar, highly vague, highly positive responses. Sus, anybody?",381 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
137,Sharona Siu,"January 8, 2023","Hi, Snapchat is amazing and I've used it for a while now and now I've noticed that the game, ""Bitmoji Party"" is gone. I couldn't search it up, I didn't see it in the rocket (the place where the games are with the chats). It was gone, if you did remove it this year... It'd be wonderful if you could add it back again. It's an awesome game to play with friends and a way to beat our boredom. Thank you!","3,895 people found this review helpful",5,snap_chat
138,Blaine Barber,"January 31, 2023","Incompetent devs, since recent update facing the same issues as a lot of other people. Reduced camera field of view, screen like its out of sync and placing text behind the stupid filter select at the bottom resulting in having to delete the snap and start again. Also less features than the iPhone version and less optimisation. Clearly us android scum don't deserve a functional version of the app",223 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
139,Liana Samuel,"December 11, 2022","The picture quality is horrendous. My phone takes pretty good pictures but when I open snap I get whitewashed and blurry, it's not flattering at all. Any imported pictures also get destroyed, distorted to no end. The only feature that works fine is the chatting but for an app meant to take pictures I'm appalled with the quality of the pictures that come out.",551 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
140,Sahil,"February 12, 2023","Extremely poor optimization for Android. So many issues with it on the pixel 6a. For example the app would just freeze and it wouldn't open unless I restart my phone, messages being stuck on sending. I could go on and on. Fix your app.",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
141,Tom Becker,"February 1, 2023","New updates are garbage. The bar on the bottom of the screen is annoying and in the way, and the fact that they refuse to fix the camera quality issue on Samsung phones is ridicilous. They have contracts with Apple to make the app take advantage of the camera, leaving Samsung phones, which have better cameras anyway, in the dark.",47 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
142,Theryn P,"February 5, 2023","I give this a 3 star because, Everything was some at the start. The more I used It the less i liked it because. 1. Now everytime I got to view someone's story the app closes out -_- it's so annoying. 2. Every time I go to type it freezes. Again super annoying. So I would give it at least 4 stars but it's so annoying so u get a 3 star rating 😀✌",4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
143,Qian Yi,"February 10, 2023","I enjoy using Snapchat, it's where I keep my memories and all but I find the new update which features the row of filters really annoying, because every time I move my text there, I can't seem to shift it away because I end up opening the filters instead. ALSO, really liked the game feature with friends so pls bring it back :((!",4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
144,Joey Soares,"February 10, 2023","The repeated snap notifications about friends I don't even talk to regularly updating their story without the option to turn just those notifications off is annoying. It treats those notifications as ""snaps and messages"" so I'd have to turn off those notifications too in order to not have the random dumb notifications. The most recent update has actually made it worse. I've been using this app since 2013 and I've never more seriously considered deleting because these constantstory notifications",11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
145,Fizzah Niazi,"February 1, 2023","Its a great app with beautiful,fun natural filters. We can easily contact and message our friends. We can enjoy spotlights with variety of content. You will have fun continuing streaks and creating avatars and bitmojies.👍👍👍 We can add some songs from spotlights in favourites and use those songs to make our own videos. Personnaly, I give it a 5 out of 5 because it is very great👍👍👍 except for the new update that is sliding here and there for filters after you take a pic like........",467 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
146,Gillian,"February 1, 2023","New update has changed the layout of where text bubbles sit after being typed. now after you e finished typing the text bubble sits directly underneath the filter selection button so I cannot move my text bubble after typing. every time you attempt to select and move the text bubble the filters appear, this is highly frustrating. keyboard has frequent malfunctions as well",48 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
147,Divya ammu,"February 1, 2023","Due to latest update,The half part of the camera screen is being covered,And the problem is with the location filter , earlier we used to click on the location and adjust it accordingly,But now it is not possible , after clicking on the filter its opening a text box to add text, please fix this issue Snapchat. Android OnePlus Nord CE 2 user Thanks.",944 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
148,Jaideep Singh,"February 1, 2023",When i did recent update of my Snapchat. Then the camera of snap is improved as it becomes curve at all points . And when i opened a location filter there is a problem in it because when we want to add a correct location it open text box and we are unable to add location. More over in past we are freely do adjustment of location like up and down but now it is not movable . So plz solve this problem.so plz solve this problem.,43 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
149,Ian Ranfranz,"February 6, 2023","I type a line on my picture. It always somehow winds up at the bottom of the screen behind the tab for the filters. So, it doesn't allow me to move the text line because it keeps bringing up the filters. It really annoys the heck out of me. Fix that, and I'll change my review.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
150,Omar Mawaz,"February 2, 2023",Black bars on top and bottom of the screen now. Literally nothing was wrong with this app till the last update. Now I take trimmed snaps thanks to the wonderful idea of whoever though it would be great to minimize the screen size or aspect ratio. Now I dont even care about my streaks... So thanks for that.,33 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
151,Denki_kaminari_lover,"February 6, 2023","The past week had been very annoying..... I shouldn't have to go into the app to find out that I got a messages from hours ago.... the app had stopped noticing me about any messages. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app and checking my actual notifications on my phone... nothing has worked, this needs to be fixed",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
152,Angel. Ramen,"February 5, 2023","Snapchat was good but this year it became kind of annoying for me,I can't even get into the app and take snaps because either it's showing me a black screen or the app closes,kindly please check it. Update:It was okay for some days and now it is still not working. Update:It's still not okay,I can't go into the app. Update:I don't understand why it freezes and I have been telling you on multiple purposes that I am having some problems with the app and you are not helping me.",16 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
153,Mya Cervantes,"February 6, 2023",I have used this app since high school before it became a TikTok Rio off and boy do I miss those times. Half of the features don't even work for me because the app is too busy loading features I don't even use. Plus a couple of glitches I've seen others have too. I'd rather stick to Instagram even if they are turning into another Walmart TikTok too because at least the app WORKS.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
154,Nishant Mishra,"February 1, 2023",The latest update changed the ratio that snaps are clicked in. Now the app doesn't use full screen to capture snaps like it used to do before. Fix thissssss!! Edit- its still not fixed. I have reported and talked with the support team as well. Couldn't do a thing. What the hell is this? Its so annoying,44 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
155,G Matthew,"January 31, 2023","This app works great on Apple as I've used my friends phones before but on Android it sucks. The time it takes to take a picture is like 4 sec when on Apple it's like .3 of a sec. We also don't have many features that Apple does like dark mode and the little buttons at the top of the screen and more. It's also very laggy and takes hours sometimes to just load my snaps. My phones relatively new 2, a brand new phone so fix ur app as it's not my phone that's lagging and is slow and intact is ur app",36 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
156,Hunter Witty,"February 10, 2023","Since the new update my phone (Samsung Galaxy s21 ultra 5g) has had a black bar on the bottom of my camera. Idk if it does it to iPhones to but every person I asked with an iPhone said no it doesn't. But a couple of my friends with Samsungs do have it. It's really annoying, because the black bar will show up into my snaps and make them smaller. Idk if yall made it look better for a smaller phone but it's annoying. It will also shrink my pictures I post on my story when I add text to it. Pls fix.",0,2,snap_chat
157,Stacie,"February 6, 2023","It's been years since iOS got dark mode and we're just left in the dust. Can you please offer this to android?? Also-beauty filters when remixing is just unnecessary imo. it's not even a nice filter, so it makes me not want to use that feature. Please let us turn dark mode and beauty filter off/on manually!!",83 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
158,Savita dalal,"February 6, 2023",Great app just one thing when we change outfit we can save it so if we make another look we don't like it we can go back to th previous outfit not choose the hair this and that it will be easier to use also the games are gone you know the ones you get to play the games in chat why'd you remove that?!?! It was my favorite feature,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
159,Lucas Roucoulet,"February 15, 2023","Boo, if you send more than two messages without wifi, once wifi comes back on it sends them out of order. Message 1 was put as message 3, message 2 was put as message 1. Dumb bug that an app thats been out as long as this shouldn't have. Messenger doesn't have that bug, or discord, or Instagram, or anything else (not 100% sure about Instagram)",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
160,Jawad Ahmad,"February 8, 2023",1: DARK MOOD IS MISSING on android devices which is available on iOS from a very long time. 2: Also the scene looks more fire in viewfinder of the app but when i capture the pic the scene is just washed out and blurred that is disgusting. 3: Tap to focus is not working properly whenever I tap to focus it focuses above 1 inch on screen. They just clear one bug and in update they just add whole lot of bugs.🙂,550 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
161,Khyri Gamesx,"February 13, 2023","I like this app a lot, My only discomfort is that when you take photos or videos, there's no option to upload the video to any other type of social media. That's not a big problem, But it would be amazing to experience!!! :) Keep up the good work :)",38 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
162,RAJ Eleanor Rigby,"February 12, 2023",Overrated. Not very social. Not much of a network. *GAMES NO LONGER WORK *You have no profile as such to help others find you *The video feature is limited *Easy to unintentionally allow strangers access to your location! Inferior to Instagram in every way. Insta's dissappearing photos and videos are a much better way to sext. * Full of bots,55 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
163,Kristen Haim,"February 7, 2023","It's been pretty good so far, I just hate the 3d bitmojis! They are so ugly and annoying! Please go back to the way they were before! Whenever someone snaps me, it's 3d, and it looks horrible, to be honest. Please make it the way they were before, or a setting where you get to choose",0,2,snap_chat
164,taede meijer,"February 10, 2023","App has become almost useless, the pictures show only on the top 2/3rds of the screen and the bottom is just blacked out. Activating a filter crashes the whole editing as you can't edit anything after you touched a filter. What happened Snapchat?",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
165,Meghan Cherry,"February 10, 2023",The new update makes it so most text appears too low to read. Also makes it so filter activate with the slightly slow press of the shutter button and then you can't get them to turn off or reach your text to move it. Terrible update.,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
166,Yusef Kifah,"January 30, 2023","Why attempt to fix something that ain't broke? Camera aspect ratio is weird now with a black bar. Text occasionally glitches and moves bottom, becoming inaccessible due to the filter buttons popping up. It was perfect before, why ruin the android experience?",49 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
167,Cameron Hartley,"February 13, 2023","App brings up something about new policy, and then all touch capabilities freeze up. They had to uninstall and reinstall just to get it to work. However, every time this comes up, you are forced to click continue and freeze your screen",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
168,B Tuffy,"February 5, 2023","Stop making updates. It is destroying the basic functionality of the app that is the main reason most people use it. The black border, text box/filter wheel clashing, the text box delete button etc are all stupid features that are not required......... If it ain't broken, don't bloody fix it......",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
169,Malik Bilal Awan,"February 9, 2023",Recent updates are not useful for end users. It also effects the screen size filters are not working properly. So please shift back to last version. Hope you will have a backup of that version. Thank you,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
170,Danielle Flemmens,"February 17, 2023",Camera is delayed. Every time I take a picture it's about 2 seconds delayed and I miss the shot or have to hope my Littles stay still long enough. This is a new issue hopefully it gets fixed as it's very frustrating. Also it's not my phone my camera works just fine only in this app.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
171,Adriana Lockard,"February 9, 2023",something is messed up with the camera. photo/video quality has decreased and it looks like the screen is trying to fit a smaller phone and it doesnt fit my screen and if you type something it either disappears or shifts down. please fix this. also... add. dark. mode. to. android/samsung,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
172,Jimmy Cholagh,"February 6, 2023","Friends Snap story notifications. I would really like to turn off the notifications for when a friend updates their snap story. When I go into details to turn off the notification, it is under snaps and chats which I don't want to turn off. I still would like a notification for when I get a chat or a snap sent to me personally. but I don't want to get a notification for when a friend updates stories. please fix this! 9/21/22 As of today 2/6/23 Still no updates or response from the developers",713 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
173,Cisco Saenz,"February 4, 2023","Literally anytime I share a video longer than 10 seconds it's splits it into multiple parts and only iPhone are allowed to share videos Longer than 1 minutes, FIX THIS NOW. I didn't have this problem before and it's annoying, tell you clown of a CEO IPhone aren't the only phone that exists and fix this recent problem. Uninstalled and cleared cache Twice now and still no resolution!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
174,Taylor Martinek,"February 6, 2023","For the past week or so I've had a black border around the camera screen, and it glitches out so much I usually have to do one or two takes of them same photo. On top of everything it looks like my camera traveled back to 2012 on Snapchat, while it looks fine on my camera app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
175,Mitch Gardner (MitchDizzle),"February 2, 2023",Not sure what changed recently but i now have a giant black bar under any snaps i take. Cutting off a good 1/3rd of the picture. There were new features like category filters that are no longer present. Seems like a bad update from an experimental branch of code.,28 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
176,Sajjad Jagirani,"February 10, 2023","Everything in snapchat was okay in android but from the last 2 updates the location option isn't working like if we want to change the location in streak, it isn't available now! this is so frustrating! kindly fix this issue, however snapchat gives many facilities only to iphone users! like wideangel lens! too much injustice! Kindly repair the location changing option in streak!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
177,A R,"February 13, 2023",Hate the new update. The black border on the bottom is awful. Every time I try to add text to my snap it drops to the bottom behind the filter bubbles and I can't select the text anymore to edit or re-position it because the filter bubbles are in the way,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
178,lil kangaroo 535,"February 11, 2023","It's a good texting app, but you guys need to add dark mode and other features to Android. You give every single feature to iPhone but not Android. I know you guys can AT LEAST give darkmode to Android easily, so idk why you don't. It's the bare minimum we ask for, and you won't do it.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
179,Lannie Ross,"February 14, 2023",They recently added a bunch of new notifications that are very annoying. It will remind me every few hours when I haven't opened a story or send me random subscriptions. You can't turn these off without being unable to see the normal text sent notifications,0,2,snap_chat
180,Evan Ronchi,"February 15, 2023","Obviously love this app. Only 2 problems I have are that: 1. I want a dark mode option for android, and 2. I am currently on one of the newest Samsungs, and sometimes, when I'm sending snaps, it takes about 10 seconds to send, view people's stories, and go in a chat",4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
181,Tim Canfield,"February 8, 2023","Snapchat is a very good app for me to text my friends and call them. However, it takes forever for my chats to load and it won't let me tap on anything to take pictures, open chats, or view my profile. It might be bc i use a computer but it is very annoying that it wont let me text or take pictures.",7 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
182,Toni,"February 1, 2023","1) STILL NO DARK MODE???? C'mon, you've got to be joking? Just give Android users dark mode already. 2) I've noticed a large black bar on the bottom of my camera and my photos now that wasn't there before. And even if I save the image, the line is still there. Fix this and make it full screen again. It's not that hard.",25 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
183,Megan Shantz,"February 10, 2023","I love snapchat and it's a great way for me to talk to my friends, but recently I've been having an issue where it shows me that I have a snap from someone from either 3 weeks ago or a month ago. I dont have any snaps that I didnt open and its the same person everytime. When I uninstall the app and install it again it goes away. But it's been happening so often, it's getting really annoying.",4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
184,Hicham Khamlichi,"February 2, 2023","Since the latest update there has been several bugs and glitches. I can't type on the snaps as it gets ""stuck"" between filters. When sending snaps to a list of friends the app often freezes and bugs and is unresponsive to taps. Terrible update.",38 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
185,John Leipold,"February 14, 2023","It was good until somehow, I message someone, and no texts show up, it just says something went wrong. It says that it was an app update issue but that's not true, then it would do that to every chat you would think, but it's only one.",0,2,snap_chat
186,Bella Price,"February 10, 2023","Love snapchat, absolutely love it! However, I use a chromebook for it. Ever since I updated it, all the pictures I take on the chromebook end up widening the picture and making it pixel-y. That's the only issue that's been bugging me constantly...",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
187,gavin Hooks,"February 1, 2023","I've been using this app for years, loved it for years. That being said now I get NO notifications from the app at all. I've googled and tried all. I've checked app notifications and my phone notifications to make sure everything is on and permissions granted, and still nothing. BIGGEST issue of all Snapchat has NO tech support to contact! I've reported ""the bug"" but it would be nice to get this fixed. Or some correspondence at least! It's DISAPPOINTING that I can't enjoy the app anymore.",32 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
188,BarrelBranch,"February 2, 2023",Ive had nothing but good things to say about this app until really now. Either its a new update or a bug but the snapchat camera aspect ratio is all messed up there is black bars at the bottom of it. Im really hoping it is a bug because this does not sit right with me.,80 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
189,Albert Kilger (berto1014),"February 3, 2023",Stop sending me notifications for stories/lenses or make them separate notification channels from chats and messages so I can turn them off. Now there's even more notifications after I came back to this app than before (took a break for 4 months). So I just turned them all off. Guess I'll just check every couple of days for messages. Snapchat has abused notifications.,32 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
190,Catherine “Katie” Platter,"February 3, 2023","I can't type anymore, every time I try to it adds a filter... theres also the black bar at the bottom cutting out most of my screen...I don't even really use anything else but the messaging system and now the entire purpose for me having the app is gone.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
191,Evelynn Elmore,"February 8, 2023","Most of snapchat doesn't bother me except for the fact that it doesn't make any noise or vibrate for one person on my list. I can't fix it in settings, it used to be one person but I'm not longer talking to them and now it's switched to another. It did it on my old phone and now my current one.",5 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
192,Kiwi B,"February 8, 2023",It has been working fine till a few days ago. I have logged out because was using it on another device. Now I can't get into my account now. The app keeps crashing when I put my login info in. Keeps saying that I have a bug and need to update it but I have the lastest update.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
193,Kiara Moravec,"February 2, 2023","my notifications have stopped coming through. I've checked notification settings, reset my phone, and uninstalling and reinstalling the app nothing has worked. after taking videos the screen also becomes super glitchy not letting me press any buttons or if I do it is unresponsive.",25 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
194,Madison Turner,"February 5, 2023",Don't get me wrong this is a great app but in the past few weeks since I have been using it whenever I get a message from on of my friends and I go and check it shows that i didn't get the message even though they did text me and one more problem whenever I send someone a message it won't send it always say '' sorry please try again later'' so for the past few weeks snapchat has not been working at all for me and I have full bars of wifi and it still don't work so please fix this problem soon,0,3,snap_chat
195,Erica Williamson,"February 9, 2023","This is a great app, I use it everyday, however I do have a suggestion Please please please make darkmode for android. If you do, I will have no problems with the app at all, and will give it 5 stars. It really pains ones eyes when on the app in the dark and it should be available for all. Additionally, the new update to have the filters on the screen after taking a snap is very annoying and unnecessary, please take it away.",332 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
196,Jared Gottfried,"February 2, 2023","It's been decent for me on Android, but the new update makes it look god awful. Still no dark mode, and everything is just not near as good as it should be. It feels like snapchat is becoming less and less compatible with Android users the more updates you release. Please just make it more compatible while still looking at least half decent.",24 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
197,Rayyan Sarwar,"February 2, 2023",This app was doing good but now it is becoming annoying it takes too much time for loading even when the network is maximum after login to an other device when it is open from an original device it doesn't work properly even after login again I have to uninstall it every time than reinstall it in order to use it I hope this bug will be removed or fixed soon,22 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
198,Mylah White,"February 12, 2023","I haven't had problems with snapchat, until recently, when I opened the app and my profile was completely gone and the app was frozen with absolutely no warning or explanation as to why it was happening. Rn I can't even use it because it isn't letting me do anything. Even thought I don't have a profile it says that I have alot of messages. Why??????",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
199,Dev Srivastava,"February 18, 2023",I'm using it since one year there was no problem but now it's getting worse. Whenever I'm opening the app nothing is working like screen is frozen. After re- installing the application it works but again got same problem after 2 days. Please help ASAP.,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
200,latoya mcgregory,"February 8, 2023",I'm not able to view people snaps without it keep buffering. It's been doing this since the update from December 12th 2022. You guys recently did another update 1 day ago and it's still buffering when I try to watch snaps. I would really appreciate it if you guys could fix this problem. It's really annoying. Thank you. UPDATE: Here it is February 8th 2023 and my snapchat is still circling and buffering. What's the point of leaving a review and you don't get a response??? Very Disappointed!!!,157 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
201,Sarah Cooper,"February 4, 2023",This entire app sucks anymore. I hate the black box around the camera and my text keeps going to the bottom of the screen and I can't move it cause the filters are there with no way to get rid of them. This app used to be good but now everything sucks,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
202,Glock007,"February 19, 2023","the app is great if u hv an iPhone, but if u hv an android there's several issues. apart from the camera quality being terrible things like snaps don't load for me, the call icons don't show when I'm on call, I can't listen to vns straightaway n all this makes me hv to close n reopen the app so many times just to do the most simple things. so now if u wanna use Snapchat normally u kinda need an iPhone otherwise u can't 😂😂",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
203,Saskia vd Kraats,"February 1, 2023","since the update theres a big black bar at the bottom of the screen and i can't seem to remove it in any way, it's also applying it to all my previous snaps when they definitely didn't have this before. please fix this, it looks terrible!",30 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
204,Kenneth Johns,"February 15, 2023","I've used the app for quite a long while but after switching over to a new phone I no longer have an email option in my profile settings. Its using the oldest version of my account which it's not supposed to do anyways, so I cant login nor am I able to text people I was on a regular basis. Please fix this",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
205,Fuzzball259,"February 3, 2023","Love using Snapchat but I think there's a bug! My camera screen is not full screen and it's cut off at the bottom! Can you guys please fix this as I've tried uninstalling and re-installing the app, clearing the chache, rebooting my phone; everything! It's really irritating!",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
206,Alex Coleman,"February 5, 2023",New update stinks. The message box drops to the bottom where its incredibly difficult to select as you end up selecting which filter you want when you don't want any. Can't edit text. Must delete snap and start again. Useless,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
207,Charlie W,"February 15, 2023",They finally fixed the aspect ratio for longer phones to fit iPhones. They used to look so weird from an iphone screen because the picture was really long but the black borders fixed it. Still no dark mode though. Not hard to implement at all,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
208,chelsey jines,"February 5, 2023",Since the new update my snaps arent sending unless it's a text and I can't put a message on the screen because it goes to the bottom right where the filter scroll is. I'm so annoyed with Snapchat destroying the app for Samsung and giving everything to apple. Do better.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
209,Orion Mathison,"February 6, 2023",Honestly speaking this app is horrible and I would never use it except for the fact that I need to keep in contact with a particular friend but I am so tired of seeing oh here's five people that added you as a friend or that want to be your friend. Like stop putting that in my face I will add people whenever I want to add people do not force it on me.,0,2,snap_chat
210,ROSHAAN HARSHIT,"February 2, 2023","The app before update was worked well, from yesterday when I updated the app, camera screen size has been decreased and the black bar is just annoying to take the pics, then the picture also not coming well due to this issue, even I have changed the settings f om my phone and reported to the Snapchat too, kindly fix this issue, it's making the app ruining",20 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
211,Neeba Khwaunju,"February 3, 2023","I love Snapchat, but the only problem I'm facing is with the text bar. Everytime I type something it goes below the filter section and I cannot pull it up or down because if I try to pull the text up, it opens the filter section and it's ANNOYING.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
212,SHRIYA ACHARYA,"February 11, 2023",The filters i was used to use have been changed. I thought it's glitch and team snapchat will fixed it without a day but no. Nothing has changed. Snapchat keeps recommending me those uncool filters which I absolutely hate. Snapchat is actually a very good app but things are recommending some filters which I don't like is just getting on my nerves now. Please fix the problem as soon as possible Thank you.,0,2,snap_chat
213,Sydney Bean,"February 13, 2023","I think that snapchat is a great social media app if you think your child is ready. If you are still a little worried, which I completely understand, then I would make an account to keep in check with your child. I love this app because it has funny filters and it has a very nice community with it. One thing I want to let you know is even if you haven't friended someone back, they can still message you, even though you can still block them. I think that snapchat Is a good app for you to try out.",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
214,Montana Green,"February 10, 2023","Completely ruined for Android. From the black bar to the screen to every feature iOs has that we don't, this app is atrocious at the moment. I only use it to talk to friends at this point. Absolutely nothing done about it as well.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
215,Kole White,"February 19, 2023","Using the Flip 3 and the bottom 1/4 of the screen when using the camera is just black, just completely black, my regular cam works just fine, but when i send snaps now the bottom part of the picture is blacked out. Tried reinstalling and restarting several times. Dont know what thats about",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
216,Grace Raine,"February 6, 2023",over all 10/10 but i feel like some things that are premium shouldnt be premium for example the changing backround im also unable to change to dark mode on samgsung so maybe there is a way to cahnge that over all its really great one more problem im on a laptop that is touch screen it used to work fine but now everytime i go on the app it kicks me off after 5 secons so idk if its my laptop/ipad or your app anyways thank you!!,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
217,Breella Blu,"February 9, 2023",friends are unable to save my snaps. It's becoming a known issue on message boards that new accounts are unable to have their snaps saved by their friends. Get this fixed ASAP Feb 8th: This has still not been addressed and from what I found on Reddit has been going on for over a year.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
218,Stevie Nash,"February 7, 2023","Up until now I had no issues but now I am having MAJOR issues, loading, sending snaps, my screen looks weird. It was not like this before. What happened?? Edit: still relatively slow and sometimes won't show my memories correct",4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
219,Vidhi Parmar,"February 9, 2023",Everything was going good. But suddenly one day the frame of my screen crop itself. I'm not able to change my location too. In spite of reporting it multiple times no action is taken. Even made second account but soon it turned same as previous one. Hate using snapchat now.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
220,Kati L,"February 11, 2023","When I remix snaps in group chat, it sends the snap to original person directly instead of back to the group. When other people in the group remix it send to the group. Also, calls take forever to connect and it doesn't ring so I don't know if it is even going through.",0,2,snap_chat
221,Laiba 1215,"February 6, 2023",I've been using this app for 3 years now and it never disappointed me but since the new update my Snapchat camera is not working on full screen. There's black space beneath the camera and it sucks I'm so frustrated and I've tried almost everything to fix it but nothing worked please fix this bug immediately or your app will start losing it's hype.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
222,Karisia :p,"February 12, 2023","This app is great, I use it all the time. But PLEASE get rid of the 3d bitmojis 😭 they're so ugly and I don't understand why they were added in the first place. Also, please add dark mode for android/Samsung. If I'm on a bus or any public transportation early in the morning I don't want to blind myself or others with the pure white snapchat screen.",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
223,puppy power!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"February 9, 2023","Everything is fine with it normally but something that recently became a problem is the stories, I had one story filled with a lot of pictures but today not only are all the pictures not in that story they got put into 2 other stories I didn't even make. It's honestly annoying how it did that.",0,2,snap_chat
224,Astitva Gupta,"February 9, 2023",Still doesn't work seamless on android phones. Just don't release it for the phone's that don't have the capability to run this smoothly or just release a legit light version of the app so that mid range android devices can also use the app.,0,2,snap_chat
225,Mohammed,"February 11, 2023","I don't know why Snapchat camera quality on Android is much more terrible in comparison to IOS , but also a problem has occurred to me a couple of days ago and its a black bar under the button you press to take pictures so aspect ratio became smaller , these issues are ""some"" of the issues we Android consumers encounter not ""all"" issues , just fix your app its becoming unusable.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
226,LE GAMING,"January 25, 2023","Good to communicate with people. This app is a breeding ground for unwanted bugs and annoyances. Needs a fix. I myself have a bug where my screen aspect ratio is small, resulting in a black bar at the bottom. If team Snapchat could fix this issue, then I might consider using the app. Until then, I will not. Good day.",328 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
227,A M,"February 11, 2023",My account suddenly logged out today at around 10:30pm IST and I am unable to login with my saved password. I do not have access of the registered number and not sure if my email id was linked. Snapchat team does not have any alternate option to recover my account. I am very fed up. I have my all photos saved since 2+years on it. How a brand like Snapchat does not have any solution for my query? Even I am ready for video verification or whatever suits you. Please help!!!!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
228,a,"February 6, 2023","first of all, the app is fine. my question is, why’d u remove the game option?😢 i personally think the only enjoyable thing in this app is the game. and now that is gone, this app is honestly less enjoyable. i also don’t really like the upgrade on the avatar design, i prefer the old design. i’d really hope you guys could at least bring back the game option, bcs it’s the most fun.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
229,LinkZG,"February 19, 2023","Why is such a simple app in which I don't have any downloaded filters and no GPS tracking enabled still over a Gigabyte worth of storage? Now also removed all Bitmoji styles, and even the now forced newest style isn't displayed as created but rather an unconvincing Meta-like 3D creature.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
230,Pork Huntt,"January 23, 2023",Dragged my text down and now I can't select it or edit the text as it just wants to open filters over it. So can't remove the text or edit it. Only option is to delete the Snapchat or post with wrong text. Great work team. App beyond a joke now. Can't wait to update and see what other completely rubbish things you've gone and added when not a single person asked or wanted it. It's just slowly making the app worse in hopes ppl don't notice. All app are doing it.,813 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
231,D Caill,"February 15, 2023","S21 ultra & Snapchat+ member. Snapchat no longer opens in full screen, there's a solid bar at the bottom of the screen when viewing snaps and stories that covers over some of the snap making it so that you can not see some of it often times missing important captions. Also why can't I use the zoom features of my S21 while the same features are available on the s22? Terrible!",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
232,Mike Perry,"February 17, 2023","Latest update brings even more bugs on my z fold. Can't zoom on cameras, no access to wide or zoom cameras, front camera is locked to wide angle, camera has crazy weird aspect ratios on both screens, etc. How hard can it be for them to make the cameras capture and send in 16:9 regardless of which screen I'm using? AND STILL NO DARK MODE. I don't understand, all of my gripes with Snapchat could be fixed by 1 dev in a week. App sucks. Snap: look how insta does it. No problems there.",32 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
233,Walker Tanner,"February 16, 2023","I've been using Snapchat for almost a decade and the one problem I've had with it is the remove friends function. Yes you can remove them but you can only remove one at a time, and that makes it to where I don't feel like removing unwanted friends or it takes forever to do it. so Snapchat Inc. please make it to where we can delete more that one friend at a time.",13 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
234,Arwen Ganious,"February 1, 2023",I use this app pretty often. The last update was pretty nice but this new update messed up my snaps. The bottom part of the screen where it shows the spotlight icons and stuff is cutting off the bottom part of my snaps. I will take a snap and then it will only show black for that part of the picture. Thank you:),26 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
235,Cynthia Zatlokowicz,"February 16, 2023","Latest update ruined snapchat for samsung users especially for ones with longer displays. The photo window is about half the size of my screen now, completely bogus, fix your screen sizing. Also the app for android isnt as fleshed out as the app for apple, i cant even put the app into dark mode! Makes the added features from snapchat+ essentially useless.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
236,Melody Bradberry,"February 16, 2023","It would be better if the privacy was better. I turned off quick add and I get notifications on my phone that someone new joined snapchat and there is always tons of strange accounts showing in quick add. I don't wanna see strange accounts. It's hard clicking ""I don't know this person"".",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
237,Kille Paige,"February 16, 2023","At the bottom of the screen when you go to take a picture it's a black box, like the picture doesn't fit the screen or it's trying the fit a phone smaller than mine. it does seem like an android problem. I've tried uninstalling the app and restarting my phone and that doesn't seem to fix it.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
238,Vienna Clausi,"February 6, 2023","I love this app. Its a great app to use for texting and calling. Also, another great thing about this is there is a spotlight. The spotlight is short videos just like tiktok and youtube shorts. So if your only allowed to get snapchat and not tiktok or youtube shorts, you can always watch the spotlight and you can send them to friends or groupchats. Thats another thing, groupchats. You can always make groupchats with whoever you choose (you have to have them added) and you all can talk on there.",30 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
239,Charlie Yazgan (F4T4LFUS1ON),"February 16, 2023","The ads and all the rubbish on the right side is irritating. I initially did this review in 2020 and it mentioned no dark mode and now in 2023 THERE'S STILL NO DARK MODE. How is it this hard to implement dark mode when iphones have had it for ages. Also, I know its hard to optimise the camera app for all different types of phones but at least doing it for the most popular ones would be good, like Samsung. Because compared to the phones actual camera, snapchats is awful.",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
240,Sithis Akel,"February 15, 2023",Watching stories is one of the most cancer things I've ever seen. You get so far get an ad then I rewinds several frames back that you've already watched. It's nonstop too it just keeps happening over and over again. This orangutan got out of its enclosure... one ad later... this orangutan got out of its enclosure... its infuriating!,11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
241,Nicholas Charles,"February 15, 2023",App is fine. I've stopped trying to use it though as the notifications are non stop. I have tried to adjust my phone's settings to no avail. The only notifications I want is when someone messages me. I don't need know every 60mins that someone I know is on Snapchat. Really frustrating.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
242,AionMc,"February 16, 2023","When you go to take a picture, there is now a thicker black bar at the bottom that blocks part of the screen. It's really annoying because I only see it happening on Samsung phones and I don't know if the picture that I am taking will look the same to the person I'm sending it to. People have been complaining about this for weeks it needs to be fixed.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
243,Jesse McGuire,"February 15, 2023","The notifications are horrible in this app now. Unless you want to be constantly spammed about random posts in your subscriptions or how literally anyone you've ever met is ""on Snapchat!"", you'll want to turn off notifications immediately. Spam accounts friending you is still an issue, though not as bad as it used to be.",0,2,snap_chat
244,Rae Fellmeth,"February 15, 2023",My childhood friend recently passed away and went to try to log onto an old account to get some of our photos. In order to access the account I needed to verify my email. An email that unfortunately doesn't exist anymore. All of the responses I received from customer service were the exact same response. That I cant do anything. I have the username and password correct but can't access photos because of a verification that nobody can help me with??,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
245,ZOYA,"February 17, 2023","This is a great app for clicking pictures, group texting, the most exciting thing about is you can use bitmoji, cameos you can make streak with your friends. You can send snaps yuh!! And you can use brilliant stickers. watch any videos you want satisfying, lele pons, beauty hacks, and all of your favorite celebrities I loved it",33 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
246,Kayla Bannis,"February 16, 2023","For the past few days, whenever somebody sends me a message, I click on it and the only thing I can see is the bitmoji and their name. Thee new nessage doesn't pop up. I've restared my phone, uninstalled and reinstalled the app, and clearing the cache. It works for a little bit, but the problem comes right back. I checked Google play and Snapchat is up to date. Can anyone explain to me what is going on? I'm having to use Snapchat web a bit more frequently now due to this recurring issue 😒.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
247,Alec Warren,"February 17, 2023",Snapchat just changed the bottom of my screen into a horrible new aspect ratio. A giant black bar where text bars automatically drop down and are no longer visible. Image quality absolutely tanked. This bug or update needs fixed ASAP.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
248,Ann Jimenez,"February 15, 2023","I only use snapchat for two reasons. Firstly, to play snapchat games. Secondly, send pictures/videos using funny filters to close friends/family. Now that snapchat has removed their games (because they couldn't monetize them), I no longer feel the need to engage with the app. Funny filters can be found on numerous amount of apps. My low rating is because of the removal of the one thing that separated snapchat from other platforms such as Instagram or tik tok.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
249,Andy Birch,"February 15, 2023","The app itself works well, but it is sooooo annoying. Constant ""Person X is on Snapchat!"" notifications. I want notifications about snaps, but I don't think there is a way to turn off the frequent friend suggestions.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
250,Zoey Clark,"February 2, 2023","LOVE SNAPCHAT SOO MUCH! Its really easy to use and theres so much to do, its like every social media in one! You can text, call, snap, post, watch videos, and MUCH more! 10/10 would recommend for anyone looking for an app to keep you busy",45 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
251,David LiCalzi,"February 15, 2023","Snapchat is a great app for communication. The only complaint is that I have my Snaps are starting to have a widescreen/black border effect. It only started happening probably early January 2023, but I don't have any fixes for it. I also wish they brought dark mode support to Android.",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
252,Kirsty Loker,"February 16, 2023",Hi there I lobe using snapchat for talking to my friends and taking pictures. The thing that's annoying me jn the way the flash is on android. On iPhone you can switch it to ring or regular but android you can't and I prefer the old style flash. Is there a way you can update it so it goes on android aswell.,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
253,Munibah Rahim,"January 30, 2023",I've been having an issue since quite sometimes and which is that I won't get notifications from people who have added me and also people who has added me back. I had to reinstall this app because I thought maybe this time it'll be sorted out but no I was wrong. It is still the same and it driving me insane. Please fix this or I have to say goodbye to this app forever.,22 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
254,Ryon Park,"February 17, 2023",In the last 72 hours snapchat has decided to randomly start sending me notification about people it thinks i might want to add and other random nonesense. So basically the app now sends you spam on a frequent basis that registers as the same type of notification as a friend messaging you. Feels terrible would not reccomend this to anyone new or potentially new.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
255,Jay Jones,"February 1, 2023","Everytime i get too many friends my snapchat crashes and won't load friends stories anymore, if anything shows only subscriptions, and it still won't work even after removing people and updating my snapchat and yes I have good network connection I have two accounts and my old one had this problem but works fine now, and now my new one has this issue! And why can't we turn on or off the flash now using the camera with the update?",15 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
256,speedy,"February 3, 2023",Dark mode not being an option on android is VERY inconvenient. Now the camera doesn't fill the screen leaving an ugly black space on the top and bottom of the screen. Really annoying and impossible to get rid of,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
257,Connor Bates,"February 2, 2023",Samsung users are treated like dirt. The last 3 or 4 updates keep shrinking usable screen size and adding/removing features that aren't needed or asked for. At least do the flagship models for every year and keep them up to date,18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
258,Chandu Shankar,"February 15, 2023","Do enable the search button in chat, it's been very difficult to search the texts. We need the snap games back, the game option on the chat screen is disabled from long back. New bitmoji avatar on left side of chat screen (profile) is worst. Old one was soo good! Please change it back!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
259,strawberreis,"February 2, 2023",1. they shld add a select and delete friends option 2. they keep putting my text to the bottom w the filters so i cant edit/move it ??? 3. more compatible on iphone. u wont get the same features like dark mode and the weather sticker (discrimination>:0),20 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
260,Promo Px Gaming,"February 8, 2023","Amazing experience everything is working perfect calls are almost 4k no lag but one thing that is very dangerous is where people are to make you give out your information including names, pictures, addresses and all that. And Snapchat support should be involved in that because a lot of people have had frauds, scams, 18+ involving and that so I recommend that not to be a problem in the future.",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
261,Chris Imus,"February 1, 2023","It's full of fake accounts trying to get me to link to other sites. It's treated like it's Only Fans by most women I don't know rather than trying to find a real connection with someone else it's mostly used to sell their ""content."" The app itself is beyond laggy af using an android though I don't feel like I'd be having a better experience with an iPhone either way. Overall I'm disappointed. I don't get the hype for it at all and if I didn't have friends using this app I'd definitely uninstall.",16 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
262,M. Arslan,"December 19, 2022",I'm giving it one star because I haven't been able to use the app for 2 days now. I can receive tge snaps but can't send any. It just keeps on showing sending but doesn't actually send it even for hours and then says failed to send. I'm gonna lose all my streaks if you don't solve the problem. I've tried everything in my hans to try and solve it but it seems my accounts habe got corrupted somehow. As I tried to use a different phone but it still happens the same way. I need it to be fixed ASAP.,271 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
263,Philly Cheese,"February 14, 2023","very bad, full of annoying spammers they wont do anything about it either, so if you like some creepy people constantly adding you every other day and even finding your new username after creating it again do not download this app cause it definitely does not have enough security features to prevent this.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
264,Aalaya Naquin,"February 8, 2023",It's been a wonder using Snapchat but I have had my ups an downs with it 1. Other peoples story would be very slow. 2 when people would be done chatting it would still show the bitmoji typing. That's pretty much all the problems I've had with snap chat 💬 thank you. 💫,3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
265,Jaime Rosales,"February 8, 2023","After the new update I can't take any good pictures anymore because of the black bar on the bottom of my screen. It's very inconvenient and it seems like everyone else judging by the reviews, it shows how bad the update is. Please fix it!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
266,Kiah Burley,"February 16, 2023",Never had a problem till now my camera is broken on snap and I've contacted support and got two different people responding both being no help. I've done everything on my end to fix the issue but I can't and there's no way to contact them it seems. So sad I might not be able to use it much anymore,5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
267,Melissa Ohara,"February 4, 2023","On my Android the text bar randomly goes to the bottom and can't move it, because of the filter options and then the filters randomly activate and can't remove them. Don't have these issues on my iphone though.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
268,Kadne Thomas,"January 17, 2023",I personally believe it's not that hard to add a dark mode to an app. I don't see a reason why iPhone can get dark mode but android can't? Also there's an annoying bug where it keeps a message in the typing bar every time i open a chat with certain people. other than that its a good app but specifically the lack of dark mode for no apparent reason is really annoying,752 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
269,Donovan Russo,"February 1, 2023","New update shrunk my camera screen and make the filter selection screen pop up whenever I move my finger to the side. Also, if I move a text too low i can't edit it again because it will default to the filter selection.",17 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
270,Sean Younce (ThePaperWarrior),"February 18, 2023",Keeps Crashing while trying to login into my account. Every time I put in my credentials to login it won't say anything and just closes Every time. I have tried everything from clearing the cache to Uninstalling it completely.... nothing works !!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
271,Sean Warner,"February 7, 2023","Still no dark mode. It was quite literally a beta feature in an older version and was removed, but you can't even sign into the old version anymore. It's like they really don't want Android users to have dark mode.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
272,Ariella Trudgeon,"January 14, 2023","Love this! I can contact all my friend and family, and take pictures with filters very easily. If you want to turn your location all the way, go to settings and turn on ghost mode. You can't shut the location off by just pressing turn off in the location section.",299 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
273,Meijer Eskildsen,"February 1, 2023","It's a 3.5-star rating. It would be higher if you gave android users the same features that Apple users have. Such as dark mode, having the option to select what category pops up first, and having your friendship emoji's next to the person profile picture. Other then that, the app is pretty good. I just find it unfair that Android users don't have the same features that Apple users do.",42 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
274,Jerlyn Hirschfeld,"February 1, 2023",After the new update the camera no longer fits my phone screen. It's really annoying and it fit before so I see no reason to switch it. There is a black strip on the top of the screen and it won't go away. I've tryed restarting my phone and uninstalling and reinstalling but nothing works. please fix this,13 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
275,KronkMonk,"February 3, 2023",This recent update is a mess. -Ugly aspect ratio for the camera now -Filters not working at all -Text in snaps are cut off by the aspect ratio now -Pushing the web browser version down my throat every time I launch the app Was great tbh. It de-evolved though.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
276,Neo Philip,"February 20, 2023","This app keeps showing me notifications that someone has uploaded a story, even though I have disabled the notifications with each individual contact I have. I now have to disable notifications with Snapchat from my phone settings which is inconvenient.",0,2,snap_chat
277,Derick Heisler,"January 26, 2023","Z FLIP 4 UPDATE: Just today the app changed so that the bottom 1/3 of my screen on the Z Flip 4 is a black box when taking a picture. Not only is this annoying to look at, but if you try to type text without pressing far enough up on the picture, it just disappears when you're done typing. Horrible change that makes no sense.",170 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
278,Xander Owoseb,"February 19, 2023","I made a voice over several times, and it only plays in snapchat but when I try and export it to share to other apps like whatsapp, the voice over isn't there and only plays the original sound. So annoying. Please FIX!!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
279,Learninglife_as_i_go,"February 2, 2023","I can see others stories but can't add to my story and all of my chats are blank. I can't send or receive chats and everything saved in chat between fam and friends is gone on my end. In 2016 I was randomly logged out for no reason, I thought my photos were backed up but I lost everything. Really hope this gets fixed.",18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
280,Calvin Oktollik,"January 4, 2023","It's an amazing app that I've been using for a couple years now but it has bugged more than a few times. For example, when I log into my snap on my chromebook, it doesnt let me look at certain videos and says that I need to update the app but when I go to update it, it doesn't give me the option. Maybe try look into that?",233 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
281,Dakshata Amburle,"February 4, 2023","I don't like the resent update of Snapchat, the size of screen has became smaller and that is affecting the size of filters. The filter are becoming smaller in size a well. Do something about it.",0,2,snap_chat
282,Dylan mock,"February 5, 2023",I can't grab my text bar from behind the dumb filter courosel. If any typos are made the entire snap needs to be deleted and retyped. As well as if they text bars overlap eachother making it hard to read and still impossible to grab,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
283,Deepika Thakur,"January 25, 2023",It's a good app for chatting with strangers. I like there lenses and filters.you can play games with your friends and you can call or video call your friend. We can use lenses while attending a video call. But there are some bugs and it hangs sometime and stop working. Sometime you can't add your friend or else it keeps loading and loading. Snapchat please fix this bug.,"2,310 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
284,Vaibhav Kalra,"January 29, 2023","Due to latest update, Snapchat camera has improved but the problem is with location filter, earlier we used to click on the location filter and selects the correct location and adjust it up and down as per the requirement but now it is not possible, after a click it opens the text box to add text. Please fix it Snapchat. Android one plus 9 user. Thank You","1,581 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
285,Khushbu Bora,"January 19, 2023","My friends aren't able to save my snap pics and videos in chat even when they are set to no limit and infinite loop. Although I can save theirs. So I guess issue is with my account. Also I tried updating. Logging out, clearing cache and then logging in. Unistalling and installing snapchat again.. but nothing seems to work. I believe this is a bug.","1,400 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
286,Ashton Batterson,"December 28, 2022","Snapchat + has been giving me issues. I feel like when you pay for a service it should work right. The wallpapers keep disappearing after like 8 hours if being in my chats, the custom notification sounds don't even apply. You can select a custom notification sound as many times as you want and there's no way to save it, as soon as you exit, it switches back to default. I wanna use Snapchat + and if I'm gonna pay for it, y'all better fix it.",131 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
287,Cooper,"January 11, 2023","Been using the app for a long time, love it for talking to friends and it has gotten a lot better, but I guess some updates recently have brought up old problems of the camera quality being incredibly downgraded from what the device can capture. It will also cut off any kind of notification update from showing unless I have the app itself open. Im using an S21 Ultra.",469 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
288,Zulaikha,"January 3, 2023","Snapchat is a great way to keep in touch with friends! You can even use it without a SIM card all you need is an Email Adress. Alot of people are saying its laggy on Chromebook, but thats's not the case for me! My only complaint is it's LENSES are really glitchy for me, when i use them it takes about 2 mins for it too work on my face! Please fix this!!! Overall, its a great app and i would recommend it!!! Thank you byeeee!!!",86 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
289,dave Ask,"February 10, 2023",Every time someone logs on it will notify me even though they're not on my buddies list this is very annoying . it has never done this before if there is something I need to change please tell me I have it my settings to only allow my friends to see me on however when somebody logs on that is not on my list it will notify me they are sign in I do not know why it does this but it's very annoying what do I need to do to fix this issue,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
290,blazon skrillec,"January 3, 2023",The app's really good for texting and privacy. Very unique ways of posting stuff. My only problem is that I can no longer send tiktoks as streaks and the videos end up getting cut up in the chat so one can't view coherently. I was able to send the tiktoks as streaks before but lately I haven't been able. Can I get some help with that? Thanks,"1,812 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
291,Jessica,"February 6, 2023","I'm going to stop updating my app because it seems like instead of being improved it's regressing. 1. Why do I have a large black bar at the bottom of my screen now? Literally like 30% of my pic is cut off for no reason. It wasn't a problem before, why is it now? I'm really upset by this. 2. Why in the hell did you take away the option to change the geotag? Sometimes the location is wrong. If it's wrong, I can't fix it by manually typing it in now. I'm going to stop using Snap if this isn't fix",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
292,TwistedSlimVEVO,"February 13, 2023","The story video quality is lowered. Update, Your guy's snapchat story video quality sucks. We dont need compression on our videos it lowers quality and the playback lags you guys dont listen to this at all. Tbh fix it noone is gonna take a platform about sharing with people and contact seriously if it cant even play some videos right. Go back to where story time wasnt restricted. Keeps giving me a blank account when I have two accounts and go to log into the other it just gives me a black screen",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
293,Shea Boland,"December 30, 2022",Gotten worse over time. The ads are incredibly annoying and much more frequent than any other social platform. Snap is also the only social app that forces you to watch an ad in order to continue watching the content you want. I'd much rather have a 30 second ad at the beginning of some content I want to watch rather than 8 5 second unskippable ads that break it up. Only reason this isn't getting a single star is because I enjoy the idea of not having 'posts' that people can see at any point.,123 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
294,Hidajeta Hajrizaj,"February 4, 2023","It always lags on my phone but I do not know if it's because I have a Samsung but please fix the bug. The bug includes Snapchat not taking pictures, not being able to watch stories or spotlights and having to uninstall and reinstall the app multiple times",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
295,Aram Hovhannisyan,"February 4, 2023","After the last update there is a huge issue. When I open the app, the camera is diplayed partially on the screen, the bottom and upper part of the screen are black and reinstalling didn't help.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
296,Samurai Gaming,"February 10, 2023","This is a great app, and I highly suggest downloading it if you want to talk to friends or family lr with peol Ple around the world. But I have got two things that I've seen and that I agree on. One: dark mode for android so that it isn't as bright at night when it's dark in your room. Two: pin people on android, so when there is someone special, you don't have to scroll through your contacts to look for them. These small changes would make a huge difference for android users.",14 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
297,Muhaymin,"February 2, 2023","Why is the camera viewfinder smaller all of a sudden? Also I can't send flashbacks anymore. If I post it, it posts as if I've posted from today rather than saying when from. Bitmoji suggestions are also appearing on top of other people's stories! Also how is camera quality still very bad? It should use default camera API.",558 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
298,Jackson Springer,"February 2, 2023",The black bars on the bottom and top of the screen are a joke is useless and annoying to deal with because of it moving the place where I put the caption every time either revert to the old design or give up.,12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
299,Mary,"February 12, 2023","The app is extremely entertaining. What I like the most is its camera filters. The reason for giving 3 stars is that their no criteria to check an account and his followers and friends. Or simply their should be a date of joining Snapchat community in the profile so that genuine and fake accounts could be distinguished. Recently, someone has been sending inappropriate messages to me and my near ones using my name. It was really damaging to my repute.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
300,Skye Gibbens,"February 15, 2023","Android Poor Experience. Would really love to have dark mode like apple users have had for over a year. And why does the camera quality look so terrible? The normal camera on the phone takes great pics, but on snap apple users will poke fun at us for the poor quality. Where's our features?! Now loading old saved memories is super glitchy",56 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
301,Lois Ramey,"February 11, 2023",Not everything about this app is bad the social stuff is good if you can get the app to not reject you from signing up and talking with friends doesn't require a SIM card you just connect with them and face filters are awesome the only thing I don't like is how long it takes for you to sign up,8 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
302,Jacob Williams,"January 19, 2023","Solid app overall. I use it to talk to friends and send videos to said friends with iPhones mostly. I don't care about how trash the camera processing is (using it on a Pixel 6, it still looks like garbage 9/10 times). I usually end up taking a picture then posting it from my camera roll. What really bothers me is the fact that iphones have had dark mode for nearly two years, yet Androids get nothing. It's not difficult. Just give us dark mode",206 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
303,Chala Doonn,"February 5, 2023",I didn't have issues until your last update. My app freezes and bugs out with the filters all the time. I have to delete snaps I take bc this app freezes with them as soon as I try to use a filter.,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
304,Katie Thompson,"February 2, 2023","When snaps are taken on androids they send pixely. Also as of today (02.02.23) when the camera is open, the bottom of the app is black right up to the capture button, whereas before it was a full screen image.",581 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
305,Tyana G,"February 1, 2023","Snap keeps saying that I opened a message when I didnt, false notifications, slow message sending, and when I screenshot someone else's convo, it says I screenshoted a diff person's convo. Fix it. New note added 2023- now the camera screen shrunk and its a huge black space at the bottom that makes it hard to add text bc it gets stuck behind the filters. I'm starting to hate this app",86 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
306,Brianna Klopfenstein,"February 10, 2023","I give a 4.5 because sometimes you messaged won't send untill after a while but overall the filters, everything is great idea recommended not to use this app untill you a mature and about 15-16 like I am!! There a bunch of weird people on there but like I said this app is great they have new updates that are okay but still good. It's a great way to meet new people and learn about new people and what they like to do and where they are from also what's their culture is all about💙.",144 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
307,Eddie Shoemaker,"January 18, 2023","The thought of actually developing a proper android version of the app is apparently an insult to the devs. Also, features that are either necessary or that I end up reliant on, if they're even implemented at all, are frequently removed as silently and randomly as they were added, sometimes permanently (i.e. favorited lenses in the carousel, voice changer in the snap edit, etc.) Only use it because I can't export lenses.",136 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
308,Remus,"February 13, 2023","I do like the app very much, I use it more than I use my actual message app. But I hate the fact that there isn't any dark mode for Android. I switched back to Android recently and it's extremely annoying. Please add dark mode for Android phones",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
309,Evie Wilkinson,"February 19, 2023","It's fun to send texts to people, call and send photos but the only thing is when I get Snapchat premium, I can't set it onto dark mode because App Appearance isn't on my Settings. Hope you enjoy!",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
310,Jeanelle,"February 2, 2023","From the new update, I lose like a solid half inch of screen at the top in the camera view. Is this to make snaps the same dimensions across phones? Because I have a S22 Ultra and I was perfectly ok with the old version. Changes in dimensions between users worked fine for me. This makes my phone feel like one I've had back in 2010 with fat bezels.",11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
311,BRUHLIN 21,"December 25, 2022","apps amazing, it's rlly an app that basically everyone call use any age. And I think it's good! memories are also something that it's very useful. But there's only one thing that's missing. Albums!! if that was something added to snap then that would be very useful, since now u can browse your photos sorted in albums. so that's my suggestion.",131 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
312,Irithylle Nichole,"February 4, 2023",Cannot give this a 5 stars because of how many bots and scammers there are on this app. Love the layout and structure of the app. Organized pretty much you can save your favorite lens. Also love the new stuff they added with the experimental features. But you guys have got to do a better job of monitoring your app 👎🏻,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
313,Kaci Cooper,"February 2, 2023",I've had this app since 2013 and the camera has always taken up the whole screen... that is until now. They changed the aspect ratio and now there's a black bar at the bottom. I absolutely hate it.,12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
314,Regina Maria,"February 11, 2023","Snapchat is so bad after the newest update. I can't login using my email, username, or phone #. My phone's device care report notifies me with a message stating: ""Snapchat closed because this app has a bug. Try updating this app after its developer provides a fix for this error."" It also says it's crashing too much & automatically puts the app into a deep sleep. I emailed support providing screenshots showing all of this & no reply. In April I'll have had Snap for 10 years. Will this be fixed?!",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
315,Blussen,"December 17, 2022",Great app to use if you want to talk to friends or send videos and pictures seamlessly between eachother. Lots of bots and random accounts trying to contact you plague the app making it bad for kids or younger people to use. Glitches are very rampant due to contant updates that often times change the UI interface which forces you to learn new layouts and never truly get comfortable with one that was already fully functionable. Big to small discrepencies between apple and android versions aswell.,168 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
316,Kevin H.,"February 12, 2023","Well I'm being nice and raising the rating because the privacy issue seems to be fix. I now have another issue and that is with the app interfering with taking screenshots of another screen on the phone while Snapchat is open in the background. I was trying to screenshot my notifications screen to then send to the person I was texting with on Snapchat and while it did screenshot the correct screen, Snapchat (in our conversation) falsely noted that I had screenshot the conversation.",39 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
317,Moodlez,"February 9, 2023",Whatever they tried to do in the new update failed completely. The app is basically unusable now. 98% of the time I can't be on it longer than 3 seconds before it crashes and kicks me out. Really wish I could give 0 stars,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
318,Prince Afigo,"January 20, 2023","I was opportuned to come across this app on an iOS device and realized that the Android app is less optimezed and has lesser features. No dark mode even after all major applications across all devices now have them, media sent as chats don't have a seek bar, no progress bars when viewing stories. Instead, we got ads like that's what the app was built for. I love that it has nice privacy features, but the experience is a big turn off. And the ""...is typing"" notification is unnecessary too","2,011 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
319,Nacho Wheeler,"February 3, 2023","You need to fix the black bar at the top of my camera, it popped up randomly, I thought it was my phone, so I updated, restarted, and factory rest my phone, but to my disappointment, it wasn't fixed. My sister had just gotten this issue too.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
320,Anandu Anilkumar,"February 3, 2023","So many bugs it's ridiculous on Android , the stupid black bar at the bottom and top , the camera quality is shockingly bad even though android cameras can be just as good as iOS . They app is so much slower and they can't even give us dark mode.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
321,Ally Cross,"January 4, 2023","I use snapchat a lot and it typically runs well, only ever a few bugs here and there, but I've recently been looking into smart watches and found out that I can't get snapchat on any smart watch since it isn't optimized for it. It would be nice if they fixed that considering that snapchat is my main way of communicating with certain people and I want to at least be able to view and respond to messages even if I can't view stories or images.",338 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
322,Jui Kamble,"February 7, 2023","The app is very well but the thing I hate about this app is that we can only change our username only once like but why , this feature is not cool at all, what is somebody typed their username name inappropriate or by mistake this happen instead of one year it must be for 1 month. Please approve this review. And also I would like to say about stories when you click that story button your friends story will be in a circle and down there inappropriate content so please have a look for it",0,2,snap_chat
323,Alim Huwladar,"February 19, 2023",Pretty great and simple app. But the one thing that makes me annoyed is that there isn't a dark mode feature on android. I'd love to see a new update for this. Thank you! And totally recommended if you want cute filters when taking pictures and people to talk to.,3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
324,Tamara Makarov,"February 4, 2023","It's annoying because if you try to listen to a voice note while the person is texting you, as soon as they send the message you're sent back down the convo and you have to restart the voice note.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
325,Lorralee S,"January 29, 2023","App unexpectly freezes and closes out of the application. One time it wiped 2.5 years of all my photos and memories I can't get back now. Been having problems with it for quite some time. Exiting and re-entering the app does nothing, all of the updates are current and I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling. Wish they would fix this.",55 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
326,Nimra Aslam,"February 4, 2023",It used to be a very good app but now a days I am facing some problems while using it. Sometimes it stops responding and the other times it shows the notifications for the past messages and streaks.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
327,Bowen Schleis (Bowen ?),"February 18, 2023",Great app. Usually I wouldn't rate a social media app this high because of moderation and stuff. But Snapchat is really good. I've never had any problems with it. (EDIT) I rating 3 stars now because it randomly logs me out when I'm in calls and stuff and sometimes the app crashes,13 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
328,Wyatt Ledoux,"January 12, 2023",Awful grey bar at the bottom of the screen covers other people's messages. The new filter bar prevents you from editing messages if you accidentally put them on the lower part of the screen. The new delete text feature randomly deletes what you type all the time. Amazing new features 😍 great job team!,382 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
329,Alexys Raczka,"January 24, 2023","The tiniest thing bugs me. It was updated last night, and I opened it up and took a picture. The camera doesn't fill the screen and the picture that's taken doesn't fill the screen either. It has black sections over the picture. What good is a big phone if the pictures all have to be cropped and won't fill the screen. Does it make sense to anybody?",158 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
330,nyx,"February 15, 2023","it takes way too much storage, you can't just get a 70mb update with just fixed bugs while other apps give us a 8mb update with interface changes. why make those bugs in the first place? I know many people that uninstalled it because of this problem and i think im gonna do the same soon..",102 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
331,Prashant Kataria,"February 3, 2023",In this latest update current one there are so many issues. One of them is all the stories are now playing in an auto view manner . No way to skip someone's story . In earlier versions if we click on someone's story icon then we can watch the story . Second birthday minis has been removed .....,10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
332,vishal verma,"February 15, 2023",Unable to take pictures in my device one plus 9 pro very bad experience. Not able to take pictures every time i click not show the image clicked but when i do something else immediately clicks pic of something else looking for the fix.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
333,Nicole Bornick,"February 13, 2023","Ever since the newest updat there is a black boarder around the screen when the camera is open, it is ruining the picture as well as the quality. The camera now seems to be slower, I do have a Samsung galaxy s21 I hope this isn't just bc the phone I have because that would just be even more annoying, please fix this snapchat I've been using this app forever and I do love it.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
334,Ted Sarge,"February 18, 2023","Honestly, I do like snapchat for my family and friends to stay in touch; however, the app blatantly favors Apple users, and I don't think that I'm alone in saying that every ""update"" makes the app worse. There is still no dark mode for Android, and now today they ruined the camera aspect and added black bar to the bottom of the camera, virtually making the app unusable.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
335,Lauren Doyle,"February 2, 2023",Was doing good with Snapchat But now it seems that the camera screen has shrunk and that there is a blank box at the bottom it's really hard to deal with. It seems to be a bug. Hopefully this bug shall be fixed asap,12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
336,Adam Arnbladh,"February 6, 2023",For some reason the app is half the size of my screen and it goes the same for the camera. It started with the camera being small on the photos but now the whole app is half the size of my screen. I deleted the app and i installed it but didn't work i also forced stopped it and turn of the camera permission but didn't help. Y'all need to fix this ASAP,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
337,Kayla Bolton,"February 4, 2023","Invasive of one's privacy, overloaded with suggested sponsors; and full of filters catering to unrealistic beauty standards. There are very few reasons to use this messaging app. Not worth the privacy risk since Instagram is part of Metaverse.",0,2,snap_chat
338,Sarahbeth T,"February 12, 2023",I'm about to delete Because I get friends suggestions all night and it's so annoying. I turned off all the extra stuff but I still want snaps from my friends. Can we have a snooze option. Or just stop giving me friends suggestions. I don't want strangers. Just friends.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
339,Nani G,"February 13, 2023",I am really mad because when I take a video using the new feature where it pauses it freezes and then FULL ON DELETES MY VIDEOS I've been using snapchat for 4 years now and this just started occurring and it happens quite often and some of these videos are so hard to make and then it just deletes them,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
340,Alexandra Dixon,"December 10, 2022","Let's be real: When are you going to fix the fact that it's nearly impossible to manipulate photos - whether trying to draw or attempting to place a sticker - under (or really just anywhere near) the toolbar? Or are you just going to continue to ignore such an UNBELIEVABLY frustrating hindrance, that would take little to no effort to fix, so that it can continue plaguing this app for eternity? Simply place the toolbar off of the photo or make it moveable when editing. AND Add zoom for editing.",71 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
341,ᴀʀᴀꜱᴜ,"February 17, 2023",The app has some bugs...if the other person openy snap...the time are changing...not showing the correct time of snap opened...some times the filters are not working...the app is lagging sometimes...and the dark mode is need badly for Snapchat... thank you,0,2,snap_chat
342,Gavin Canfield,"December 12, 2022","Looking through your friends stories now ejects you to a story on the discover page once your done with friends. Awful, terrible feature that shows off the worst part of Snapchat (it's discovery page) Edit: Another annoying addition has been added recently. Now the memories icon has a little alert badge every day even if you don't have a memory from that day. Now it just recommends a random memory. Terrible decision. Totally unwanted.",65 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
343,Avanti Krishnan,"December 19, 2022","Snapchat didn't have a problem until recently, I switched to a new phone and now a few of my photos that I have SAVED in my memories are glitching. They literally look like the old television glitch instead of showing me MY PHOTO. See this becomes a problem when I might have actually had a good photo and shapchat loses it. This is not fine. I want this problem to be cleard as soon as possible thank you.",80 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
344,Leah marie,"February 5, 2023",Snapchat is one of most genious apps ive ever used ever! They make me come outta my shell n make believe stories come to life!! I even had a filter the huge frown dissapear & i WROTE THEM A DIRECT MESSAGE not a review and voila it reappeared. That means a human is actually working behind the scenes and care about our wants n needs. Ive been reading or should i say skimming the same old boring reviews that arent even valid or shouldnt count against their score because these are just kinks to fix!,9 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
345,Steven B,"February 4, 2023",I have this app as a way to message through the internet if I don't have cell service... so not often. Snapchat doesn't care though. If I don't get a message during the day Snapchat will send me a notification about a public story I dont care about. When I swipe away the notification another appears after I close my phone and repeats for like five times. I've turned these notifications off multiple times but they still happen. It also wants to add my old work contacts that I deleted off my phone,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
346,Ash,"December 25, 2022","Pretty okay if you use a single account. I use multiple accounts for different things and i have to say, the amount of times i had to uninstall and install the app back into my phone because i couldn't log out/get to the login screen because it was frozen and restarting my phone didn't work, is annoying. Then you have to re-log into every account and then do the same few days later when it inevitably happens again. Sometimes i get logged out in general for no reason and cannot sign back in.",115 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
347,Khaddy,"February 1, 2023","I've had this app for years. I wanted to play a game with my friend like we do sometimes, but...this time the little rocket that launches the game isn't there. I restarted the app, updated the app, and closed it multiple times. This is truly disappointing. Snapchat please fix this.",8 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
348,Ahmad Hassan,"December 24, 2022","Overall app experience is good but when it comes to manage your friendlist then it is totally a mess. For example I have like 1000+ friends on Snapchat (added them to increase my snapscore) ,now I want to remove them and there is no option for me to unfriend them other than to hold every single friend label and then the options popup and I remove them individually.I would love to have the option to select multiple people at a time and then remove them or do anything else.",45 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
349,Bella Kaloz,"January 15, 2023","Hey Snapchat, I have an idea for a feature you should add to the app. Add a setting within the app to disable the stories and the reels section for those who do NOT want anything but the texting portion. The app has become such a toxic suction of human attention, and there really should be an optional feature to stop displaying either of these or both",302 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
350,Lindsey lee,"January 24, 2023",I have had snapchat for a while now and I have enjoyed it although it never auto updates and then it becomes extremely difficult to use the app. Currently It won't even let me update or install the app. Now little bugs pop up here and there and I know exactly what to do but it does get annoying when it is happening every other day and I dont get to use the app like I normally do. Love the concept and whatnot but there should be more restrictions and they should fix alot of things.,67 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
351,Cindy Couturier,"February 9, 2023","I've had Snapchat since 2013 and the most recent update that was done in February has completely ruined the entire application. Always crashing, can't focus, can barely use its own functions of texts when sending pics.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
352,Suchith Kumar,"January 20, 2023","When using gesture navigation in Android devices, we swipe from left or right edge of the screen to go back. In the app, there seems to be a bug, where swipe from left edge works but swipe from right edge doesn't. As a right hander, this is irritating. Kindly look into it.",98 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
353,Rebecka Knight,"February 17, 2023",All of a sudden it has been recommending me people's stories and people to add. I don't want.to add anyone or even watch some random woman's story. I like what I see already and do not want to get notificati9ns unless someone texts me. It's sad snap is not going to fix this are they.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
354,Romeo,"February 19, 2023",Instagram has the snapchat system down better than snapchat. It's sad. I have an s21 Ultra and it makes my camera look like absolute cheeks & for the 4th year now the flash still doesn't match with when the picture is taken (the app not my phone). This is just one of many issues (2/7/21). Update: It's now 2/19/23 I would like to say the app has improved significantly however.... ITS STILL MISSING DARK MODE IN 2023? This has to be a joke. SMH.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
355,Andrew Patterson,"February 2, 2023",Sense the new update there is a black bar at the bottom of the camera messing up the aspect ratio of the camera even when you save the photo there is a black bar moving the entire picture about an inch up the screen on my s21.,12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
356,Anna Maria,"January 6, 2023","w/ all these updates, snaps just kept getting worse. also the amount of ads that keep popping up is insane. I can't scroll through ONE story without getting 5 ads. 👎🏼as well as putting the sliding filters in circles at the bottom of the screen after a snap is taken. this GREATLY minimizes the space of the snap and is overall an inconvenience. this might be a personal concern but im not getting any stickers other than cameos and emojis and i didnt even set up my cameo. overall unimpressed",319 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
357,Marissa Smith,"February 2, 2023",About a year ago all my music disappeared off of my saved snaps. I emailed several time and still nothing. Today I install the update and it no longer works. Get it together SC!! Over it and time to just delete the app all together.,7 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
358,Nikolaus Engh,"February 5, 2023",It's very annoying that the text bar gets placed right behind the row of filters (which I've never really understood why is there nor used). I then can't move the text.,0,2,snap_chat
359,Payton Bennet,"February 8, 2023","It's a great app, all though. I have run into some issues but other than that it's a amazing app to keep in touch with ur friends! I recommend downloading it it has no ads at all!!!",32 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
360,Miandavrps,"January 3, 2023","The app itself is overall great but Snapchat has a problem where it will tell you your credentials are incorrect and make u put them in many times. this leads to not being able to log back in on that device saying that ylthey have detected some suspicious activity or something along those lines. I can log into my account on any device but my own, as seems to have been ""blacklisted""",94 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
361,Mike Burr,"February 17, 2023","There is an awful bitmoji sticker at the bottom of stories, it is covering story text. The filters on snaps are also in the way and crowding the UI; I always accidentally select the filters",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
362,Shuukiii,"January 22, 2023","Dear Snapchat, I really love the app and features, in fact, I use it daily to talk to my friends and family, uploads stories and experiment with the many filters on the app, HOWEVER I have one problem, it's been bothering me since I first got Snapchat back in 2018, the quick add suggestions, I tried to find every way possible to turn it off, it's not working, idk if it's just me who is experiencing this but please do leave an option in settings to turn off the quick add feature itself : )",502 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
363,Asneet Marok,"February 17, 2023",From the last days Snapchat is working very badly. When I open sc it took a lot of time of open and sometimes it's not responding and whenever I make video on any sound it stops in between sound quality was very bad plz fix this features as soon as possible,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
364,Nicholas Lindsay,"February 4, 2023","I have a S22 Ultra. Why can't Snapchat simply optimize the camera for a popular phone when that's the entire point of the app e.g. SNAPchat. Secondly, it used to optimize the photo to a point( keep in mind, not at all close to what my phones camera app does) and it was fine but then when I'm snap replying it doesn't optimize it so I'd like to have the snap reply optimized as well idk how that was overlooked but please fix that and I also the new aspect ratio is illogical.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
365,Kahlan Bardney,"December 20, 2022","Update sucks, I can no longer disable notifications. It gives me a small selection of notification options but the tab that says ""enable notifications"" is no longer available. I play a lot of app games and use GPS etc so the notifications are annoying because I'm in several group chats. Also the new feature that doesn't allow you to use the selfie light and have night mode sucks like why can't I use both anymore.",64 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
366,Mik,"January 25, 2023","The app for conversation is fine but anything other than texting and pics isn't great. Poor camera optimization for Android, this has been an issue for years now. No dark mode (even with phone on dark mode), app crashes at least once a day, can feel unresponsive at times. There are nice features, snapmaps is goofy and being able to change your username is nice but none of these cater to Android users specifically. Only reason I have this installed is so many people rely on it for conversation.",121 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
367,Edith Sayers,"February 11, 2023",The app disappears I have no idea why. I love the app and have had a ot of fun with it. Seems strange to me.the app will not load. I did not remove it. I started to open it and the app was gone. I am not allowed to reload an no explanation was ever give or emailed. Nothing to explain the reason for removal or not allowing me to reload.,4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
368,Mike F,"February 17, 2023","Pop-ups demand to send notifications every time I open or switch to the app, even if I've only tabbed out for a few seconds. It sporadically forces me to log in again. The curated content is almost all trash. Literally the only reason I occasionally install the app is to weed out the sex workers from dating apps. 80% of users who list a Snapchat use it for advertising prostitution. Not shaming sex workers at all - it's just not what I'm looking for. I'm shaming Snapchat because it's terrible.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
369,Akarsh Chaturvedi,"January 4, 2023","I noticed that if a person has multiple friends and friends share them chats and snaps on a regular basis or if a user itself share the snaps to his or her friend by using shortcut of selecting all the friend list. Then in this case if person received some chat from a friend, it goes drop down in the list and difficult to find the unread chats and unseen snaps from the friend. I believe you should introduce the feature in which you should give a user a filter where we can see the unread chats.",71 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
370,Darw00d,"February 3, 2023","I love the app, I just dont like how you look at a friend's story and after it's finished, it automatically jumps to random videos from ""Discover"" feeds. Is there a way to disable that?",9 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
371,Miles Gaming_yt,"February 14, 2023","Amazing results I didn't wanted to install it on my iPhone But a few months later I dropped my iPhone It broke. So, I thought of buying a new phone And I had no more than 500$ on me I bought an android It is good it works perfectly but It has a flippin camera it won't take any good pics I downloaded it and would recommend it highly",5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
372,Shea Jungewaelter,"February 8, 2023","I am rating this one star, because just recently on my chromebook the app keeps closing on its own and I have done everything possible to fix it. But it works perfectly fine on a phone and I don't know what the problem is.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
373,Fish,"February 3, 2023","I absolutely hate the new update on android. I cant take pictures in full screen now and completely ruined my streak pictures, and whenever i save my pictures it gives a thick black bar at the bottom of my pictures. Fix this now!!",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
374,Gennifer Miller,"February 9, 2023","It loses a star because when I go out of the app and back into it, anything I've typed into the text box is often gone. I'm chatting with people while I'm at work, I don't always have time to finish the message right away.",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
375,vishnu panchal,"February 1, 2023","It's nice app specially the app focuses on privacy. it doesn't show online or seen time ,but why the app showss in charm that u and ur friend sharing a mutual friend. I think it's also a privacy point. So..... Please remove that.",70 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
376,Abhishek Raghuwanshi,"February 2, 2023","It's not okay that I didn't download my precious photos that I took with my Snapchat camera and didn't download them to my camera roll to keep them private, but I did save them which got deleted automatically Not only that photo, my photos and videos from 13 October to 29 November 2022 have been deleted. help keep my trust in Snapchat",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
377,Anthony S,"January 25, 2023",The new view profile send profile picture bar on the bottom page blocks some of the snaps and makes it hard to see everything in the snap and you can't minimize it. Snapchat really knows how to get in the way of viewing and make things difficult. I hope you guys keep making this worse so that I quit and get my time back. Update and no change.,141 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
378,Alex Hossack,"February 6, 2023",The dumb box at the bottom when viewing snapchat stories and the bitmoji's that pop up obscure the view of the stories and makes it annoying to view. I'd prefer if there was an option to disable it but there's not.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
379,Myles Scurlock,"February 7, 2023","Would give 5 stars but android doesn't receive near as many added features as IOS. Some iPhone users also say they have a dark mode now, which android also doesn't have. Seems like the developers prefer iPhone and only give them real updated features. Update: Some features have finally been added, but we still have no dark mode all this time later.",923 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
380,Melia Samson,"February 2, 2023",my camera shrunk and there's a big black box at the top of my screen now which is annoying. and now when I go to use text on my snaps it defaults to the bottom behind the filters and I can't move it around or edit it after I click out.,12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
381,Sarah Christopher,"February 3, 2023","Fix it for android phone the camera sucks now there is a giant black bar across the bottom ""fixing"" the screen. It's worse. We get half the features Apple does so at the Very Least. Fix the camera screen.",4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
382,The Banana Man,"February 6, 2023","Everytime i type text on an image my text get stuck under the newly added filter bar. So cuz i literally cant click or drag my text to either delete it or edit it, i often have to delete the picture and take a new one to ""edit"" the text.",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
383,Thomas Lewis,"January 30, 2023","Account got temporarily disabled for an unknown reason, then someone opts to delete my account and I'm locked out from logging in to stop the deletion. I've tried changing my password, unlocking from the web, contacting support, nothing. Y'all need to get your stuff together because this is annoying",11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
384,TheRaggedyJedi,"February 19, 2023","It was fine, but then the most recent update added this huge black space at the bottom of my screen and now I can't add the standard text to my snaps because it just disappears into that huge black space? Bring back my full screen camera dammit",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
385,J R,"January 15, 2023","Some of the filters keep glitching. When opening snap chat now it keeps coming up ""add friends"". Anyone else having this problem? Keyboard is also coming up now. Update. I now can't view my own story. If I could give less than 1 I would. Can't view my story or conversations. Deleted and reinstalled, cleared cache,. Still not working",174 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
386,April,"December 13, 2022","Keeps freezing and not opening since new phone. Have to restart my phone everytime I use Snap. Month later, camera still freezing in app, need to restart phone and always loosing game streaks as it happens when you open a game streaks but won't load. (Still experiencing these issues 2 months later. It needs some serious updates/maintenance). Now freezes everytime I open the app. March 2021- still the same, nothing fixed, even with every update. June 2021: Freezes every time app opened.",494 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
387,Angel Bhatia,"February 3, 2023",Overall its excellent but I didn't liked the black bar on the top and bottom thats worst... I need my snapchat to be as same as it was as first... This is just waste.. To add black bar. I think there is a need to fix it..,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
388,Smart Corner,"February 8, 2023","Its a good app. But you know what, I've forgot my account's password . If i try to change it, it asks mobile numbr or e-mail id verification. My mobile number was not the same that I had when created the account and coming to E-mail id, i didn't provide one! If i need to change mobile number or provide e-mail id, it again asks password! God please try a solution for my problem . I dont wanna lose thiss account because i have a lot of memories in this account. Try to understand , please!",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
389,Miina _,"February 17, 2023",The camera has a black square at the bottom now which is annoying since it makes the camera smaller and sometimes when I add text it goes under the black box and cant be seen... really wish you guys would fix this and remove the big square!,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
390,Pirati Radha,"February 10, 2023","I am using snap since 2020 , it used to be quit good and I used to like the app but now I don't know what happened but I am not able to send any snap or chat to all my friends.The app is hanging a lot and it had became very difficult to use it.Though I updated it ,there is no use. I request you to fix the bugs and solve this , if you fix this it will be the best app in social media",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
391,Hannah McGee,"February 16, 2023",Its my main communication to my friends right now and it works great. Sometimes the video doesn't work but I just exit out of the app and open it again and it works fine. I love it! It works great!,25 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
392,Susan Spurlock,"February 16, 2023","I can message all of my friends daily and check what their doing in their lives. If you don't have a phone number this app if really good for you. I literally can not stop getting on this app. You can subscribe to different people and you can message your friends whenever and wherever as long as you have service. If your a younger kid or a parent this app is good for you and your kids. They can talk to their friends. They can send photos, message, face talk, and call all on one app. I recommend.",20 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
393,Amber Nichols,"February 1, 2023",I used to be able to save videos in my chat but it no longer let's me save videos that I send. No matter the length or who it's to. It randomly just stopped allowing me to save them. Android Samsung s22,4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
394,Elwi,"January 25, 2023",Pls fix the bug where the text just drops all the way down and u can't place it higher because anytime u touch that part of the screen filter choices come up. It's really annoying when i write or take a cool snap but the text gets stuck in the bottom and there is no way to get it out of there.,120 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
395,Callum Emery,"February 15, 2023","Add a dark mode. It was promised over 3 years ago and is still nowhere to be seen. Every single other major social application e.g. Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, alongside almost every other app on my phone supports dark mode and has done for years. Snapchat not having dark mode adds to its horrendously high battery usage, and damages the eyes whenever used in dim environments. Snapchat is horrible to use on Android compared to iOS and I will be leaving and deleting the app.",672 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
396,Swati Sucharita,"January 24, 2023",It's filter are great and even texting with new friends hve also a great . overall is soo good app but the only issue is that when we try to remove a lot of people from our friend list we would had to do go to each profile nd do it individually which is a lots of time consuming task .. it's my humble request that a option should be there to remove multiple people at a time .. hope in nxt update we will find it or soon,"1,657 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
397,Fahiima ahmed,"February 16, 2023",This app isn't cool. because of 2 reasons. The first reason is if I screenshot or call or like do anything like that it will tell ur friend and that is absolutely not cool. The second reason why I hate this app is because you can't export a video to snapchat that is more than 61 seconds. Those seconds are too less for me. If you change those two things I'll absolutely be the first person to cheer you guys up on snapchat. I won't rate it because I hate it.,7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
398,Beth,"January 27, 2023",I can't edit text if I put it too low!!! I can't even access the text now on a snap if it's at the bottom because of the stupid new feature to change folters on a picture. If I could give this app zero stars I would for this. It's so frustrating!!!!,13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
399,Natasha Maini,"February 9, 2023","Sometimes i open the app and everthing just freezes(nothings wrong with my device) i open the app again and again but still its the same, i tap at the chats or anything it just doesnot open! This has happened to me two times already and it only starts working properly after i download the app again and then log in again ....other than this everything is great but PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
400,Zareef Kabir,"January 31, 2023","my camera is not full screen. in addition the photo quality is shockingly poor. I have reinstalled, factory reset phone. Changed all possible settings but still no fix. I logged onto another account an the problem went away however on this main account the camera is still not working properly. Had my phone for over a year with no problems. The camera should be able to reach the top of the screen not cut underneath the search bar",29 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
401,Mary Jobe,"February 15, 2023","Snachat always seemed to work really well, until just now, it has a black boarder around my camera and it is incredibly frustrating, but won't go away and I can't find away to fix it, this was a very bad idea snapchat!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
402,Anish Kumar4260,"January 21, 2023","The worst experience is of adding a song in snap. There are no popular songs available in app and when i want to upload them from my camera roll, it always block the sound. Then you should add it yourself😡. If i am allowed to abuse here, i will use every bad word i know. It's a long time i had complained about the add music feature, but i have got no solution.",16 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
403,Nightmare,"January 2, 2023","I personally love the app, however I wish there was a way that I could stop messages from sending after a specific time, and I don't mean just manually turning some off, it happens every ex. Monday-Friday after 5. It sucks having my phone turn on every time my friends send a message to me in groupchats or DMs. Though there are ways around this issue, I'm just lazy lol.",92 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
404,Sunita Shete,"February 10, 2023",I think I have installed this app a year ago and it was so good...but recently tried to open this app and the app said that clear all your running apps and I did that 2 times...after some time I again tried to open the app and it said to login or sign up. I loged in they said that the password is incorrect I tried it 2-3 times THE SAME PROBLEM IS THERE please fix this problem. Beacase I have too many friends on snapchat....,7 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
405,Dave H,"December 27, 2022","Too many notifications from your team. I like notifications for friends, but not from you. Can you make it so we can select who we get notifications from? I don't really want to hear about filters every day, it is just spam to me. Check out the lens everyone's talking about!... NO, do one! All the adverts for buying drugs are great though, I guess you could get more stars for that aspect of the app. I do like drugs, but you don't send notifications for that.",156 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
406,Taylor Tanay,"January 28, 2023","Update sucks. All of a sudden, my camera has huge gaps on the top and bottom. I tap to add text, and it automatically goes to the bottom and i can't adjust it becuase it is right where the filters are and it only changes the filter. It wont move the text. Update was absolute trash",63 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
407,Quaid Wilhite,"January 25, 2023","The camera is no longer full screen, there are black bars at the top and the bottom when you open the camera up. I have done everything from clearing cache and data, to unistalling the app and nothing helps. It's like the app doesn't support full screen no more. Just in regards to the camera.",132 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
408,Javaria Zulfiqar,"February 1, 2023","Earlier i had a great experience with Snapchat but since yesterday Snapchat is showing some issues. My camera shows edges, there is a big black srtip on the top of screen. Earlier camera shows on full screen but now edges shows on top of screen. It is really irritating... After the update my problem is still not solved. disgusting!!",12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
409,Ray Bihlmaier,"February 2, 2023",Most used app. But Im frequently bothered by the fact that my messages don't update or send unless I turn my wifi off and back on. Also since the new update camera quality is garbage as well as the stupid black outline bars.,46 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
410,ZEM (frostykitty),"December 15, 2022","Please make an option to turn off quick add. Its just thousands of people who I don't know and I don't want to find out, it clutters the page, and is absolutely useless to the majority of people. At least have it only on a certain page rather than the main area where you messages and conversations are.",31 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
411,Ashvini Sase,"January 16, 2023",This is a very bad app!! literally because of this app my mobile was lag every day and when I clicked a snap then my photos atomaticly delete and when I tried to send snap to anyone it just doesn't work and again my phone would hang!! And when I tried to get a filter then 10-20 min later that filter come!! I was literally mad!! Cause of this application!!,132 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
412,Shona Colman,"January 5, 2023","Ideal for young children/teenagers, updates are rather childish witht he games and the 3d bitmojis, No need fo reels as no one looks at them, i would opt out of using it if so many people my age didnt use it as their primary source of messaging. There should also be an option to not be able to see everyones location. If i dont want to want to know where people are id like to be able to remove the temptation.",43 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
413,Natalie Pharis,"February 16, 2023",The camera stops working and closes the app. It's a 3 in difficulty as it requires you to be Snapchat savvy if you forget how to use it. It shows directions one time at sign up. The pictures are high quality and it has new updates with filters frequently. There's a bunch of a scammers claiming to be sugar mommas etc. It is a fun experience and allows you to have the maximum experience with whomever. It does get adult rated so supervision is required when around children.,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
414,Alec Vastardis,"January 27, 2023","The action/navigation bar at the bottom of the screen is a dumb and irritating addition after the new update. This is a photo sharing app and theres a permanent obstruction on every single photo and blocks the majority of caption locations. This is a completely unaware and intrusive ""improvement""",43 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
415,Tanishi Goyal,"January 26, 2023","Sometimes I feel like this app is not at all safe and secure which is true. The functions and features are totally trash, nothing makes sense in snapchat for real. Secondly some filters are cute and aesthetic with which I agree, but !!! They are also so fake I mean the filter is ok but there is so much work done with our faces while taking snaps it doesn't even show our real faces, totally fake. Looking at my snaps it looks like I have done plastic surgery. SNAPCHAT BE REALL !!!",67 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
416,Alex Jensen,"January 30, 2023","Not a fan at all of the new screen view, where I used to tap to text is now not in the picture and also usually the texts ends up under the filters and if I try to fix something it is impossible to get back to the text box. Switch it back!",45 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
417,Jayden Skinner,"January 27, 2023","Still unoptimised for Android. They've always preferred Apple products and it's starting to get ridiculous. No higher frames than 30, the app still records your camera screen rather than utilising the camera, and I know this is a bit niche but their ""solution"" for the weird aspect ratios is to just crop your viewpoint yo an Apple standard and leave you with big chunks of black on the screen. I'm sick of it being second best for no reason other than its not an Apple phone",410 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
418,Blue_wolfy _playZ,"January 31, 2023",My chats will completely disappear. Specifically I mean yes I can see the people and yes I can go into the chats and it works at first but then I'll leave the app and return because I got a message and then it's just not there. It won't let me scroll up or anything. Just all white. I have tried force stopping the app which used to fix the issue and now it just doesn't. I have to constantly uninstall and reinstall the app which Is a pain and a waste of my time. Front camera is also blurry now.,35 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
419,Zara Lahoud,"January 31, 2023",Very disappointed after the new update ! I have been using snapchat for a while now but after the recent update it caused my full screen camera on my snap to change its aspect ratio and now it is having a wierd crop effect with black borders around my snap and there ain't any option to change it. Only if they would fix it would be great for the users facing the same issues.,36 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
420,Emily Fickes-Seitz,"January 27, 2023","The new update is horrible. I can't use the camera without it glitching out. Whenever i have something in the text box and go out of the conversation, the thing i wrote will be there for the whole day. It doesn't matter if i delete it or not. App barely works half the time anymore.",41 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
421,Kerrie,"January 29, 2023","It was fine until a recent update which added a massive black bar at the bottom of the screen. And now when I record videos I can no longer see a timer, just a flashing solid yellow circle, so I can't see when I'm about to get cut off. What is the point of that?",39 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
422,Neil Schembri,"January 28, 2023","All is fine other then sending notifications all throughout the day... try this filter... or what did u do in 2019, or check out this video. Can't seem to turn these notifications off without also turning off messages received which is actually the ONLY notification I want from this app. So close to deleting.",39 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
423,N W,"February 1, 2023","the screen to take a photo is totally broken right now. The top has curved corners but the bottom is straight, and the whole viewfinder is like 3/4 of the height of the screen not sure why you'd break something that was just fine",36 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
424,Doug,"January 25, 2023",Hardly use anymore for snap function. Then in the rare occasion I go to stories the commercials are so out of hand and nauseating. For every 10 seconds of video you are interrupted by a 5 second ad. I can't even tolerate finishing the videos.,38 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
425,cody copeland,"January 29, 2023","It works but that's about it. Camera quality is absolute garbage. Using a pixel 5, the most most basic pure android device. Just goes to how little they care when an app centered around taking pics/vids does a horrible job at just that. Literally still horrible, so many issues.",59 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
426,Zak Rob,"February 2, 2023","Frequently prompts me to sync my contacts upon opening the app. Im not sure how many times I have to hit ""don't sync"" before I won't be prompted anymore but I'm in the low 100s now. I assume those are rookie numbers and probably need to keep hitting it until I die a heat death from our universe imploding. Then I won't be prompted anymore",29 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
427,Nick L,"January 26, 2023",Suddenly snapchat is cutting about an inch off the bottom of all my photos and videos. It wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the fact that now when I take or edit anything there's this one inch tall black space at the bottom of the screen where there should be more of the image,44 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
428,Hey it’s Libby,"January 25, 2023","it is a great app, the use of filters, messaging others ad more. although im not sure wether its just my phone or its a common issue for others but everytime someone spams, or types exceedingly fast my snapchat glitches out leaving me on a blank screen not being able to do anything for a solid hour until all the messages have 'sent'.",32 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
429,Jason O'Rourke,"January 29, 2023",too much data sharing and privacy breaches on this app. Full access to your phone and things that don't even have to do with the app. If you aren't comfortably ok with fb knowing personal info about you then do not put this on your phone. Also each update just installs more bugs and the app constantly sending bot profiles to add you is a complete joke. Don't waste your time the creators don't care about the users. Lastly this app doesn't send videos unless you keep it open to collect your info.,28 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
430,Oliver oa,"January 25, 2023",New update is disappointing! I use snapchat on my z flip 3. The new update has caused the camera view to only appear on the top of the phone screen leaving a massive black empty space at the bottom making the user experience worse. The old version allowed the camera view to fill up the whole screen which is a lot better. Please improve snapchat on android!!,38 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
431,Kevin Neely (Ndragonu207),"January 28, 2023","New update literally broke the app. When I try to add the default bar text to an image, it gets stuck behind the filter list. The only way around it is adding extra characters to make the bar bigger, move it, then delete the extra characters.",31 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
432,IFRAH ZENDEWALE,"February 3, 2023",The black bar on the bottom nd top of the camera nd saved video/images on Android is the worst thing you could have possible done... The only good thing about thiss app was the video/images nd save/memories system and you completely thrown that away If u think we need this... Ur wrong❌ This need to fix as soon as possible,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
433,Steven Brandt,"February 16, 2023","One word. BOTS. I get 20-50 requests from bots a day. My phone is constantly going off because there's no easy way to only turn on notifications for messages. So unless you are constantly using it, its more trouble than its worth. They need to do something about this.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
434,C L,"January 29, 2023","Fix everything already... It's been like a decade. Picture quality, interface, everything that iphone has better. Customer service was no help at all too when my memories got jumbled up. Can't auto save daily stories anymore. This app sucks so bad on Android.",24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
435,Aashish Guglani,"January 28, 2023","Due to the recent update, there is black portion in top of the camera screen like it has pulled it down This makes it difficult to apply filters and edit them. So annoying that whole app is full screen but when taking snaps it is small.",21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
436,kaitlyn grace,"January 26, 2023","Only app on galaxy z flip where the front camera sucks. My pictures turn out amazing on my phone camera, on Instagram it's fantastic but the moment I open snapchat it's zoomed in weird which makes it impossible to take a two person picture with the front camera. 🙃 Edit: thanks to the update on Jan 19 the camera bugs are fixed and my photos are no longer zoomed it. Thank you for fixing this issue and making me want to actually use snapchat again !",105 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
437,David Summers-Smith,"February 3, 2023",They put so many adds on the public content that it makes it unwatchable just put an add that goes at all times except down in the bottom corner of the screen or something that goes along with use maybe quieter in volume or something. A little box down in the bottom corner with lower volume. Then the content that's being played jusf let it go and leave the add revenue at whatever level that makes. And then sell merch or something lol,21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
438,Z Janjua,"February 4, 2023","App is completely unusable after most recent update im guessing. Sometimes when i open it up it shows a new UI but I cant tap on any of the tabs, not even settings. Have to reinstall the app to get back to the normal UI that responds to touches.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
439,Cameron Colgan,"January 31, 2023","I've been on here since 2015, I've loved the app for communicating with all my friends and family, but the app has just gone so downhill.. now I'm getting ads shoved down my throat trying to watch my friends' stories, and I'm getting a bunch of bot accounts trying to get me to subscribe to their free only fans. My other main problem is how everything overlaps each other in your snaps. Texts will get stuck behind buttons on the right or behind the stupid filters. Please bring it back to og snap",15 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
440,j m,"January 29, 2023","This app is gettin more annyoing w each update. Since last year i keep gettin constant push notifications that i missed someones snap. And its just their story, its not like they sent me something. And now i keep gettin multiple notifications each day about ""remember back on this day"" ill swipe and clear the notification and then snapchat resends it again few hours later. Why force memory notifications and alerts about friends stories. Its really annoying",28 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
441,Desiisgay,"January 28, 2023","It """"use"""" to be an amazing app. But now? I cant save snaps in chat. It crashes ALL the time. The camera is fuzzy yes i have an android but it is ONLY fuzzy on snap and not insta or regular camera. The calls sometimes just end no internet issue or anything. Oh and i cant get it with dark mode which is ABSOLUTELY ridiculous",59 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
442,Elizabeth Roush,"January 29, 2023",As of recently I am not receiving any of my snapchat notifications. It's been 2 weeks of not getting any notifications. I have report this in the app and nothing is being done about it. I have checked both phone and the app settings and both are enabled to receive notifications but I am not getting any.,12 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
443,drew Obrien,"January 27, 2023","Not worth downloading or even keeping anymore. All the content is just ads. It's 10s of content and 30s of ads. Now the ""View Profile"" tab blocks a ton of the screen so you can't even see what's supposed to be there anymore",29 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
444,Shaftamle,"January 25, 2023","The app has gotten marginally better in the last year or so. However the devs are clearly subpar. The song label blocks the button showing viewers views. Font functionality is still wonky and the editor itself has a lot to be desired. For publicly traded company, I would expect way better.",324 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
445,lily n,"January 29, 2023",Bug. Can't log in. App crashes upon trying to log in. Been 3 days now. After several attempts I receive a notice that my phone detected a bug and to re-download. Still won't work. Hope it resolves soon. Don't know what else to do.,24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
446,Jack S,"January 25, 2023",New update puts huge black bars at the top and bottom of the screen on Galaxy flip 4. Makes it a lot harder to see your picture now. Doesn't look good at all either. Kinda just ruined the app for flip users.,22 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
447,Layla Parish,"February 1, 2023","I have had this app for many years and I have had no problems. I am rating it low today because of an update it had and it just doesn't feel right. First of all, all of a sudden there is a section at the bottom of the screen that is just black for no reason. It is creating so much dead space and there is no need. Also, the games that you can play in the chat rooms have disappeared. I know it's a small thing but I enjoyed them. Can you please just revert it to original form before the update.",13 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
448,Tyler Smith,"January 27, 2023","You should make it to where you can sort your images by date. I got an SD card for my phone, and now I can't sort my images again. You should also make a feature that let's me back up my camera roll. I can't sort my images and it is very annoying. If you fixed this it would be a great help for me.",12 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
449,Jeremiah Loughner,"January 28, 2023","App was doing good except for booting me all the time and having to log in constantly, my wife's does the same thing. But this latest update done something and I can't do a dang thing on it, can't access my snap chats, avatar, location NOTHING! I open it and all I look at is my camera screen and everything that can be hit but doesn't allow me to open anything when I tap it to open it! Seems like it's time to boot Snapchat down the road and stick with fb and tik tok!",18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
450,Jr. A,"January 30, 2023",garbage. the amount of notifications about filters and adding contacts is annoying and cant be disabled. im constantly removing ppl from the quick add feature because i dont know who they are. and now ads between messages and stories? this app has become a joke. dont waste your time with it,28 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
451,Chace McCuddy,"February 3, 2023","Snapchat is making it inconvenient for android users seemingly on purpose, they changed the story reply look in chats, they added an unnecessarily large black bar at the bottom of the screen, wich affects how it looks in memories and when you send it to people, NO DARK MODE!! I feel like Apple is also paying them for some of this to happen. Snapchat is lazy in general.",11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
452,Joe LaBresh,"December 9, 2022","Non-stop endless notifications! Any time someone posts a story I get a notification ""new story from xxxx"" then when I check the notification and put my phone back in my pocket I get another notification immediately that I have an unviewed story from the person I was just notified about. For every single person, every single day. It's annoying and with notifications building up, I just stop using the app.",52 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
453,Tara Alqaysi,"December 22, 2022","I LOVE this app! But there are some things I want to be added in this app So there's a lot of my classmates that have snapchat, but they never pop up on the ""add friends"".. I was wondering if Snapchat can put people who have 2+ mutual friends, that would be amazing! So I can add my classmates and maybe let me also pop up to the add friends aswell! Since I'm iraqi, I want a custom background for certain cultures and countries, or just add a search bar so people can look for the right background!",176 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
454,MonsterGirl 3.0,"January 27, 2023","Please bring back the last update , new update is annoying and makes me never wanna use snap chat again! Smaller screen with black gaps at top and bottom are ugly as well as when I go to add a text the stupid face filters are in the way and I can't move the text it's floating at the bottom of the screen!! PLEASE FIX THIS we all hate the new update it's like we have the first iphone with a camera !",17 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
455,Adylene Castrejon,"January 27, 2023","I don't like any of the updates you guys have been doing recently. We have to buy a subscription for most things? The camera update on Android looks like a BeReal, it's now squared out in a way and doesn't fully fill the camera. You guys should've just left the app how it was before the subscriptions. The camera quality sucks too and it's not my phone so it has to be the app.",31 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
456,* XxmelxX*,"February 4, 2023",It's good to use to text friends and all but there is a huge black bar when you take photos on top and bottom idk if this is all phones are just androids because people had said ios and androids with this type of problem it needs to be fixed asap.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
457,Blaine Hillegass,"February 9, 2023","Its a good app but I searched under ""My Account"" continuously for ""App Appearance"" and have not been able to find it. Opening the app when outside is so bright I can use it as a flashlight even on my phones lowest brightness setting.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
458,Aditi Mishra,"February 1, 2023",The Camera doesn't go full screen now. And there's no option to switch it back. There's black bars both at the top and bottom. Totally annoying. Uninstalled.,14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
459,Balamurugan A,"February 18, 2023",Very bad app unable to send a snap and it's hanging while opening camera i always cleared cache and data but it happens again.Unable use its features in my phone even though my phone is Android 10.please support team keep in mind that your app works on all compatible devices,0,1,snap_chat
460,Drishti Duggal,"February 15, 2023",I really like this app it has so much amazing filters and funny also we can even chat to our family and friends I really appreciate the hard work and I also love the new updates even though I really love the my eyes only. Even though adding music in Pic is my favourite one. There is no lagging at all we can even play with our loved ones I love the bitmoji,20 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
461,Cass Eckendorf,"February 5, 2023",The newest update is the worst! Once you activate a filter it glitches and half the time doesn't let me save my picture and I have to force close the app and re take it.,0,2,snap_chat
462,Alonzo Gray,"February 4, 2023",Aspect ratio for the camera for android is just trash. The black bar at the bottom an top of the camera screen makes it look like I have an Aspect ratio of 9:16 it sucks. Needs to be fixed,0,1,snap_chat
463,Princess,"January 7, 2023","It was all good. But after some days, my front camera decided not to work. Anyways, now, the filters option on my snapchat doesn't open. Not happy with it. I tried reinstalling it, installing an earlier version and updating it, but nothing works. Please fix it snapchat",40 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
464,Serena,"February 14, 2023","I love Snapchat! I would give a 5 star but I only have one issue, I like to use snapchat strictly for friends I meet in real life and I really wish there was a option to turn off friend suggestions :( I don't want to add people I don't know, it's dangerous and I want to be safe.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
465,Ruben Vega Bjørkøy,"December 19, 2022","Extremely laggy on Android. I use the s22 Ultra, Exynos version. When you're connected with any form of bluetooth, every messaging service and social media run pretty decently. But NOT snapchat. I have no idea why, but it is not optimized for Android at all. When I open snaps I have to wait a few seconds before the snap actually opens. Even more waiting before I can respond. And tapping the text box glitches out the keyboard the first few taps. Fix snapchat, snapchat. Until fixed: 1 star",51 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
466,Tega Odjegba,"January 8, 2023",It was all good then some months ago my audio doesn't sync in my my videos anymore. It's faster than the visuals and it lags from time to time. Updated it today and it's still the same thing. Fix it pls,22 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
467,A plainguy,"February 10, 2023","Great app to meet and talk to new people. Although, Having the ability to remove people from group chats would be great. The amount of times I've left a group chat due to a racist, homophobic,ect person is unbelievable. I hope you add a feature to remove people in the future.",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
468,Lexi Lee,"December 18, 2022","It's recently been updated and since then it's terrible. Whenever I click on something, it takes 10 seconds to do anything. It's so laggy. It doesn't really feel like snapchat anymore. And the whole 3d bitmoji thing is cringe. Please stop trying to be better than before, it was fine before everything was changed.",49 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
469,Satyapriya Panda,"December 10, 2022","It is an exceptionally good app to make friends, how ever it has a glitch for which I have given it a 4 *. When I used it for the first time it worked well, but subsequently after using it for an week it did not allow me to add new friends. When I add new friends, it gives an error message ""Something went wrong"".",45 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
470,Tadiwa Mupotaringa,"February 16, 2023","Snapchat is not the same anymore. It used to be fun and had really nice filters. Now the quality has changed, it's decreased and they put these funny silly filters. People should select which filters they prefer and must be able to delete filters they don't want to see pop up on their browser.",0,2,snap_chat
471,Void Frost,"January 25, 2023",Improved texting that everyone has. They don't update the Android version near as much as the iOS on tho. Takes months if not LONGER to get updates to Android. It's getting silly. My original review was 4 stars but I've bumped it to one because they never update anything. App also performs terrible on Android in general.,119 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
472,Snail (Rozi),"February 9, 2023","Annoying with the ads and the bugs and crashes. Snapchat used to be better. It's as if the more money these social media platforms have, the less they actually spend on maintenance, updates, bug fixes, and improvements 🤦",0,1,snap_chat
473,Heather,"December 31, 2022",The app is great but I am so annoyed at the customer support. I need help with something that isn't an option when you press help and you can't send an email to snapchat! How terrible. Would've given it a higher view if you could actually send your own email!,51 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
474,Finja,"February 7, 2023",I like the app but recently features were removed??? The fairly new thing that was introduced where there was a little navigation bar at the top of the chat list where you could filter with shortcuts or unread or unreplied snaps was removed again even though it was really helpful and for some reason games and minis were removed which bugs me especially because I liked to check birthdays on the birthday mini. Why are features being removed??,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
475,Aamir Shafiq,"February 18, 2023",Amazing app but the problem is when I go into my account it stops and stays on the camera and does not work and then I have to uninstall this app and then it comes back for 3 hours and then goes back forever. Please fix this problem. Thanks...,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
476,Jessie Paintin,"February 18, 2023",I've had no issues then I forgot my password. Changed it. Tried to log back in and now everytime it k8cks me back out saying it has a bug. Wth. I've emailed the company and still no resolve. I can log in from online but nor the app.,0,1,snap_chat
477,Himanshu Prajapati,"February 14, 2023","Its really good, the only thing it needs is a dark mode. When I send a snap, there always comes a topic to discuss, talk or enjoy with my frnds. It's an awesome way to socialize, but what happens is ""Snap's chat strains my eyes. Let's talk somewhere else."" Then we talk on some other app that has a dark mode",10 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
478,Kilie Adams,"January 17, 2023","Snapchat just plain out sucks now. The updates do literally nothing for you if you have ANY brand phone other than Apple. It's rediculous. Snapchat used to be fun and an easy way for everyone to stay connected without sharing phone numbers with everyone. Now? It's just more hassle than it's worth to keep the app unless they finally ACTUALLY fix all the problems from lagging, repeating videos, unnecessary ads, etc.",105 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
479,Aidan Shourds,"January 30, 2023","Lots of Bots Snapchat has to get a grip on bot accounts. Some basic functionality should include a snap score before adding a new friend. If a ""friend request"" has mutual friends, I should be able to see what mutual friends we share. Other then that good app.",15 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
480,Tio Riff,"February 10, 2023","Adding location filter ducks 🤦🏻‍♂️ i can't move it, i can't correct it, it shows wrong location. And it gets stuck sometimes and i ought to close the app and reopen!",0,1,snap_chat
481,Technical mahla,"December 17, 2022","Snapchat is a really great app to chat with friends! It's just that once I made my character I can't change it again, I've uninstalled the app and got it again but nothing changed it keeps saying ""Something went wrong. Please try again!"" Yet, I keep trying and nothing works. I'm not sure If it's just me but it's so annoying and I'm stuck with a undesign character- I've been stuck for like a few months now",115 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
482,Jebett Birir,"February 4, 2023","The app is frozen on my phone since the new update. None of the buttons work, including taking a pic, recording a video, or even accessing current snaps or my old ones.",0,1,snap_chat
483,Squidy Dance,"December 31, 2022",good app. but I have an Issue with contact sync and blocking people. why does it automatically sync contacts I clicked no so don't sync my contacts. also why can people I block still find me??? I blocked people for a reason I don't want them having access to seeing my account. edit: something super annoying that just popped up is that my friend sent me a snap like a week ago. yeah it won't open and she can't delete it. so whenever I send a snap I have to open chat and do it that way.,77 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
484,Preston Tolhurst,"February 16, 2023","It's good for sending chats and pictures. Memories used ro be cool till the new random daily ones. Also, android is still left year behind with no dark mode, a feature out on iPhone for awhile.",6 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
485,Georgie H,"January 28, 2023",Updated it to use the filters that wouldn't work. Now none of them work (16/08/22) Now the camera won't open and I don't get anyone's messages unless I've sent one. Will pop up before the one I've just sent. Absolute trash,15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
486,Abhilash Netha,"February 3, 2023",There is a black bar which is displaying beside the camera it is so atrocious please remove that bar as soon as possible.This update has changed the whole snapchat app very disappointed with this update can't get access to the location bar and not displaying over full screen worthless of using this new update please fix this issue so that every one can experience the old snapchat app,11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
487,Matteo Velez,"January 20, 2023","Love snapchat, hate certain things about it. We all know Snapchat is optimized mainly for iPhone, which I honestly don't really mind too much. What I don't enjoy is the lack of optimization for android. Sometimes I when I go to select people to send a snap to, it opens the contacts list several times. The latency of taking a photo hasn't ever noticably improved. Furthermore the new front flash is just a than before. Please optimize better for us android users and remove the new front flash.",30 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
488,ANKITA SINGH BAGHEL,"February 4, 2023",It is very good app but don't know why in this app i face some issues like when i was making a video so in it zoom in or zoom out creating issues so i update this but that issue not resolved so please solve it as soon as...... Now today my snapchat was still not working so i uninstalled it n again installed it then i have been trying to log in but it doesn't take it. It shows error everything i tried but it doesn't work i want my issues get solved asap last time i also complaint against.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
489,Mai Lor,"February 1, 2023","Snapchat was working fine until recently. When I open it, the screen completely froze. I'm not able to press on anything. PLEASE FIX! I do not want to lose any photos and videos that is saved!",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
490,Smothery table39,"December 14, 2022","the chat/ snap function are great, the news and other media are terrible, so many ads and so many clickbait titles/ pictures. i love the snap games you can play with your friends but again, ruined by the amount of ads you placed. theres a bug where i save a picture and it says i screenshotted the chat too, even tho i only saved the picture...",58 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
491,Jordiexe,"December 21, 2022","after I close the app and open it again, no snaps load, can't go into messages, can't do anything after the latest update and the only way to fix it is to reinstall the app. and yes restarting the phone does not fix it. Edit: the app now runs even slower with no apps in the background and snaps take even longer to send",45 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
492,Fahmi Alnaham,"December 23, 2022",I don't know why it just keeps getting worse and worse 🤦‍♂️ every video I try to post always ends up being posted in the wrong order and it's annoying. It skips videos in the wrong order and the voice is always off by a few seconds. They should really fix this or else it's useless 😤,35 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
493,James Sandusky,"December 19, 2022","Ever since their last update, the app just shows a white screen and does not send or receive messages or photos. It does work for one session after a reinstall, but not after that. Their new web interface works well though.",26 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
494,Vuzsv,"December 19, 2022","I've been using this app since 2018 and it's worked perfectly up until now. I love snapping my friends and using it almost as my sole communication app, but the most recent update has made the app unenjoyable to use. Now all of a sudden since the last update that consisted of ""bug fixes"" the app runs insanely slow. It slows down any time I try to open snaps, open a chat, or send snaps. This is the only app on my phone that this happens to so I know it's not my phone.",44 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
495,Hailey Frost,"January 2, 2023","Used to be a really good app but these new updates have made it horrible. I'll be texting fine and then all of a sudden I will go to respond again and I will hit send and the message will just disappear. I will close out of the app at least a dozen times, I will restart my phone multiple times, and still the message will not send to the recipient. Snaps will not send either, you are not able to send anything. I will have perfect connection, but the app will just not work.",36 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
496,Maseera Irani,"December 20, 2022","After recent update the app is keep getting stuck in the middle of clicking snaps. And the worst problem I am facing is the songs we have chosen while clicking snaps after one day the video has no sound of song only background sound can be heard. So, please fix this bug. Its really annoying to have these problems.",994 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
497,R. Alarcon,"December 30, 2022","Super creepy app cause the whole location sharing ""idea"" . I have friend suggestions from people I don't know and can't get rid of them or even stop them in my options. The received message notifications don't work. Randomly crashes and doesn't give me the option to send feedback. Takes up a huge amount space and has questionable permissions.",76 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
498,Gustav E. Jaanus,"December 9, 2022","Really resource hungry. I have experienced bugs and major lag for basically all the time I've used it. When taking video snaps, it always freezes at some point in the video and freezes video playback halfway through while editing. Disgusting new 3D Bitmojis. Also Android should really get a dark mode as well.",15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
499,Jade Pearl,"December 29, 2022","Overall good experience with a few persisting bugs that survive through the bug fixes and updates. I have the new Snapchat+ and the wallpaper I chose for my chat room with my fiance disappears and becomes a plain white background for me while in the chat. When I go into the wallpaper settings for our chat room, it says the wallpaper I chose is still the active wallpaper for the chat. Even after changing the wallpaper, it's there a couple times in chat and when I come back, it's gone randomly.",55 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
500,Jasper Sundown,"January 16, 2023","It's a great app! Good for chatting and calling. One MAJOR problem I have with it is that every time I use the filter that uses a random name picker and then says you should be in a relationship with -random friend-, it'll always match me with one of my family members. Out of all the people to choose from, it always has that horrible option. It's normally with my cousin. Please fix this.",208 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
501,Ya'mirah Taylor,"January 4, 2023","This app is good for some stuff, but it RARELY ever tells you when you're receiving a call. If it ever does, it's after the 3rd missed call, and doesn't even ring, but just says ""missed calls"". It's also super buggy and crashes all the time.",32 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
502,Peyton No,"January 9, 2023","The cameo feature just started to work for me but I have a problem with it, only a couple of the caemo options are available for me to use. The video chats are still horrible even when everybody in the video call has good wi-fi and the mini games are extremely laggy. Sometimes Snapchat will just kick you out of the app and other times will let you in but won't let you text. Sometimes if I watch a video then go to watch Snapchat stories it bugs and the video pops up instead of what I clicked on.",193 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
503,Aajae Beareyouseaeh,"January 5, 2023","How is it still suggesting someone when there is no one there? I don't want YOU advertising ME to your membership. Stop putting me in your quick add or suggested adds. I don't want random strangers contacting me and yes, this setting has already been updated. Also your app freezes any time you want to watch any episode on channels.",64 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
504,Izabella Neupert,"December 13, 2022","What's with all the adds, there taking over I can't watch any of my stories or the subscriptions, and discoveries. Everytime I go to watch them I get the video then 2 seconds later I got to wait for a add to pass. Then on the discoveries sometimes it dont even get to finish the video BECAUSE OF A FREAKING ADD I'm tired of it they need to go away please or at least tone it down. ( I highly doubt anything is going to change idk even know why I'm wasting my time on this BS lol)",24 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
505,kirby baum,"January 10, 2023","Way too many notifications with friends suggestions for people I don't even know and most of the time when I click on me notification the friend suggestion list is blank. As far as people that are in my contact list, I have already added the ones that I want so why do I need to get notifications that so and so is on Snapchat? It is becoming annoying to the point where I am considering getting rid of the app completely because I barely use it anyway.",148 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
506,Victor Mashevsky,"January 12, 2023","Everything is fine, but the notification categories are awful. For some reason, the stupid recommended celebrity stories that I couldn't care less about are in the same category as regular snaps from friends, so you can't turn one off without turning the other off too. Extremely annoying, ruins the experience for me. If I wasn't already invested I would never use the app again for this reason.",111 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
507,Lucy Stone,"December 6, 2022","This is a really great app, my only problem us the 3D avatars! I honestly don't understand why they're trying to convert everything into 3D when every one just hates it! This annoys me so much that I would give 5 stars of they reverted back to 2D or at least had a preference option for 2D or 3D.",13 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
508,Melanee OB,"December 22, 2022","I typically use Snapchat as my main camera/video clip source. Because of the large amount of filters. I don't like face/feature altering filters & there are MANY others that I use that don't do that. Usually I will take a 10 second video and then save it to my device to SS photos from that said video. But I have now lost the ability to boomerang my clip! I used that feature almost daily. Might as well just start using FB camera app as my primary,save me some steps. Bring boomerang back!",35 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
509,Ike Workman,"December 23, 2022",I have adhd and not being able to disable the discover/story feature means I basically can't use the app to message people without getting distracted for hours. I have tried setting time limits and not going on to the page but I just can't control myself even though I removed all the ok content and only have cringe stuff left. Just allow me to disable stories.,34 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
510,Audra Berry,"January 15, 2023","I love snap. It's my top communication app. BUT I am tires of the widget not working (note 20 ultra 5g) it updates my friends bitmojis, sure. But it is unresponsive when trying to open it at all from the widget. can yall please fix this?! Also, can you bring Android users up to date with some of the features iPhone users have? The image of their top friends bitmojis under settings as one example",464 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
511,Jesse Welch,"January 5, 2023","Decently functioning app. Notifications come through half of the time, and when they do it's much later than the message was received. Consistently crashing and causing irritation for the user. Should be a way to turn off the Discover and spotlight functions.",80 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
512,¿ azbele ?,"December 14, 2022","I Love this app! You can take amazing photos or videos. Funny filters, Beatiful filters. I love that you can chat! But there has been glitches when my friend sends a video or picture it shows a black screen and i have to replay it and its kinda emmbarasing also somtimes it just shows a black screen when i touch something but everyhting from that amazing app! 4 stars!",351 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
513,Hydonious,"January 21, 2023","This app still won't let me login. It force closes when I hit ""login"" and it keeps giving me the ""clear cache then reopen"" prompt. I've literally done every possible type of data and cache deletions, restarted the app and phone, changed the network I was on, changed the storage location of the app, uninstalled then reinstalled the app, uninstalled and reinstalled updates, tried creating a new account, and even reached out to Snapchat support with no damn reply. Fix this.",33 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
514,Retro Spectra,"January 6, 2023","It's fine as a messaging app but the discovery thing is just horrible. I'm not on Snapchat to see constant clickbait garbage of half naked women. And the constant forced ads while looking at stories is just annoying. Even when pressing ""don't show"" on stories they somehow keep finding their way back the next time I open Snapchat.",23 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
515,spurlock trevor,"December 18, 2022","Great app, some bugs and glitches here and there. It has its moments. But one thing mostly I wish would happen, is that they make the option to pin someone as a number 1 bsf, for regular snapchat, and not just for Snapchat +. It's kinda annoying. At least that option. Everything else is okay. But just switch that over. Then my rating will probably go to a 4 star instead of 3 stars. Thanks.",66 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
516,Karnav Shah,"January 7, 2023",I love this app really. It is very entertaining app . We can even make bitmojis and there are regular updates in bitmojis. Its extremely trendy users are busy in sending snaps to increase their streaks and moreover there are 1000s of lenses too. It's pretty helpful for people who are selfie kings/queens. The reason I have given 4 stars is that there are too many ads. Which I would like to decrease. It will be also good if you fix some bugs.,139 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
517,Abby Wedge,"January 25, 2023","I don't know what you did on the last update, but any text I add defaults to the bottom of the page where I can't access it because of the stupid filter pop-up. The whole point of this app was to the snap and send but you added too much and now it doesn't function well",59 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
518,garima singh,"January 17, 2023","Hello Team, I have some Technical issues with the app back 3-4 days. I am unable to send snap streaks to my friends and there is no syncing of my memories. I am unable to see recent requests. Everything works smooth only when wifi is connected. Please help as soon as possible.",64 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
519,Kathryn Myers,"January 13, 2023","Why did you compine the export and sending snap buttons on past taken photos? I can't save any photos to my phone, it sends me immediately to my list of friends and suggestions to send to and doesn't give me a means of exporting the photo. Update. I found it within the edit photo option. Bad placement.",74 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
520,Bonnie Penington,"January 5, 2023","Since the ""UPDATE"" I no longer get notifications when I have a snap! Personal or not! I've emailed, snapped, and contacted support. They tell me to turn notifications on. Itell they are! They tell me to uninstall and reinstall. I did- nothing changed! Then I was told to go into settings and ""force stop"" the app! I did and still nothing. I'm about to uninstall period!!!! Anyone else having this problem?? Help!",58 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
521,Anonymous,"January 7, 2023","I had my account for 8 years and they suddenly just permanently blocked it and I didn't do anything wrong at ALL. I lost all my memories. The app is very laggy and when you try to log out it freezes and every new account u try to make they also block it even if you add a number and email to confirm it. RUBBISH APP, DON'T USE IT",24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
522,Tejomayee Waghmare,"December 10, 2022","So apparently i am not able to see the streaks, like I never had streaks with anyone but i checked with my friend, she said that our streak was still on and she was able to see it, so the problem is with the app ig. I tried to restart the phone, then uninstall then install the app too, nothing worked, I hope you please look into it Facing the same problem again, i was able to see the streaks for few days but not now, i request Snapchat to slove this problem permanently. Thanks, Tejomayee",12 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
523,Shay F,"February 23, 2023","Camera has stopped working in app and nothing I've done (updating the app, clearing the cache, reinstalling the app, checking all the permissions, etc.) has fixed it. This started in January, 2023.",48 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
524,Aeon,"December 12, 2022","I'm fed up. I recently started liking Snapchat but then application crashes unnecessarily after new update. It's frustrating. Team Snapchat should do something about this or I go back to hating this app FOREVER. Edit: so far so good. I'm impressed. But there's still a problem. Why the frak isn't there ""Dark mode"" option? That's really an important feature. Kindly do something about it. Thanks",50 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
525,Danielle Jackson,"January 23, 2023","I don't know what happened, but within the last 2 weeks, how you send videos that AREN'T taken in the app are broken up into multiple parts. So a 50 second video becomes 5 10 sec videos and it's absolutely annoying. Fix it!!!!!",33 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
526,Erica Hobson,"January 21, 2023","Cannot log into my account at all. The app just crashes, and I get a notification saying there is a bug within the app. Done everything there is to do to fix the issue only for it to crash. Have samusung s22 ultra. I can log into it on iPhone and my old Samsung s10 without issues",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
527,Harry Bettney,"December 19, 2022","Full of bugs, been getting random requests from accounts who are clearly scammers and bots, sort that out Snapchat and I'll change the rating. Oh and the Ad's!!!!! If I have to watch an advert every ten seconds, I should be getting paid for that. You guys must be breaking the bank with the amount of advertising on your platform. If that's not the case, then get rid of ad's every 10-20 seconds and have them on a 2-3 minute timer.",14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
528,Oliver Smith,"December 22, 2022","The app is good and all but there's alot of things wrong. Firstly dark mode? where is it, I don't understand how and why android still hadn't received a dark mode option yet. Secondly, the ads are getting out of hand, every 2-3 stories I get a ad, I understand the company needs to make money but cmon. Lastly, a edit message button? it's 2022 and we are living as if we are in 2001.",676 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
529,Sam Hernandez,"January 21, 2023","READ: give us the ability to turn off friend request notifications. it's very annoying to think you're getting a snap from someone when it's just a bot, or just remove the bots... anyway, the front and rear cameras are out of focus the majority of the time, and just poor quality all together. you don't need to upgrade snapchat's camera for all Android phones, just do the most popular phones that Android users are on. something I didn't think we'd still be asking for in 2023 is dark mode. add it",33 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
530,Carley Rae,"January 24, 2023",Snapchat used to be my favorite messaging app and it's losing that status because: 1. My recent adds come up on notifications but they will not show up in app for me to add back 2. Snaps take sometimes hours to show up after the notification. But then it says it was sent to you hours ago. Snapchat was my main form of communication but its really getting worse and worse...,43 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
531,Abygail Barry,"December 20, 2022","It was good in the beginning, I've had it for 1 and 1/2 years but now it's not working. It won't let me move from the camera slide, and the camera slide is black, please fix this, ive tried updating it but it didn't do anything, I've also restarted my phone five times.",20 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
532,Charlotte Dubel,"January 18, 2023",Wondering why I don't get any notifications any longer ... I have updated checked all the settings logged out and back in ... deleted the app and reinstalled ... checked the setting on my phone itself .... and I still can't get the notifications to work at all... it did until last week.... PLEASE HELP!!!!,18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
533,David,"January 5, 2023","Receiving unwanted content notifications is spam, but Snapchat refuses to acknowledge that! Constantly receiving unwanted notifications about ""new content"" from complete strangers. If notifications is turned off it prevents all notifications which means I never know when family tries to contact me from the app. Extremely irritating getting all the spam notifications and Snapchat refuses to provide a whitelist feature that only allows notifications from people on your friends list.",75 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
534,JellyBean Toe,"January 10, 2023",Change the ui for editing pictures please. I'm trying to edit something at the very bottom of the page and since you added the filter swipe on the bottom I can't edit it!!! Change it back please!!! And the sending snaps ui when now there's a chat at the bottom os annoying and never used. Go back like 2 updates!!!,89 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
535,Laura Troftgruben,"December 19, 2022","Honestly if Snapchat didn't change my settings automatically to receive notifications that I don't care about multiple times a day and making it more difficult than necessary to go back and fix, I would actually use this app, instead of dealing with the frustration by simply deleting it. Your new notification system backfired. Snapchat deleted! ☺️",17 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
536,seri andrews (someone),"December 27, 2022","The app is a great way to stay connected with friends but it keeps kicking me out, I've tried going in and out of the app several times and it still doesn't work, I'm afraid of uninstalling and reinstalling in the case of loosing all my contacts, if you could fix this morning sdue it would be greatly appreciated",28 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
537,Alexis Olivares,"December 26, 2022","There are way too many ads. I'm also trying to use the maps feature so I may be able to check out the hot spots or plan my next trip, BUT there are way too many sketchy accounts that spam you with fake hook-ups. I tried blocking them, but their stories continued to pop up in the map.",37 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
538,Louie R,"January 18, 2023","The crop tool doesn't work, I can zoom in and adjust just fine but when I hit send or post to my story, it just reverts to how it was before, so that if the photo isn't 16:9 portrait it'll be scaled to fit the whole photo on the screen with black bars on the sides",48 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
539,Red Dhankuta,"December 28, 2022",Wanted to give 5 stars but given one star because of so many bugs in the recent updates. #Bugs: 1. Camera freezes while swiping through filters 2. snapchat notification freezes my phone which didn't happened on previous updates. 3. 4GB Ram phones are having many issues on the app which was not there in the previous versions. 4. Many More #Fix the bugs for low end devices to get your 5 star back,21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
540,Mallory Hidalgo,"December 10, 2022","the new 3d bitmojis suck. they're so much less visually appealing than the previous more 2d version. they really, really suck. personally I think it would be worthwhile if the 2d/3d appearance was customizable so that every person could choose how they want their app experience to look",12 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
541,Cameron,"December 25, 2022","Bare minimum privacy and security, rather too many scam/adult content bots and not that much customisation available (Personally doesn't effect me but some friends and family like to be able to customise certain bits!). Though apart from those minor issues, very good and an amazing social media!",94 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
542,Kamatsuki,"December 7, 2022","Now that I've just sent 1 cameo to my friend, the sticker recommendation is just overflowing with cameos. I don't want to use cameos and can't even get rid of it. I literally can't send any sticker at all and have to search all the time for sticker. The games are really laggy aswell, played a simple game but my phone was suffering.",10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
543,Manyatha Reddy,"December 17, 2022",In this app they have added a feature in our astrological profile..we can see our elements..modality..and polarity..which is a amazing feature..👍and also a bit disappointing..here it says bugs and improvements done..but when I open the app and use a lens it just takes me back to my home screen..saying there a bug and they need to clear cache...pls fix it..checked for updates..but no new updates 😶,21 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
544,Pryncezz Kemona,"January 16, 2023","1. I don't like when I screenshot or screen record something and the next party see that 2. I wish I could see a number showing the amount of friends I got instead of me counting them 3. I don't like the fact even though we wish to save message, they still disappear, sometimes I forgot what the conversation was about. 4. I wish there was a dark theme, the white theme is affecting my vision.",48 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
545,Avery Henning,"December 31, 2022",Apparently feedback doesnt work. Eojis pop up on the bottom of the screen and I cant read the text. I sent them feedback about this a year ago n guess what? Emojis still randomly pop up in the way of text without being prompted. And theres no way to make them go away so they just stay in the way of text. I cant ever read what my friends write on stories because of this stupid feature Ive literally never used. 🖕,27 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
546,Miss latina Latina,"January 4, 2023","I would give 5 stars if it never kept freezing and crashing. Now the app doesn't work at all, I can't take photos or even chat! I can't click my profile. It only shows the camera and it doesn't take a photo either! And when sometimes I talk,it freeze and it gets me out the app.",28 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
547,E.raine Gootee,"December 25, 2022","Getting worse by the day. I have had Snapchat forever, but recently, it is the bane of my existence. Some days, my camera doesn't even show anything it's just a black screen. Today it's the front facing camera last week it was the regular camera. When the camera does work, the record button shows that it's recording but does not record anything it just takes a still shot. I have updated the app, I have updated my phone, I have uninstalled and reinstalled it.. I'm about to just delete it",158 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
548,Liam,"December 10, 2022","BRILLIANT! This is great! The only problem I have experienced with this is that when I go to edit my bitmoji, it gives me a blank white screen and shuts the app down after a few seconds. This needs fixing but so far, this is great just don't mess it up with future updates!",45 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
549,Alberto Acevedo,"December 28, 2022",It's very slow in it because your looking through in the middle all of the filters will go gray and you can not use the rest of the filters and you don't need internet to get to see any of the filters and when you first see Snapchat if you sign in and you do one wrong letter you can't sign in until a few minutes if you want to get a new phone you can't get all of the stuff in your account in the new account so what I'm saying is don't think this is an amazing app because it has alot of flaws,24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
550,ujjwal rastogi,"December 20, 2022","It's slower and has lots of bugs when opening a chat, switching from the videos to chat page. Sometimes when opening the app, it doesn't show any navigation icons, just opens the camera. Works fine after deleted the storage and not just cache.",17 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
551,Dune Bennett,"January 16, 2023",Can't customize individual conversations' notifications. Can't change what screen the app launches into. Can't quick reply to messages. Can't preview messages. Slow to load videos. Videos will trigger many notifications. Can't customize colors or groups. Can't remove members from group chats. Piss-poor camera optimization on Android. Pretty poor Android optimization all around honestly.,45 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
552,Ryan Hamilton,"January 24, 2023","Does anyone at snapchat use android? I've been using snap everyday for years and am shocked at the development sometimes. Why is there an issue display snaps taken on one device and shown on another? this was fixed for a while, then is broke again. Now my main issue is, text automatically positions itself under the filter swipe dots so I cannot touch thr text to move it, when I try it just swipes between filters. why is this an issue? because on some phones(iphone) my snaps are cut off bottom",39 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
553,Lani Marie,"December 31, 2022","This app is great and lets me connect with my friends. But when I try to go into another app while talking to my friend on the phone, it will randomly hang up when I'm in the middle of a conversation. But my friends don't have a problem when they're on another app. So that's weird it's only happening to me. Other than that, this app is pretty great. I feel like there's other things that I can't name right now that might be a slight problem but yeah.",104 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
554,Kamaria Herbert,"December 30, 2022",So this app is really good not making no complaints about it that much. It's just it would be nice if we can have a dark mode for Androids as well because I don't have an iPhone at the moment and I can't stand light mode it hurts my eyes and itll be cool if we can just have a dark screen for any type of phone really. Overall this app is super good and a nice messaging app!,26 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
555,Reena Mahanta,"December 26, 2022","This app is kinda average... But the worst part is that I can't see some of my best videos and photos that is just the worse and the good is that it has bitmoji , streaks , spotlight many more but I recommend you to install this and like if you have clicked any good pic then just camera roll other wise you lose that ....",20 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
556,Shawn C,"December 11, 2022","I use Snapchat on two devices currently, this phone and another phone, on this phone specifically, I cannot interact with anything in the app, it does not let me take a snap, or anything else. I've been trying to figure out this problem since the update has come out, Im annoyed that nothing won't work for me and I cannot find the issue.",12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
557,Chase Tiner (Mortality),"January 16, 2023","Been a long time user of Snapchat since 2013. Never had any issues until the update January 5th 2023. Particularly, my notifications randomly stopped appearing. Checked my phone settings, app settings and the in-app settings themselves and everything checks out. Notifications just went.... bye-bye. It's a pain, because I don't think I should have to refresh my convos just to see if I have new snaps or messages. Galaxy S22+. Hopefully this issue is ironed out in the next update.",49 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
558,jebm 27,"December 29, 2022",They need to clean out the beta program so ppl that will actually write the developer telling them all the glitches and stuff that's going on with this application. And they have so much spam going through this app its crazy. One of the main glitches is the ads shooting up during stories click to skip and you hit another add after about the 4th ad you just close out its not worth watching your friends stories.,19 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
559,Cade Holmstrom,"December 28, 2022","Device discriminaton is apparent on this app. I don't have an IPhone and if I wish to have the same features that they do I must pay for a subscription every month or year. Camera quality is throttled down on non-apple products as well, I have perfect quality that best an IPhone with my built-in camera app, but on snap I get a fuzzy effect after the picture is taken.",22 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
560,Nicholas Carter,"January 2, 2023","I've had serious issue with this app not giving me notifications for nearly 2 months now.. I've deleted it and reinstalled it and still no change, and here in the last 3 weeks it doesn't show up that people have snapped me back for days at a time then just magically appears... please can we get this fixed.",26 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
561,Dorian Angel,"January 16, 2023","Good design and I like the Snap map. Only issues I have is- #1- Random glitches= -Occasionally opening the app it says camera unavailable. -Every couple days it randomly stops notifying me of chats/snaps until I log out, uninstall, re-install, and log back in. #2.- I want to update my Bitmoji more in detail as far as piercings, necklaces, bracelets, and rings as I have seen my friend's Bitmoji's with jewelery. Thank you!",54 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
562,Selorm Onray Ahorlu,"January 18, 2023","After some updates, the app has become very super slow. I'm wondering if any test or load tests were made before the release. 1. Opening a streak or a simple chat takes about 2 seconds to load. Same as replaying a streak. 2. Viewing who's watched your snap takes about 2 to seconds to load. Everything used to open without any load. Device: Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra OS: Android 13, OneUi 5.0 Kindly do something about this. Thanks",53 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
563,Agrima Kundu,"December 12, 2022","Everything is more or less okay with me but one problem, I don't get the location option. I don't know if it's only for iphone users or not but it was there in my old device. I want that location option. I can't tag the locations in my stories but yes I can see the locations of my friends.",91 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
564,Victory Obiabunmo,"January 14, 2023","The app has become ridiculously slow in loading content. Even tho I have 1gbps Internet service, stories often buffer till I close them and reopen the stories. This was never an issue until a month ago, thought a software update wouldve fix d it. I deleted the app for a month, I just redownloaded it and its the same freaking problem...... SMH",70 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
565,Anser,"December 7, 2022",I liked the 2D avatars better 🥲🥲🥲 it would be nice to make an option to have both 3D and 2D avatar pictures at the same time but make it a setting so people can choose which one they want. For example if you want the 2D avatars back then go to settings and put that option but if you want the 3D back then go to settings again and select that option!,15 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
566,Travis Starling,"December 27, 2022","No dark mode and the process to remove old friends isn't easy, and not possible to do multiple, and not even a chance at doing them individually anytime within a year, it's like three menus just to confirm a removal... I guess the dev team is tired and they would like for no one else to download or use their app...",22 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
567,B. Vincent,"January 24, 2023","I have a Samsung phone, my friends have iPhones they can pin a conversation but I can't. When I take a pic and I send it in a chat it shows whatever lens I used, that never used to happen before and I hate it. When you take a selfie the camera is super zoomed, my arm can't reach far enough away to take a pic that doesn't look like it was taken with a telephoto lens! The pictures lately have been really blurry, not crisp and I wish that you wouldn't use screen grab instead of the amazing camera.","1,364 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
568,Brandy Musselman,"January 7, 2023","Having a lot of issues saving snaps out of nowhere. Very irritating. Yes, I have it set to unlimited. Also, the 1# friend is not right. It's driving me nuts. I had the same best friend and it switched and should have fixed itself by now.",62 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
569,RASHI GOURISARIA,"December 25, 2022",I have been using snap since 2 year but it never glitched before. Why is is glitching all of a sudden? Sometimes the voice also go. Can you please solve this problem? The app is working hella slow it literally takes 1 min to open someones messages (and also to see the snap) and glitch the other times.,21 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
570,Mallow InNorthPole,"January 20, 2023",This app is very useful for people. We can use different filters and make profile pictures on different social media platforms. Its also super convenient and easy to use. The filters are super awesome its trend-friendly.,243 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
571,Frankie J. Kidd,"December 7, 2022","nope. absolutely not. if i am forced to look at the disgusting, half-assed 3D bitmojis i'm done. i will literally stop using snapchat. at least give an option, like a toggle in settings or something to choose between 3D and 2D. it's that or put actual work into making the bitmojis look decent, but i swear if it doesn't change back or something soon i'm quitting. i know it seems like i'm being dramatic, but it's literally so ugly i cannot handle it.",10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
572,PhobicLotus 93,"January 6, 2023","Again, absolutely love this app. But recently upon opening the app it tells me that the camera has stopped working and to close the app - has been really slow to load, I have plenty of space on my device & cleared cache, delete conversations regularly and still having loading issues.",72 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
573,Lauren Lauren,"December 30, 2022","Great app but not recommended for chromebook, I'll take a picture or video and it will look perfectly fine until I send it to someone and its all streched out. Yes its okay for chatting, filters, and calling but, other then that it ruins my photos.",16 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
574,Shiv Shakti,"December 11, 2022",I sometime spend some time to watch funny videos or quick update on sports. But I hate the advertisement. Even if you report or try to hide some adv. It will keep showing. I try to hide some adv. But it keep showing me again and again . On other side Instagram or YouTube is pretty good about it . Developer should do something about it . No mean no to some adv.,11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
575,Vijaya Deekshithula,"December 9, 2022","Wow! Such a good app which makes a very very beautiful photos and gives entertainment. I need to appreciate for 2 things which I like : firstly, there are such a options like chat, photography, location, bitmoji and all(etc). Secondly, there are no ads, it's a nice thing done by the developer who developed this game. Well done👍🏻",274 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
576,MANU 07,"January 20, 2023",What the heck going on . Since I have enabled notifications ON but i don't get any notification from the app. It only works when I uninstalled and installed again . Later it is back to way and same as before. Even editing snaps are quite complicated and totally hate it all.,6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
577,Alex P'Pool Alex P'Pool,"December 14, 2022","I have had this app to communicate with my friends and family for about 8 years. Yesterday, I woke up to my account being permanently locked and my IP address being blocked so I can't make a new account. After sending in multiple support ticket and direct messaging on Twitter, I still have 0 help. I do not know why my account was locked or if I can ever use this app again. This app was a lot of fun while I had it. It even became my main communication via the phone. I'm very sad about this.",16 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
578,Cadence Ann,"January 14, 2023",I love snapchat and all its features but this past year it has been so buggy and glitchy and calls don't even work half the time or randomly hangup or my mic gets muted and they can't hear me for some reason unless I recall them. It's frustrating and they need to fix it. UPDATE: EVEN MORE GLITCHY!,61 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
579,Christian Nícolas Pascua (Cole),"January 19, 2023","The experience has degraded for years. So many ads, so much content, I dont know who my friends are anymore, and there is just so many spam bots trying to add you or send messages. Also, no dark mode yet, when almost every single app has dark mode? Yikes, uninstalling.",61 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
580,AaBbCc DdEeFf,"December 22, 2022","It's good but on chromebook, the filters are glitchy such as showing up as purple/pink and black squares and becoming really wide or just zooming it in a lot, I've tried to re-instal the app but still the same issue/problem. Any tips on how to fix this?",12 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
581,Sabrina Gilbert,"January 14, 2023",For the past week snapchat has not been sending notifications to me. Even though all my settings are set to receive them. Support portal didn't really help at all. This app used to be my number one used app. But with no notifications working I'm planning on uninstalling and using something that actually works.,50 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
582,Kayden Huggies,"January 2, 2023","This app is great but I'm having a problem with my mic, When I go to out in a voice message it comes out airy like I'm sitting right next to a fan and I don't understand why and I have tried everything to fix it. Although its not working so I'd you can look into this problem I would love it. (*ˊᗜˋ*)ᵗᑋᵃᐢᵏ ᵞᵒᵘ",32 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
583,Todd Marek Jr,"December 31, 2022","Latest update full of bugs. Random crashes if you look at your snap (to edit) longer than 10 seconds. Filters will stack ontop of eachother when swiping, and the default text bar will vanish or hide behind the new filter scrolling thing so you're forced to make a new snap",57 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
584,Jacob Jones,"January 19, 2023","I've really considered just dropping snapchat because of the blatant disregard for Android users. We haven't gotten a meaningful update since the S22 dropped with native camera integration that still in my opinion is highly lacking. Let alone the fact its been 2 YEARS + without a dark mode is unacceptable. Considering using cracked software because at least modders care enough to implement simple features iPhone has had for years. And then to charge for ""premium features"". 🤦‍♂️",14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
585,Smokey McGanja,"January 15, 2023","""Bug fixes and improvements"". That's what every update says. I'm still waiting for those fixes & improvements. The app updates roughly once or twice a month for me and these aren't small, they're always around 50mb. For about a year now I've had one bad bug worse than the rest, after typing out a long paragraph on a snap I hit the checkmark and... it's gone! Whole message is deleted instantly. I remember Snapchat back when you had to snap if you wanted to chat, hence the name. Fix your damn app!",50 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
586,K,"January 7, 2023",Can't watch a story without an ad literally every other second!!!!!!!! Also you really need to turn off Friend Recommendations. It's so much spam!!!!!!! Turn it off!!!!!! I have that selected so it's not public but that doesn't matter because you won't fix it and turn if off to not be automatic!!!🙄🙄🙄🤬🤬🤬,67 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
587,Kaylynn Cortis,"December 17, 2022",Hello I wanted to let you know that it's been very glitchy since the last update on December 9th 2022 I was watch reels and it would cut out and 1 hour ago 2:17am (New York time zone) I took a video and it would not let me select a time limit then I had people messaging me asking why the video was very quick to the point they couldn't read 3 words out of the paragraph I sent with the video and lastly it keeps kicking me out the app and not allowing pictures to be taken..,19 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
588,Jack Taylor,"January 1, 2023","Absolutely amazing, I love Snapchat to talk to and video call my friends and family to check in on them or hangout, great snapmap location features and chat features, I love the filters, but one issue I do not like is how there is NOT a dark mode feature on Android, I have an Android phone and dark mode is only available on iPhones/iOS, I would absolutely love to see dark mode feature come to Snapchat for Android in the near future and I would definitely use Snapchat+ more often!",40 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
589,Kaylee Vibes,"December 14, 2022","As a teen, I do use Snapchat everyday and all of it is great. I mean yeah, sometimes it can be slow but most of the time this app is really good. When I have nothing to do me and my friends or who ever I'm with will just randomly go through the filters. Some filters make you look really pretty, and some are just so funny that you will just start laughing so hard. LOL! Anyways, I think this app is really good and you should download it. 👍",274 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
590,Ian Duthie,"January 7, 2023","There's no option to limit the number of notifications you get. It's all or nothing. Friend sends me a message? Sure that's notification worthy. Friend has a new story, meh. Try our new lense? Watch this news story? No thanks. Snapchat seems to try and make it so there's one of its notification each time I turn on my screen AND unlock my phone. As in, I'll close the notifications on my lock screen, and NEW ones will pop up on my notification bar! IT'S SO ANNOYING!",55 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
591,Liz Whitacre,"December 17, 2022","I like it its quite useful, well when it works, im trying ft and my camera wont work, certain filters will just freeze and not do anything. It used to work good but its getting worse. of course there is more bugs, I did get a new phone but it's still bad. There is a chance he may be ignoring me but I'm trying to text my bf and it says he keeps opening them but in reality, I texted his brother and found out he's sleeping.... at first i was very upset. reaching out for help at this point",13 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
592,Bisma Nabeel,"January 3, 2023","I am using this app from a lot of time I love it and when it was new year they had beautiful background for everyone and that's why I give it five stars🌟. But that's not the only thing why I am giving it five stars there is another thing and it is that there is something there and when we press it songs come and we can search songs. We can even search are favourite songs.But there is something bad in it I took a picture with a song but later on, when I played it. It was not working. Thank u!",95 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
593,Prince,"December 19, 2022","app is good, need some improvements, it didn't need short videos thingy on it but otay, it was already so unique, that made it more normal and usual, it needs DARK MODE IN ANDROID, lol. Anddd yes it lags little idk why, my phone is OnePlus, but still, it's not optimised fully, for my new chipset. And there are bugs for gifs, notifications, saved photos. etc etc. Sometimes i dont even get notifications which sometimes gets fatal lmao.",19 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
594,Big G,"January 10, 2023",There's a new feature where a list of emojis with your avatar show up when watching a story and it is so aggravating for me because it blocks texts of my friends stories and clutters the screen unnecessarily. Kind of Evades the point of this app all together if I can't even read the texts on other's stories..,73 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
595,Layla Combs,"December 18, 2022",I want it to stop sending me stupid notifications for stories I don't follow. I'm not subscribed to any stories but it sends me notifications like watch this one from weird history. It categorizes it under snaps and chats so if I turn off the notifications it turns them off for all my snaps and chats. It's so annoying to think I got a message but it's just a story that I'm not even asking to get any updates about.,17 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
596,John Halsey,"January 1, 2023","You've updated your privacy section. Great. I review it and click continue. The app then freezes. I have to uninstall and reinstall. This helps for about two login, then the cycle starts over. Figure this out and fix please.",29 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
597,Rylee Menne,"January 19, 2023",My snapchat always worked and all of a sudden I can barely look at my memories... the glitch out or freeze the app. I even updated and everything and is still doing the same thing. I would like to look at my snap memories without having any issues.,15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
598,cece x,"December 8, 2022","I really hate the new 3D bitmojis, not least because I'm finding it impossible to make mine look like me as a mixed white/chinese woman. There are different skin colours, but the available features do seem remarkably white, particularly the noses and mouths. Edit: now you've made the 3D bitmojis an even bigger feature! Literally everyone I've spoken to hates them — please bring back the previous style!!","1,893 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
599,Masti Eleven,"December 24, 2022",No doubt this app is so good to perform extraordinarily when it's about connecting to people but I'm experiencing some kind of strange problem when I'm trying to add more people to influence them through my unique content so please just fix this problem for me so that I may become able to grab more audience.,71 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
600,Tom Hadlich,"January 8, 2023","Used to be good. I'd pay for a version with no snapchat ""discover"" feature. Just worthless content, sexualizing everything, reposts, and empty, soulless tiles. Literally ads every 15 seconds when you do see something interesting. Just really sad. Even if you spend 15 minutes hiding every single tile, and they say ""we won't show you this anymore"" they are lying, as they are back later that day.",38 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
601,Pop-Pop Moose,"December 20, 2022","I can't believe there is something more ad driven than should ever be allowed, but this is it! Can't watch a two minute clip without six, highly intrusive, ads! More ads than content! Certainly not worth it!!! This app needs negative stars!",17 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
602,Caitlyn Pedroza,"December 19, 2022","I absolutely LOVE Snapchat! The filters, the one on one chat with friends, making new ones, and my favorite, the ""Discover"" portion... But on the real... I cannot STAND how many f**king ads ya'll throw into every story!! It'll be like ""And upon injuries, -insert name- died from.."" ""I JUST FOUND A DATE ON -insert website-""... Its just ridiculous the amount of ads that we have to endure to watch a five minute story. You guys really need to cut back the amount of ads you blast us with.",15 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
603,Abbie,"January 25, 2023",Needs to be better for android. Why is there no dark mode? If you post a video on your story it makes the quality really bad and the text glitches out too. This new thing happened to my camera where it has a sort of zoom and black box at the top where there doesn't need to be one. How do I fix the camera situation?,34 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
604,Tin Man's Tavern,"January 22, 2023","Really hope this update fixes it. I have had constant issues for months now. Glitches with cameras, if the text goes to the bottom you can't get to it because of the filters. Among other things like the obvious fact Snap is detuned for Android users...",20 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
605,CYCLOPTIC BADGER,"December 11, 2022","I have been unable to use snapchat in over 9 months because of some random issues that the Devs cant be asked to fix, I emailed them and then saw that the support email wasn't even monitored. It's honestly quite embarrassing on their end. When I load up the app I either am forced to make another account or I have to login again when I login absolutely nothing loads and it just crashes, or when it kinda loads it forces me to give it my location.",12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
606,Capture Crew,"January 18, 2023","Everything is fine. But there's some issues or i can say missing features. Like boomerang/bounce, camera isn't same like on original camera app. Some other small missing features. Kindly add these up. On ios these were added long time ago.",40 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
607,Vasanth Modepalli,"December 22, 2022",Biggest bug I've seen in Snapchat is it doesn't work on dark mode. In place of text which should be in black colour it is in white colour. Thought my mobile was having issues. Tried on multiple apps and they all work fine. But Snapchat never worked on dark mode.,10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
608,Dr. Rishi,"December 27, 2022","I'm a Snapchat+ subscriber. After the recent update, chat wallpaper issues are coming. After setting any 3rd party wallpaper and then closing the app completely and then after reopening the app, sometimes you yourself cannot see the wallpaper, but the other person sees it properly. Also, kindly add the option of wallpaper cropping before setting chat wallpaper. Kindly add new Snapchat+ backgrounds for Bitmoji Avatar.",14 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
609,Nick ThaTrick,"December 27, 2022","App is broken, I've been using snapchat for a long time I just got a brand new phone more up to date than my last 3 phones, I just updated the phone and now every single time I open the app, as soon as I log jnto my account, it says closes the app over and over never actually signs me in just keeps closing. I tried clearing the cache, Uninstaller and reinstalling, tried making a new account same thing, can't sign in at all on this broken app. Thanks a lot.",14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
610,Ï Hâté Līfè Ïtßëlf,"January 9, 2023","I love this app! It's a great way to keep in touch with friends and family!! I hate talking to people, this app makes it to easy though. I can seem sociable when really I'm practically asleep while talking to you, no effort needed! So helpful.",421 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
611,Amy Izaguirre,"December 20, 2022",They made it extremely difficult to block on here for no reason. Really you got to go to something called manage friendship instead of the block feature that it had openly available at all times. So confusing I had to relocate everything on here and it took 5 minutes to relocate the block button which is ridiculous.,16 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
612,Jaela Cossettini,"January 11, 2023","Really fun and easy to message friends and keep in touch, great for stalking peoples locations and customising your profile and bitmoji! Spotlights' always have something fun to watch and you can gain streaks, get closer with people and many entertaining things to watch and come across! Amazing filters and great things to do!",399 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
613,Samantha Dalbo (Sam),"January 8, 2023","It's really good, and and if you are allowed to get it do, just be careful who your friends with but, some people will send incorporate things, just be careful and you will be happy for who your friends are, this app can also contain tradings, and it's not like the trading like toys and stuff, anyway that's all I have to say, it's a good app.",34 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
614,Radhika Rani Parihar,"January 9, 2023",It's good app... But I'm an editor so whenever I post an new edit on spotlight it sometimes not selected... And we editor's makes edit by taking too many time... And post it but it doesn't select so people's can't see it... So please solve this problem... That every spotlight should be live... I'm requesting you... Thanks for reading... 🙏,56 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
615,Lori Brantone,"December 12, 2022",My first experience with Snapchat were really good but over time the app started to freeze and crash. When I would try to take a picture the app would go pitch black. I really hope this gets fixed really soon.,7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
616,Sam W,"January 4, 2023","Prepare to enter the worst notification experience you've ever seen. Intentionally categorizes ""unviewed story"" and other useless notifications as ""snaps and chats"" so if you disable it you will also never know when someone sends you an actual Snapchat Couple that with the horrendous ad experience to make this app one of the worst to install on your device. Save you and your friends endless annoyance and choose a better app.",23 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
617,Shailaja Karhade,"December 12, 2022","I do love it but there's a problem with lots of people who are creating new id....that if they send a snap to someone,the other person is not able to save it in the chat evne though timer is set to the infinity.Please fix this bug ASAP.I have created two new IDs but same issues occur in both of them.",11 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
618,Irfan Ali,"January 24, 2023",Idk what's wrong with snap chat I'm not able to do anything. Whenever I open the app I cant open chats nor snaps and can't even send snaps. When I try to send snaps all I see is a blank snap with no sending buttons or anything. I updated the app but it's still the same. Please fix this problem asap. Thank you.,24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
619,Evie Aranyi,"January 5, 2023","i love snapchat, great way to keep in touch with your friends and some youtubers and tiktokers are on there. I have a chromebook laptop, although it is not laggy at all for me. Just when i take the picture it makes my face wide and my text too small. I usually use my phone though so it doesn't matter. You can let your friends know what your doing by posting on your story or spotlight. Absoloutely love it! I've had it since 2017 and i definitely recommend it :) thankyou byeeeeee",33 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
620,Ex,"January 13, 2023","It's 2022 and there's still no dark mode option for Android. Even worse, they prevent the developer option for forcing dark mode. On top of that the app is trying to shove the discover section down it's user's throats. No option to disable the discover section that is essentially a tiktok.",110 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
621,Harshul Jangra,"January 4, 2023",After buying the snapchat plus membership the wallpaper feature is not working properly like every 2 to 4 hours the wallpaper gets removed and i have to re apply it which is very frustrated as you are paying for a feature which doesn't even work properly and the whole experience gets demolished. The chat wallpapers were the main reason for me to buy the plus membership and now I think I will cancel the subscription as the feature doesn't work and the subscription is not polished👎👎👎,41 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
622,ᎯЅMᎯ SHᎯNᎯM,"January 13, 2023","So far the app was good👍 !! UNTIL it started to lag and whenever I try to open it , my account won't show up . 👎 It would freez and it would show my old account when I open it , even though I removed the old one .....😟 This problem needs to be fixed , so please help me get back to my account .✨ THANK YOU🥀",353 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
623,Rene Guerra,"December 30, 2022","I absolutely love this app but I have quite the bug. When I try to enter this app nothing loads I can't chat, call, see people's chats which is annoying because when I try to call my friends it doesn't load and then my screen turns black! Please tell me how I can fix this bug.",24 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
624,LeadChain,"December 26, 2022","I want to open a YouTube link in a friend's story, but the browser that opens from the link doesn't support YouTube. It says to open through Chrome, this is not an option in the settings. 1 star until I have the option to switch the browser that links are opened through.",16 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
625,audrey,"December 7, 2022","i hate the 3d bitmojis so much. an option to revert it back to 2d would be amazing. the ads that appear when going through stories are super annoying too. the worst thing about this app is probably the discover page. there are so many weird things on there, notably thirst traps that kids will see. the content that's promoted sucks.",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
626,Anri Piater,"January 5, 2023",Great app. Reason for 4 stars is that when you search certain sounds from the original artists example: she's all I wanna be-tate mc rae it either shows other songs by the artist or it shows nothing of the sort. Please Fix. This can make finding sounds VERY DIFFICULT,33 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
627,Konner Rasmussen,"January 11, 2023","Clickbait video suggestions, which are then bogged down with ads. CONSTANT notifications about ""this person from your contacts is on Snapchat"". Constant notifications of ""messages"" from the developer and suggestions to watch the aforementioned clickbait videos I'm uninstalling this. Honestly I have no idea why people use it.",52 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
628,august :3,"December 13, 2022","It's okay except for the fact that every once in a while i can't use the app, It won't show any ever the features except the take-photo button. This only happens sometimes but it makes it so I have to completely delete the app.",10 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
629,ellis noble,"December 21, 2022","Latest update makes app quite buggy. As of late trying to view stories on the discover tab just doesn't work, you press on them and the app just freezes. Also had it where when I take a snap it does the same so I have to restart the app.",15 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
630,Andrew Hansen,"December 9, 2022","A bloated garbage app that spams your phone with dozens of ""suggested contacts"" in a pathetically desperate attempt to retain market share. It's good for sending pictures to your friends and literally nothing else, but the greedy people that run the company would rather make it an impossible mess of half baked features than focus on the one thing it actually does well.",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
631,Hooria Khan,"December 27, 2022",That's good but the problem is that it has not to much verity of songs 😕 and 2nd thing is it has voice recorder but it doesn't work properly but it's good for me because it had beautiful filters 😀 so that's why l am giving it 2 stars! That's my request to Snapchat please change this setup,13 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
632,cate,"December 19, 2022",The camera quality is good for taking photos with filters. It's facetimes shows your face before you answer. It lags a little bit but apart from that it's a good app to stay in contact with your friends and family,55 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
633,Opeyimika Oluwafemi,"December 20, 2022","Super app, very good and easy to use Love it and totally recommend. Just started hanging and is not even letting me do anything to the extent of not seeing my friends chats and its getting really annoying as ita not even uninstalling for me to be able to fix it. I love the app but now its just becoming worse and worse and im not the only one complaining about it. I cant see myself buying snapchat + if this continues to happen smh",16 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
634,Mike De Ro,"February 2, 2023","Where the heck did enable or disable notifications go?????? This is a huge turn off for me. Snapchat has always been an app to use discretely, which is how snapchat gained its popularity. Now all notifications show on my phone and theres no way to turn them off..... my hard on literally is limp now..... ive uninstalled/reinstalled and no fix at all. Get your stuff together Snap Chat, this is bull.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
635,Jocelyn Razo,"February 5, 2023",Alot of bugs and there an annoying black bar at the bottom on the camera take. Also when I post a pic it shows smaller than usual or zoomed in. I'm not sure if it's just for Samsung's or for all,0,2,snap_chat
636,Searing Light,"February 9, 2023","Idk why plus members still have to watch annoying ads. Most of the content is already full of click bait and ""You'll never guess what happens next!"" Writing styles that take forever just to get to the point.",0,2,snap_chat
637,Jared Reining,"January 6, 2023",I like the app but there is currently a bug where it occasionally will not let me send the snap or save it. Really annoying. I'm just glad I haven't had any one time only shots have this happen.,29 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
638,Jordan Collins,"January 1, 2023",I love this app this isy primary way to talk to people BUT I CANT STAND that android can't do dark mode when apple has been able to do it for a while now and it really pissses me off. It also randomly deletes my friends from my friends list even when I'm taking to them and when I go to try to add them back I can't find them.,387 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
639,Chloe Basham,"December 28, 2022",its okey. it crashes a lot n yes I've updated it and restarted my phone a few times. when you record yourself sometimes the words you say don't match up with your lips. one last problem would be iphones can have dark mode for the app but androids got to pay for it.,15 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
640,Sam Jackson,"January 1, 2023",The call feature recently has been failing a lot and crashes atleast 4-7 times before it finally decides to work. If i have filters on on video call or just taking photos most of the time the app crashes completely.,99 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
641,Alejandro Peregrina,"December 19, 2022",Horrible when you try to check some news or fútbol games for FIFA for every minute or so you have 20-30 seconds ADS I can't follow those things without throwing my hands on the air! Also why not profiles with photos to avoid adding the wrong people as my friends. Again something for those who wants to not to show their identity fun for kids but it works both ways for creeps as well... Soon will be out of my phone as soon as my very very small group gets back to me after I let them know is gone.,7 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
642,Alecto Anarchy,"January 26, 2023","Love using it, fairly simple enough. Although I'm not getting notifications for messages. I get them for everything else, but not messages. I have all my notification settings turned on.",16 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
643,Prasan Naik,"December 26, 2022",The app always initiates the camera even if all you are doing is responding to a chat. The app is designed inefficiently and it shows in its performance. Also no indication of end-to-end encryption.,14 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
644,Hamza Khashaba,"February 10, 2023",The app works as normal but there seem to be some features missing as my fellows on iPhone have better features for their camera and they have a dark mode which is not available on android which is very dumb and annoying.,0,2,snap_chat
645,Nero?,"December 7, 2022","its an OK app in general. Literally nobody asked for them to add ugly 3D bitmojis but here we are. They're way worse than the default 2D versions. Its awful, unappealing and shouldnt have been implemented but its been replacing everything that had a bitmoji in it. Also the app doesnt offer a dark mode (atleast for android). On top of that ur keyboard auto opens upon opening a DM so u cant rlly look through chats without alerting ur friends 💀",5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
646,Baljit Singh Singh,"January 28, 2023",I have updated the Snapchat for more than three times but there are no new emojis 😡😡😡there is everytime an issue in opening the app whenever I open it will close by default my experience with snapchat is worst . When I post my stories with everyone option in setting it changes to my friends by itself and I have no solution.,34 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
647,Wyatt Cotton,"January 26, 2023",The app litterly refuses to open. I have made a complaint about this before a few weeks back. I have tried deleting the app and redownloading and that wont work. I even left it undownloaded for a couple weeks and still nothing. Im very dissapointed considering how i used the app often to contact close friends. So currently i am forced to leave 1 star.,13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
648,Clem Errol Pearson,"December 11, 2022","The new 3D Bitmoji icons are horrible. They were so cute and good as 2D cartoons and you had to go and screw it up and turn them into weird knockoff-Disney-film terrors. Please allow users to select between the 3D and 2D versions, especially since the Bitmoji app itself still uses the 2D.",6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
649,paige braithwaite,"January 26, 2023",You need to fix the bugs You can't use filters without it kicking you out of the whole app. It makes you rewrite snaps with writing over photo as it deletes the writing straight away. Most of the videos don't put an sound when watching as it doenst cat h the person talking,13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
650,Billy B,"December 30, 2022",This is a good app. Alas only if it would work. It has not worked for weeks. Could not message anyone for Christmas. After uninstalling and reinstalling several times I have given up and now removed my account. I won't be coming back and will stick to TikTok.,15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
651,Dweeb Dweeber,"December 30, 2022",Why do you change the text to default right under the filter options. Can't move the text without fighting with changing the stupid filter. Now will make me force close the app cause I can't send the snap....how long til the next update!! 🤬,14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
652,A Google user,"December 26, 2022","Remove the discovery, biggest waste of space you have ever introduced to the app, I don't care for those stories I would prefer that they just disappear & not have lies, misinformation & completely old news that no body asked for. It's useless to have, the old snap was & will always will be the best version you failed to uphold.",12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
653,Justin Valerio,"December 9, 2022","App is stable and gets the job done but needs a way to properly erase messages and handle old saved conversations. There should be a way for a user to delete all messages between a participant, not just hide it, but unsend and erase everything. This is a critical issue that Snapchat ignores at all costs.",14 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
654,Amelia Atherton,"December 5, 2022",I'm very tired of the amount of people I DON'T KNOW showing up on quick add. Please add a function to turn it off because I don't need random people I don't know appearing on my snap. The quick add option is absolutely useless to me. I'm also not very fond of the constant crashing and slowness that this app brings. I am keeping it as updated as possible. Please add an option to turn off quick add. It is very absurd and annoying every time I use the app.,"4,321 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
655,David Collins,"December 16, 2022","Far too many ads clogging he experience. Also ended up turning off notifications as I was getting 20 a day of ""unviewed story"" notifications, often from the same person multiple times a day, but wasn't getting notifications for chats. Probably end up deleting soon enough, shame as I've had SC since 2013.",20 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
656,Darkest Assassin777,"December 8, 2022","The new update won't let me use the app.. The app keeps telling me that the app need access to my local storage, but when I go to my permissions in the app settings I can't change anything regarding storage. This app was working fine yesterday, what happened and is this just user error? If so let me know, I'm not trying to lose my streaks.!?",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
657,Reddy Prakash,"December 12, 2022","Idk why my friends are not able to save my snap in chat ( even though I send in infinite timer or no limit ). I tried creating mutiple accounts from many friends with different credentials (after new updates), but when send the first snap in ♾️, the other friend cannot save it in chat in any new account as well.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
658,rebekah Murach,"January 9, 2023","Have never had an issue until Recently it has come to my attention that people i am not friends with can view my stories even though it is set to friends only, this defeats the purpose of having privacy, not impressed this needs to be fixed as these people im not friends with are screenshotting my stories. This shouldn't be possible as i am not friends with them!",29 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
659,Vorreon Johnson,"January 5, 2023","I opened this app on time in public and it played something inappropriate from the spotlight videos section, one of the worst features in my opinion because if you accidentally press it with your palm it could start playing anything. I find it hard to believe anyone actually watches them anyways",47 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
660,Kesa Fatima,"December 28, 2022",the camera quality is horribly degraded from what my actual phone camera's quality. the camera is zoomed in and the photos turn out patchy in the dark with weird contrast showing up after taking the picture. night mode to take pictures doesn't show on Google pixel 6a no matter if Im in a dark room or even if I cover the camera the camera also washes out my skin color and makes it look like a weird grey tinted brown quite disappointed,17 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
661,Jigyasha,"February 2, 2023",Snapchat is not working well after the new update. I don't know why always this app keep crashing. Whenever I open my snapchat there were no filters and I was unable to open my profile. I also have restart the app and my device bit it's still not working.Please fix it. I have not used it since last week.,13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
662,C JJ,"January 2, 2023","CRASH on Android 12 when trying to log in -------------- java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: com.snapchat.android: Targeting S+ (version 31 and above) requires that one of FLAG_IMMUTABLE or FLAG_MUTABLE be specified when creating a PendingIntent. Guys, it would be incredibly awesome if u finally repair it cause otherwise the app is completely unusable if your users are unable to log in on Android >12. Writing ""finally"" cause I can see some posts on Reddit written ~4 months ago abt the crash.",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
663,Corbie Conway,"December 29, 2022","Don't get this app unless you know actual people who have it. Even then, it's a pointless messaging app with filters. Beyond that it's just filled with bots that try and send you links to lives or whatever. Out of maybe 100 people all of them have been bots except for TWO out of the HUNDRED. Very annoying.",15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
664,Siddharth Gajare,"February 1, 2023",Last update was the worse update ever . Please fix location filter after the update we can't move it up and down and also can't change the location name as per our requirement and after the update the camera screen has became small please fix it and do it to full screen.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
665,H V,"February 8, 2023",The new black bar on the bottom is just plain stupid. Hides 1/3 of snap. Considering stopping using this platform. Keeps getting ridiculous updates. New features are ok though.,0,1,snap_chat
666,Kiisha Okezie,"December 7, 2022","Snap PLEASE stop this 3d bitmoji thing while you're ahead. The highlights were not the worst, and the automatically showing your friend's @ as soon as you start typing is helpful, but it's manageable. But the 3d bitmoji is ugly. Please I'm begging go back to the cartoonish bitmoji, do not fix what is not broke",6 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
667,Maria Tokarz,"January 10, 2023","WAY too many ads-come on Snapchat! An add interrupting videos every 5 to 10 seconds is RIDICULOUS to say the least! I used to like this app.+ The filters can be kind of fun, but most change your face so much it's stupid, more natural filters (no eye distortion) would be great! Looks like they don't fix what users hate often at all, too bad! You'll lose more users when no action is your choice 🤷‍♀️🤦‍♀️👎👎 it was fun, now mostly sucks! TOO MANY ADS 😡🤬👎👎",140 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
668,Placid Slaughter,"January 16, 2023",It's alright but it gets glitchy and I have to reset the app now and again but my biggest issue is when I watch video snaps or story's the bottom reply bar comes up with all the stupid bit moji reactions to where I can't even read the words the type and so on it just pops up randomly and I can't make it go away really frustrates me especially when I can only replay a message once,42 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
669,Aabida Burhan,"February 4, 2023","Snapchat was initially focused on private, person-to-person photo sharing, but you can now use it for a range of asks, including sending videos, live video chatting, messaging, creating caricature-like Bitmoji avatars, and sharing a chronological “story” that’s broadcasted to all your followers. There’s even a designated “Discovery” area that showcases short-form content from major publishers like Buzzfeed. Snapchat even lets you store media in",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
670,Godfred Agyeman,"December 28, 2022",Snapchat is in urgent need for more creativity. I am sure we are all by now too used to this snapchat app. There needs to be more colours especially in the chat thread. I also believe that there needs to be more features. Even with the updates it looks like there isn't much difference. Bitmojis needs to be more customisable with more unique branded items especially the Adidas shirts. I don't see any light green for background colours. Snapchat have a long way to go if they want to attract users.,14 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
671,G Squirrel,"February 1, 2023",If your gonna send me a message saying you need a verfication code you should send it immediately. Still havnt recieved an email with a code after telling it to resend it several times. I already got the suspicious alert email so i know you know my email address so if your verification system is busted you NEED to fix it. I wont be changing my rating as this isnt the first time ive gone through this with you worthless people.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
672,Panda Pixie,"January 11, 2023","KEEP the subtitles! Any time I skip an ad, they disappear!! Only way I've been able to keep them, is if I exit the story then come back to it HOWEVER in doing so, it will eventually RESTART the story!",43 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
673,Kaleb Davis,"February 1, 2023",My snapchat camera (front and back) has suddenly started having a black bar along the bottom of the screen. I have changed no settings in my phone that should cause this and my normal camera app doesn't havr this issue. It's very annoying.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
674,Nina Graves,"February 17, 2023","Annoyed you can't search for bitmojis that include your friends. When searching, you used to receive options that included the bitmoji of the person you were talking to, now it's just mine.",15 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
675,A Google user,"January 17, 2023",It's a good app the filters are good and a great way to communicate with friends but lately my messages haven't been showing up and it makes me rewatch stories that i've already seen this has been going on for a while now it needs to be fixed.,40 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
676,Quinn,"February 19, 2023","Sucks for android, no dark theme for months can't even force the app to go into dark theme with external settings. iOS for some reason just has so many other benefits than android does and the app seems to become buggy after updates sometimes. Either mismanagement at hq or the app is making less money because they also seem to be adding lots more monetization methods.",0,1,snap_chat
677,Lauren Scott,"December 29, 2022","I'm having to uninstall to reinstall this to get this app working. It'll then work for a few days then doing the same process as it comes up with fault by ""app not working"", as I'm constantly sending feedback to why it's not working then, again, to repeating the same process by uninstalling to reinstallingm... Surely I can't keep doing this...?",12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
678,ture husell (boboulder101),"December 6, 2022","Great app, when it works properly Since beginning of December I've been unable to open the app at all from the icon or from the play store. I am still able to get it open by sharing from other apps, or by clicking on notifications from it. If this was not the case snapchat would probably get a 5",5 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
679,Jake Graham,"February 17, 2023","So. Much. Porn spam. I have to block one or more accounts every single day. It's becoming ridiculous. I never give out my account name to shady people. I wanted to allow friends and family to find me via Quick Add, but that's where all the spam is coming from. I have to turn off ""Show Me in Quick Add""",0,2,snap_chat
680,Malik Nasir Jamal,"January 31, 2023",I don't know what kind of a problem it start create after sometime that i cann't send any snap to anyone and even filters vanishes then i have uninstall the app and install again then it will start work.. please check the problem and fix that bug so we will face that kind of a problem next time.. Thank You.,9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
681,Abhijith Kumar G M,"January 3, 2023","Useful for school students, no need of asking pH. Nos. To everyone, you get the accounts of ur friends in the quick add option but still it's showing mostly unknown persons in the quick add that's of no use...... please try to improve that.",31 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
682,Sondra Hubbell,"December 21, 2022","Newest update is horrible. Nothing will load, can't click on anything, have to continuously restart the app in order to read one conversation. Definitely think it's time to just delete snapchat altogether, the app has been unusable for the last 2 updates.",11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
683,Madison Armstrong,"December 14, 2022","I've had this app for more then 3 years now and it's been great! it just recently started being super glitchy and laggy. and when I'm on ft, the call will freeze and will stayed freezed. but overall I think its great!",15 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
684,Devin Stepp,"February 3, 2023","Bring dark mode.. ive been waiting for 11 years. You finally make it but only give it to ios.. is Mr Cook paying you guys off? I DO appreciate the updated camera compatibility with android. THANK YOU. After this recent update, my ""snap camera"" is shrunk. The viewfinder has shrunk about 3/4 of an inch on my S22U and it's odd.. probably 16:9 now instead of my extended 20:9. Annoying but usable. Please fix it.",515 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
685,Kale Rat (Kaela T),"January 29, 2023","Its a decent app. Ads could be skipped so thats a win. Only downfall for me is, I still have an Android. I cant pin people and light mode is my only option when I prefer dark mode. The flash for the front camera is different from an iPhone. Overall 7.9/10",50 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
686,Storm NotFound,"January 5, 2023",Good for talking to my friends but everytime I go to send a video to someone it takes forever Especially in group chats and glitches my whole phone. Yo much spamming in a group chat also glitches my whole phone + snap chat not only that but the ads juring the discovery you get through 3 clicks then add then another then another then more and more adds. Also I felt with the notifications from Snapchat by blocking them. Also video calls glitch and you can barley hear anyone even with good wifi.,55 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
687,Sly A.,"February 2, 2023","I like this app for many reasons. However, I dnt like how u can't see the other person. For example: Someone friend request you, n you dnt recognize the name. So you go into their profile. But you can't see what they look like unless they have a story up with themselves in it. Because all you get is the Avatar of what they look like in their profile pic. And if you do post something after 24 hours it deletes. Now if there's something Idk plz LMK.",59 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
688,Shadow neeuqa,"February 14, 2023","Till now I don't have any issues with Snapchat but this two three day after update my filter doesn't work at all ,when I try to use any filter it goes back to homescreen and I reported nothing came I done all things like redownload update but again it does work at all so can anyone say how to fix it .",0,1,snap_chat
689,Yasmin Pathan,"January 3, 2023","Good app tho. But in recent days I'm having some kind of issues with it. I can't see snaps, chats, pictures, spotlights, stories it is just opening a camera and if I press on any switch it is not reacting so please have a look on it and fix it.",37 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
690,Naturelover and Creativity,"December 23, 2022",I like the overall experience of this App. It's user friendly too and works pretty well. Something that I wanna see in this App is Dark mode ( dark theme ). While using Snap at nights my eyes start to hurt because of the white screen's strong glare even at the lowest of screen brightness. I hope the creators will look into this. Thanks and regards :),13 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
691,Nikhil Mardi,"January 30, 2023","NOT GOOD!!! Team Snapchat, I request you to fix my problem asap because as my friends are not able to save my snaps even when I have already set the timer at ""infinity"" (aka no timer on snap). Please look into this matter because I guess something's really wrong with my account & you guys are just ignoring my problem as I have already done several mails to feedback team too but yet no response.",10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
692,Chandni Kankhara,"February 3, 2023",It was all good about this app Since 1 year I'm using it But from 3 4 day there's problem in my camera display.. the screen Was full but suddenly decrease by it's own I'd reported the bug but didn't get the response.. so my experience was good but now i don't like it,0,2,snap_chat
693,Austen jones,"October 23, 2022","During compiled reels ads are placed in the middle of clips and these ads are entirely replacing clips after you've already seen the clip once and go back to watch it again. It's a bug, but it needs fixed. Regardless of that, the placing of ads right before the most exciting part of the clip is intentional on their part. All other aspects of the app are great!","89,683 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
694,Cody King,"September 21, 2022","Pretty neat. Don't use the whole delete after opening thiñg. whomever made that had some serious issues. lol. But to each their own. It's all about the snaps baby. The whole time limitation feels a bit short, but maybe that's selfish. Outside of that and the occasional bug and/or crash it's pretty solid. Both in function and a fairly clever interface to boot. Only issue is how they split and send snaps gets very annoying. I'm not sure why they do it but whatever the reason isn't working","46,246 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
695,Andrea Slicker,"October 14, 2022","For two weeks now the app has not been working..cannot take a photo. It keeps flashing/flickering and skipping on the sound IF I'm able to open up a video from someone else. Can't get into the settings. Can't click on much of anything. I've loved this app for years and after doing all of the basic troubleshooting, including uninstalling it completely, I'm unable to use it and can't find any help.","56,555 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
696,Courtney Steinorth,"September 10, 2022","Whatever update they rolled out or didn't roll out (I'm on an android so that's probably why it hasn't been fixed already) has caused the stories to mess up. I'm often watching a public story and when it comes to an ad break, it will ""reset"" me back to the beginning of the story. Then I have to annoyingly click all the way back thru the snaps I've already seen just to get to the ad. At first I was hoping it was some kind of bug that would be quickly resolved, however, that has not been the case","22,829 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
697,Tyler Williams,"January 23, 2023","Terrible spam control. I've been getting spammed with dozens of friend requests from porn and fake accounts daily for the past couple weeks. I report and block them and they just keep coming back. I don't know how it's hard to control new account creation to prevent this, but whoever is in charge needs help. This is becoming absolutely ridiculous",15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
698,Typophobia,"December 13, 2022",It's alright but it crashes without fail anytime I send a video longer than a few seconds. Can't cancel the video's send because it crashes when I open it. Getting really sick of this now.,11 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
699,Chloe Hasper,"February 16, 2023","It's a good app to communicate with people but I am a android user. It SUCKS that I can't have dark mode on my phone but ios users can. This needs to be fixed, and sometimes for me the camera is slow but other than that the app is great!",38 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
700,Ana Davidescu,"December 27, 2022","I love it!!! I especially like that you can change your Bitmoji. The filters are exceptional. I adore. It deserves 100000 stars. But you can add to the clothes of the Bitmoji a section with clothes from movies like the Hogwars uniforms, the clothes from Star wars or Sailor Moon, but still it's a very rich collection of clothes and it's cool that you put the uniforms from the World Cup",423 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
701,Ryan Tremblett,"December 8, 2022",As soon as Snapchat added these subscriptions you have to pay for to use the app its been nothing but downhill. I can't do something as simple as pin a contact at the top of my list without paying a monthly subscription of 5 dollars or a yearly subscription of 55 dollars like they completely ruined the app.,5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
702,Josilyn Sandoval,"February 13, 2023","The app is fine until I had two accounts on my phone. One was my friends because she was grounded and I let her check her snap on my phone. Now I try to switch profiles and it won't allow me to, it just says there's an error. And continuously says that",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
703,Ayushi Agrahari,"February 18, 2023",I have using the app since 2019 but from a month whenever I use my account after 4 to 5 sec its automatically log out and I have to re- log first I thought it's issue of update but the problem increases more after update now every single time I have to login my account 😑😑 it's so irritating pls fix this ! 😑😑,0,2,snap_chat
704,Akari Takagi,"February 10, 2023","Snapchat is a fast and fun way to share the moment with your friends and family. It's perfect for sending fun, short messages that disappear after a few seconds. You can also add stickers and drawings to make your messages even more fun.",12 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
705,Alexssandro Leon,"December 24, 2022",You expect me to pay for Snapchat+ when you can't even have consistent high-quality photos added to your stories. You post them in 1080p and end up with 144p photo quality a few hours later. Not worth it until the basic issues within the app are fixed.,12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
706,Lucie Meeks,"February 9, 2023","It's a fun app to make friends and such, but sometimes my chats will just stop loading. I'm not sure if this is just me but if it's not just me I hope this bug gets fixed. Usually to fix it I have to uninstall and reinstall it.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
707,Ebrima Bojang,"January 12, 2023",It's a fabulous app good in very positive way but the only thing which personally an like is that when we delete something in a chat it's showed it up when in chat even when we took any kind screenshot development should look after although this is a great app for connecting with people an even your friend an relative it is a great platform new update were extremely good recommend to use it you will have a great user experience,238 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
708,Harry Thomas,"January 2, 2023","Overall love Snapchat, but the lack of support for Dark Mode on Android is becoming more and more inexcusable. iOS devices received a Dark Mode option in late 2019, and so I find it hard to believe it takes 3+ years for a company the size of Snapchat to fully release a feature that they have already shown to be capable of creating.",37 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
709,Ethan Steiner,"January 9, 2023","Pretty good app for the most part, but it would be nice to be able to have a trash feature to see my deleted chats in case I wanted to restore them, and I would also like there to be an edit option in case I make typos in one of my messages.",29 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
710,wanda martinez,"January 27, 2023",This app got the worst music and never have they change them. On top of takes allot of data just for opening it. I don't know why anything you do there goes data if not s little it's like 10 gig that's why I shot using it. Cause it makes no sense then there the update Why update if there's nothing new,28 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
711,Victoria “Vicky” Spies,"January 23, 2023","After 2 1/2 years of being off Snapchat, I'm back. It's worse than when I left in June 2020. For whatever reason, the notification for new friends won't go away. Watching Stories, I'm forced to replay snaps I already watched multiple times. I also wish there was a way to unsubscribe from friends Stories without removing them, because FOMO is real and I'd like the option to stay ignorant LMAO.",13 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
712,Ecsm M,"January 23, 2023","In a world where almost every app you can download has a dark mode, this one not having dark mode stands out massively especially with how many users it has. Snapchat on android requires a dark mode. The frustration felt by so many users at this point is ridiculous especially considering iOS having had access to this feature for multiple years now.",13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
713,Soledad V Avila,"December 22, 2022",I love the application and that's why I gave it 5 stars but the application needs to improve the selection on the videos if can please remove some ads on the videos or at least just play them once. The application needs improvement. Thank you.,56 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
714,Levi Morris,"January 29, 2023","Generally a good app, a but seriously, get rid of the stupid tab at the bottom that covers like a quarter of the damn snap, it's annoying and there was literally no reason to change it to that, please just go back to what it was before, it's very annoying rn.",15 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
715,P.J. Smith,"January 22, 2023",Don't know what happened to this app on the last update I've turned on everything I can turn on and the still will not let me in people need to stop messing with apps that are working perfectly to try to make them better than they already are when they all they do are Hurt the app I've turned on everything I can turn on and it still says to turn on permission and I've been done it please leave abs alone when working fine,15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
716,Sebastien Dame,"December 21, 2022",App notification settings is terrible. I don't want to receive the spam notifications to try out new filters in the same category as the friends chat. I should be able turn off promotional stuff and keep friends chat.,6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
717,Rachel Hegman,"January 11, 2023","Honestly, I have never had a bad experience with snapchat, like..ever. I just think that premium is kinda stupid. But obviously that's how they make money. But snapchat is a great app for communicating and having a good time w the filters! 10/10 recommend.",116 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
718,Ryan Conklin,"February 7, 2023","Buggy, useless support, half-baked subscription. Bugs are never fixed after multiple reports, and support is useless and not knowledgeable. Snapchat+ is an absolute waste of money as most features are half-baked or don't work at all.",0,1,snap_chat
719,Chloe Kilmore,"February 4, 2023",1 star because you can't turn off the story notifications. I don't want to receive a notification everytime someone posts a story but I can't turn them off unless I disable all notifications so I miss direct messages too,0,1,snap_chat
720,Ellamae Moore,"February 7, 2023","I would give this app more than 3 stars but I've noticed ever since the latest update, my android phone doesn't have the 'games' option it used to have. Im very upset that this function left and i haven't found a way to play games with my friends with IPhones other than here and its a shame the function left the app when it was really useful.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
721,Alexis-Jade Parker,"January 29, 2023","on a chrome book its very laggy. it takes me ages to see if i have a message because it dosent load, and when i take a picture it goes all streched out and laggy. ive tryed re-setting it and even deleting it multiple times, and no new uptates get put on. please fix this it!",7 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
722,austin Swiderski,"December 19, 2022","Giving three stars, because I've used this since 2015. For the last month or so, this app has been super glitchy, super slow, and freezes every 10th time or less. Shouldn't have these issues.",9 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
723,Hannah Pape,"January 11, 2023","So ever since I got my new phone my front camera is zoomed in and it will not let me fix it. I cannot unzoom by touching the screen and it is only in my snap app. The rear camera take perfect pictures. I've reset my phone, re-downloaded the app, cleared all my cache and nothing is working. Does anyone have any ideas?",25 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
724,Madison Simmons,"January 2, 2023","I like it a lot, they have fixed major bugs since 2019, only thing I wish to fix is the face time, very glitchy and has some bugs when you go to reply to other people and then come back to the face time screen.",12 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
725,Rayen Asfi,"January 12, 2023",Brings up friends together. Basically snap streak is a great idea. But the problem is everytime the white screen sucks. No dark mood for Android. Also there is no lite version. This app usually consumes 2.63 GB,12 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
726,Aimee Staunton,"February 8, 2023","I've been using Snapchat for a a few years and haven't really had any problems with it, but when I recently updated it my camera was made smaller. Another problem is after I updated Snapchat, it stopped giving me snap notifications. Would really appreciate if you fixed these but before those were problems it was a good app.",0,2,snap_chat
727,Alayna Mahler,"January 31, 2023",I love this app I use it all the time to connect with friends. I wish Snapchat would allow for all phones to have the same app features. Especially dark mode it's stupid that all phones using this app can't have dark mode feature only iphone. And I prefer using Android so please give us dark mode!!,177 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
728,savageyt7 21,"January 29, 2023",This app is a great way to connect eith new people and friends. I do have to say a great update would be if you could select people in a group you wanted to delete like select more than 1 to delete or remove at one time so it's less time consuming to empty people you don't talk to anymore,14 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
729,Atiq Raza,"February 2, 2023","This app is good for streaks , and for captured memories only but this app is worst when it lag. it frequently it log out my I'd then I'm not getting full screen camera in this app they also given spotted a bug option in setting I told him about my full screen camera in snapchat but they are not responding 🤐🤐 ... So many bug i found in this app and whenever I told about it to him they never responded that's it 😐",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
730,Nicole Sedmak,"December 16, 2022","So many bugs that they haven't fixed for nearly a year, over the course of 10+ updates. All of my contacts show up as a ""new"" contact and give me a notification that I can't clear saying that I have a new friend, telling me to ""Say hi!"" even for people I have been friends with for years and talk to every day. In group chats, names are repeated over and over (so if I have a friend ""Kate S."" in a group chat, it will show that there are 10 members, all named ""Kate S."").",15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
731,Jasmine H,"December 29, 2022","I usually love this app, but here recently, when I take a snap (video or picture) then hit the arrow to choose who to send it to, the app closes all together. Sometimes when I reopen it, it's still there, sometimes the snap is gone all together.",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
732,Zarah Khan,"December 19, 2022","I love this app so fricken much!! Including all the little filters you can try!! I definitely recommend this app for anyone who wants to chat with friends, facetime with friends, put cute photos on your story and etc. 100000/10!!",143 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
733,Parth Prajapati,"January 3, 2023","Very bad service. Snapchat was working fine before two or three updates but since the update Snapchat has become very slow. Sometimes even though the internet connection is fine,but snap is not send .This problem has increased after two or three updates. Sometimes the chat screen doesn't even turn on. I used snapachat 2 or more years. Please improve this problem.",21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
734,Dylan Henderson,"February 6, 2023","Its a good app and all but it HATES IF YOU DONT LOOK AT IT!!!! It waits till you turn on your phone to tell you someone posted a new story so it appears on your screen, and if you don't use the app for a bit it tells you ""remember this? Look back at your stories l"" to get you back on the app",0,2,snap_chat
735,Soph Strong,"February 3, 2023",Used to love Snapchat but absolutely hate this new update! The Snapchat camera on android now is minimised with a black bar at the bottom. Doesn't make pictures look good at all! Was my favourite app to take pictures on but not anymore. Please change the camera back to full screen please! Not happy with this update,0,1,snap_chat
736,SpaceGingStella,"January 20, 2023","I use it all the time to connect with friends the only thing I don't understand is that if Snapchat wanted me to use its media and news feature why is it so plagued with ads I can't even watch a simple news article without being bombarded every 2 slides I click on. Another thing, how about a night mode huh? ios gets one but not Samsung?",8 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
737,Serena,"January 9, 2023","Overall it is fine but I am having some problems with my Bitmoji. Whenever I chose a hat it looks fine in the 2d version but when shown in 3d, the hair and hat are overlapping, not like in the 2d. My hair is fluffy so whatever hat I chose, it hides in my hair, I need this problem solved.",191 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
738,Sarah,"February 8, 2023","It's an overall really good app but the pictures on chromebooks and computers are terrible, upsidedown, fuzzy pictures, and the camera is zoomed in a little.",0,3,snap_chat
739,Kent Alexander Hopsdal,"December 28, 2022","A new Microsoft Surface Duo 2 User, here - Have practically been using Snapchat EVERY DAY for almost 10 years (that's like a year after it launched!) BUT the app makes my camera look worse like the iPhone 2G - And that's probably not even an overstatement! Guys - I get EMBARRASSED when sending snaps from this phone. My snap look like they were taken on a fricking Nokia 7650 And for the record: the Camera is fine in other apps",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
740,chasity hance,"January 30, 2023",Please stop with the weird updates. It's all so different and weird. If it's not broken don't fix it lol update filters and bugs ect but changing the features and how things are placed and shown is getting more complicated.,14 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
741,Kenneth Giese,"January 21, 2023","App works well but not enough controll over what notifications you get. Lately I'm getting constant notifications that someone's ""on snapchat"" trying to suggest people and it's a pain. I don't want any suggestions, if I know someone ill ask for their snap but otherwise I don't want random people. So until there's finer control I'm just not using it anymore. ""UPDATE"" Now every day I get multiple friend requests from bot accounts trying to sell onlyfans and things like that too me. Fix it people!",10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
742,Adhel “Totshala” Aluat,"December 15, 2022","Snapchat has to be the best way to communicate with friends and family, I really enjoyed using this app and will countine to do so, I rate it a 5 out of 5 no ads are shown which makes the experience way more life lasting!! Keep up the great work!!",194 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
743,SushiPandana,"January 28, 2023","Snapchat isn't functioning properly When snapchat doesnt load in any info, I assume that it needs to be updated, but this is like the 5th time it's loaded in without any info and doesnt need an update. What do I mean ""no info?"" There is no chat feed, no stories, no profile info, no settings screen, nothing. On top of that, it has no love for the droid because it takes forever to take a picture either because it's the flash not focusing in, snap not snaping, or snaps not allowing text and vanish",18 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
744,Cole Guzman,"January 22, 2023","The reply tab at the bottom of stories and snaps is way to big. The way it was before was perfect. Also when viewing a story, the time of upload and stuff doesn't load always.",9 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
745,Andre,"February 8, 2023","Good app so far, however I would like some improvements in the group chat area. I would like for my remix reply to a group member's ""snap"" be shown to the group instead of just privately to the member. Secondly you need to add the administrator feature in Snapchat group so that we can get rid of unwanted members and to be able to police the group properly. Please get this done Snapchat",51 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
746,Haru Moriyo,"January 29, 2023","Ive been using snapchat for years and it really works well, but my only problem is when i took pictures and videos with it and saved it in my memories it suddenly disappeared in my memories when i restarted my phone it was still not there im so disappointed because my new memories just flew away like dust. I was so happy on the pictures pls fix this right away!!.",13 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
747,help me reach 300subs,"December 29, 2022","The new update(?) Is scaring me. It's paused and I can't do ANYTHING can't take a photo, text, call, watch videos it's just in the camera section and is paused!! I don't know when it started but now the app is useless!",24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
748,Madalynn Fundine,"January 25, 2023","This is the buggiest app I've ever used ngl. Every time they release an update something breaks, especially on Android. This time my camera will no longer go full screen and a massive part of the camera is just black. Drives me nuts. I report these things and never hear anything.",20 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
749,Sanjay Boolkah,"February 6, 2023","I would like to tell you to fix this bug or something,my pics are not full screen anymore like from the top to bottom It is like slightly horizontly crop/cut from the bottom i hope you fix this bug or something thank you Otherwise great app to capture memories ❤",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
750,Elijah Slavens,"January 28, 2023","It's a great app but it keep bugging out. I can't even access Snapchat sometimes because it won't let me see any messages and it won't let me watch any stories. Usually if that happens, I have to delete and reinstall the app, or I have to update it. It's a hassel",13 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
751,Kierstie Gur,"February 17, 2023",Legit have had issues with this app all year. Never wants to work have to Uninstalle and reinstall just for it to work. About to stop using the app completely. Having so many issues with it. I hate it,0,1,snap_chat
752,Jasmine Meek,"January 23, 2023","I just updated and it did not fix the issue. I had a yellow heart with one person for days until three nights ago when it disappeared then it reappeared a few hours later. But for the past three nights this has been happening- the yellow heart goes away, but then it comes back. Why does it keep disappearing? I was hoping to get a red heart soon, but at this rate that won't happen!",13 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
753,Julie Pfleuger,"December 28, 2022","I'm 45 yes old and the only reason I dl this app to stay in touch with my kids. Before I knew it I was hooked. Fun, is an understatement, I love it! The filters are great (if your my age, you get it) the stories are cute and watching the video stories are addictive. You can curtail them to your interests. I love it, give it a try 💋",267 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
754,Jayosree Paul,"February 7, 2023",About the filters it's pretty good but when you want export some pictures which are deleted from your gallery you can't you see the picture but you can't transfer the picture into your gallery worst app I ever seen before👎👎👎👎,0,1,snap_chat
755,Karen Marsh,"December 8, 2022",Great for taking fun photos with Friends. Getting a little fed up with all the pop up Friends request suggestions that keep appearing. Is there a way of switching this notification option off and on if you want it 🤔,5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
756,Shelley,"January 30, 2023","I love Snapchat, have had issues multiple times throughout the years but they've all fixed within their own times. However, I most definitely wish that for Android you would add in the dark mode/night mode. Snapchat for Android is probably the last app to not have a dark mode.",15 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
757,Christina Fortner,"January 8, 2023","Normally the app is awesome! This last update leaves a lot to be desired, though😒 There are a lot of glitches that were not existing previously. The cameos, for example, are not working at all.. the bitmoji is not searching appropriately..",70 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
758,KED II,"February 12, 2023",watch a video for 5 seconds then an ad h 5 more seconds another ad ever single time spend more time being bombarded with ads than watching a video. Why are total ad times longer than a video? Why are you bothering me with ads? you already sell my data! Should be free since I get 0 compensation for you selling my info! Wish I could give no stars. Two thumbs down 👎👎 instead.,0,1,snap_chat
759,Bisma Ibraheem,"December 6, 2022",This app is alright as you can take pics and there are good filters. It's a fine app but honestly I frickin hate the new Bitmojis style. Snapchat has ruined everything with the new update and now all my contacts have 3D Bitmojis style and mine showing in the contacts. It's no longer 2D anymore. I swear the old Bitmojis were so much better before in 2D. They acctually looked good and I liked it like that. I don't like it. It doesn't even look nice like what is this. Why did sc have to change them,4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
760,Daniel Radu,"January 11, 2023","I'm trying to make a little ""how to"" on that little circle at the bottom of the screen to show my friends piano tutorials but the time is not enough so it is not good and I need to talk fast so I'm sounding like a rapper, and it's frustrating! FIX IT FOR MORE STARS.",40 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
761,Ty Puckett,"December 12, 2022","I love using snapchat to send pics to my best friends. I HATE getting bombarded with notifications I find irrelevant. Yea I got it snapchat, my cousin updated his story. You've told me about it 7 times already today. I'm not really exaggerating either, there really needs to be an option to turn off notifications for individual people within the app. I can't tell you how many times today alone I've been reminded that my nephew updated his story this morning. F***ING. STOP.",31 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
762,Aniq Ahmed,"December 20, 2022",Need a lot of improvement like quick switch accounts and also having problems with snap streaks. Streaks are breaking all the time without warning. I gusse they should also add a snap reminder to get notified when were going to break.,10 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
763,Myles Johnston,"January 9, 2023","I really enjoy using Snapchat, but the wallpaper feature with Snapchat+ does not allow me to see what has been selected as the wallpaper in the chats. It has only started to happen with the update from a fer days ago. Is there an easy fix to this problem. Other than this, Snapchat is a highly respectable app which I recommend people download.",26 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
764,Chhavi Pandey,"January 27, 2023","I'm giving this app 4🌟 because it was working very nice in the beginning but now, when I'm taking any pic, it becomes thinner and wierd . In every lense, i think editor should check it once and in updated version, this problem would bi removed.. 🙁",22 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
765,Will Stark,"December 20, 2022","Update: snap continues to get worse for Android users. Despite adding the insanely ugly chat wallpapers, somehow they still haven't added dark mode for Android. The app also lacks an option to change the default page from the camera to chats. These basic features that would take about one day to implement continue to be neglected. The camera quality is also substantially worse compared to my phone's camera app. Snapchat+ is a scam because it doesn't solve the basic issues with the app.",129 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
766,Lisa Aday,"January 21, 2023","Please fix notification settings. Suddenly I am unable to silence notifications, the button is just missing. I'm going to have to uninstall the app, all the boxes are unchecked and yet I'm still getting notifications, it's maddening",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
767,Sara,"January 9, 2023","It has been 3 years since iOS got dark mode. Since then, they've messed with the icons to where you can't tell if videos have sounds or not and have been pushing paid premium on us, along with making avatars more ugly. All the while they haven't even been able to give Android users the basic feature of dark mode. Why on earth would I even consider paying for an app that obviously only cares about less than half of its user base? It should never take 3 years to give all of your users a feature.",21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
768,Logan Barney,"February 10, 2023","I really hate the quick add section. I'm on snap to talk to friends, not be bombarded by random profiles every time I try to read a message. Make a new page for the random people. Or just, you know, get rid of it.",0,2,snap_chat
769,Kylee Madrid,"January 31, 2023",I was able to save snaps in chat or screenshot for a long time but now I can't. If I try to screenshot it blurs. And it won't let me save anything in chat. Not good. I'll change my star rating if that changes,9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
770,Chidera Okigbo,"December 19, 2022","For the past one week I've not been able to send snaps, reply message and view snaps but I receive notifications. After logging out and logging in and also uninstalling and reinstalling, it's still does the same thing why??? Please help out, I don't want to loose my account.",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
771,Laddy Dr,"January 20, 2023","Every time I try to rewatch a snap I posted, an oops something went wrong message pops up. For recent and older snaps. Also when I try to share an old snap it says oops something went wrong. This needs to be remedied immediately. The update did not fix the problem as I hoped it would. Also whenever a snap replays the emojis automatically pops up at the bottom of the screen blocking the view of the whatever is written there.",218 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
772,Dana Emleh,"February 2, 2023",I just updated it and the app isn't working. I uninstalled it and installed It again for the old version but it just updated again and none of the buttons on the camera screen are working. I can't go to chats or stories or spotlight,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
773,James Gotchall,"January 8, 2023","I liked this app before it started loading ads in the middle of my videos from those i follow on it. Now it's just a free chat app and everything else besides the camera has ads galore, can't even watch a 2 minute clip without 2 forced ad breaks",24 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
774,491 Gayatri Kanwar,"January 29, 2023",It's a good app for click pictures as it has lots of filters but sometimes it does not work properly like sometime snapchat camera does not open or sometimes capture snaps will automatic got deleted so please work on it. Thanks:),15 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
775,JustMeJJ,"December 22, 2022","dude my account got temporarily locked and it's been a week and I can't even create a new account or even use the app. Snapchats customer service sucks. I've been using Snapchat for over 3 years and they took my account and won't give it back. I've contacted them multiple times but have gotten no replies. Snapchat needs to get there stuff together, there service phone number doesn't even work. I'm going to have to get a new phone just to use snap.",7 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
776,Tavares Speer,"December 18, 2022","After the last update whenever I take a photo with the app and try to send the story, the app freezes. I have to upload a photo externally in order to send which kind of seems pointless.",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
777,Emily England,"December 18, 2022","After this latest updated my snap has been being weird, it won't let me send my snaps, it doesn't reload, my snap doesn't open the snaps I click, my location doesn't work.etc. it needs to be fixed. This all happened after I just updated it.",6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
778,Graham Hope,"December 10, 2022",Quality has plummeted. App freezes when you take a long video. No way to save or post video when the app is frozen. Don't find out the hard way. Take your pics and videos in another app to be safe.,5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
779,Olive Poynter,"January 28, 2023",My camera is lagging alot I've updated and deleted everything on my memories including camera roll please help and fix this bug! And it's also glitching when I take videos or put a filter. Please fix it I wanna add more to my photos without it glitching.everything else is fine,212 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
780,Lee Daly,"January 9, 2023","My account has just been deleted for little to no explanation, all memories lost, I haven't done anything to violate community guidelines, sent an email to you guys, no response. I've been a loyal user for 9-10 years almost everyday I don't understand why this happend. Would like to shed some light on situation and talk to someone who can help. Thank you.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
781,Yuki,"February 16, 2023",Add dark mode as the light mode hurts my eyes. Idk why android users can't get the option for dark mode after so long. I like using the app but it seriously does hurt my eyes because of how bright it is (my brightness is always below 25% of the max as well and all my other apps are in dark mode for this same reason). Please add this option for Android like you did for iOS users.,0,3,snap_chat
782,Janavi Rathod,"February 9, 2023","Camera never opene on time !!!! And mostly buffering...... !!!! New update is totally silly and awkward to use it !! Please do it, as it is! Like camera work on full screen and also to make a video, as before !!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
783,Lloyd,"December 7, 2022","I like snapchat and its features, but what are your priorities? Why make the change to the new 3D bitmoji icons, which I'm pretty sure most people don't like, bring back the 2D ones, or atleast an option to toggle between them Where is dark mode for android... nearly 2 years its been on Apple. I understand its a bit different as the phones can differ along more compared to IOS but this is a bit ridiculous.",17 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
784,Alonzo Alverez,"February 18, 2023",I like this app but then the update made it were you can't go to people you previously had as a friend and look at messages you had without adding them back if they are no longer your friend you cant see the messages,0,3,snap_chat
785,Matt W,"January 22, 2023",Your notification system has become increasingly annoying. Options to modify what notifications you receive are worthless and don't work. Time to switch to any of the dozens of competitors,10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
786,Shabana Hossain,"December 15, 2022",Kind Good Evening to all. I m not able to use Snapchat from past 5 days do something when ever I open my Snapchat it starts to buffer idk why and it is really annoying me. I want the team to go through my problem and try to get a solution for that as soon as possible cuz this is breaking my snaps streaks. Please kindly look into it. Or else due to compulsion I have to reduce the number of stars. Accept for that this app is great and I love it. Thank You.,5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
787,Jackie Antoun Elias,"December 29, 2022","Pls stop your annoying commercial ads in the games. It's so much annoying. Every time it comes up, I have to restart the game and other apps using the sound system on my phone.",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
788,Roman Garcia,"February 19, 2023",Ever since I updated the app all my pictures are blurry. I deleted the app and reinstalled it to see if that helps but it didn't. I can no longer take clear pictures on Snapchat app. Please fix this. I really love this app.,0,1,snap_chat
789,Nga Hoang,"January 14, 2023","Best app i have ever had but a few suggestions: bug fix the games and when we use lenses put them in the list. Most of the games arent glitchy but aquapark is very buggy. When i move around i noclip and i die and small glitch on color galaxy, when i make a line someone kills me when they r in they're territory.",49 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
790,Dayo Adeniyi,"January 12, 2023","Snapchat is soo overrated It's so restrictive and difficult. Very user unfriendly. How come I already hit my friend limit and can't add anymore friends in a matter of months? Why is the friend limit so low? And when you add too many new friends your account gets locked. Two of my accounts have been permanently locked. Like I said, completely overrated. The only app that deletes messages after you read it or after 24 hours. A social app that's against having friends. Snapcodes doesn't always work",17 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
791,Affan Khan,"February 4, 2023","I have subscribed to snapchat+ but am unable to use it because according to the snapchat.. My I was not subscribed.. This is ridiculous, I have been charged and am unable to use it.. Seriously after paying am not getting the subscription not even the refund. As it shows the subscription was cancelled from my side.. If it is so, then why the money got debited from my account?",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
792,Sarah Stokes,"January 28, 2023",Everything was okay until I did the updated now I'm not receiving messages that people said they've sent. And not being able to to see saved conversations or pictures! In order to read any of my messages I have to keep uninstall and reinstalling the app which is f'n stupid 🤬🤬🤬🤬😡,12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
793,Shaye Quinn,"January 23, 2023","This app is great to connect with people but, there is an issue I have. I don't like the idea of chats I have with people being deleted after 24 hours! It would be really appreciated if I could have the option to have these chats up forever. It's really disappointing and I might have to delete it soon. I really hope you understand.",7 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
794,Shubham Deep,"February 6, 2023","Game option is disappeared, Game mode is one of the best thing in this ,we all friends are always playing games but now that game option you removed. I want the games back as soon as possible.",0,2,snap_chat
795,Itz Svrite,"January 13, 2023","it's just laggy. I go to send a snap, and when I get to the page where it shows all my friends and if I try to click out of it to close it. it will do the animation of it closing for about 2 seconds. I didn't notice it at first, really, but it has gotten extremely annoying over time. I also have a brand new s22, so it shouldn't be a phone issue",66 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
796,5 ANGEL 15 AYAN,"January 29, 2023",My complain to snap chat is that it isn't working properly..I am unaware to give replies on it..And it always starts hanging..It was capable of getting g 5 stars but..Because of the app isn't working properly I gave it 4 stars.. The problem is that..sometimes it need to re-download the app..sometimes it doesn't opens my camera..And most of the times I am unable to Open chats..And my memory gets cleaned of by it self Whenever I save anything in chats it gets vanished up.Please fix the problem-Tnx,17 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
797,Priyam Sharma,"December 28, 2022",My friends cannot save my snaps in chat even when I sent it on infinite timer. I have reported this issue many time but still no response from the support. I have also reported this as bug but still no response. The customer support and feedback is very bad even though it's very popular app,7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
798,David May,"February 7, 2023","IF I COULD GIVE ZERO STARS OR BREAK A DEVS JAW, I WOULD...ItWon't let me view snaps at times. Or it'll let you sometimes replay a snap. Other times, you get nothing. The text is CONSTANTLY being deleted...and if you have any sort of VPN, good luck getting anything through. The only reason for this is my GF. And til it's fixed. NO I WILL NOT CHANGE MY REVIEW.",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
799,Eric Pettit,"December 31, 2022","I switched accounts and its locked me on the camera page, I cannot take a picture or interact with the interface at all. I can still see the camera being active while not being able to interact at all.",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
800,Ang,"September 24, 2022","Can't watch a story because it keeps repeating and when you try to tap to get back where it was an ad starts. Ad ends and story repeats back to beginning, you never get to watch the whole story. I hate this, followed a few but can't watch them because of this bug. It's been like this for almost a year. I downloaded tictok, no ads and no repeating until story is actually over.","19,980 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
801,JD (JdGrath),"January 5, 2023","After subscribing to snapchat+, when I choose wallpaper for chat from camera roll, it appears for the first few mins in the chat but after closing and reopening the app, it doesn't show in chat but on selecting change wallpaper it shows that there is a wallpaper but it doesn't show up. Can you look into that issue? only the snapchat+ wallpaper show in chats.",23 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
802,Lawson Woods,"February 8, 2023",Camera support still sucks. Can y'all at least add the feature of being able to listen to music and not have a video story or A LITERAL AD interrupt my song. This was on iphone in 2014. I assume Snapchat has a different team make their android apps vs iPhone but they are even close to the same.,10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
803,Penny Dreadful Waters,"February 3, 2023",What's with the massive black gap in the camera it looks hideous and makes all the photos look too small or too big when you post them instead of a full screen picture please get rid of this !! 😡,0,1,snap_chat
804,Chris Chaires,"January 12, 2023","Latest update has frozen the app- camera loads but I can't flip camera, touch any options, swipe to stories or chat. I've restarted the phone. Force closed the app. Deleted and reinstalled the app. It works fine on my iPhone.",27 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
805,Roshan Lal Saroj,"December 25, 2022","It was working well until i updated it a week ago. Now i cant use my id and it's sickening. What should i do, i have my hundreds of pictures in that account. I tried mailing your site, it did not worked. What should i do now. Its very troublesome. The main problem is i am able to open the app but after that it's not working at all. Help me out .. This is sickening",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
806,Cameron Adams,"February 4, 2023",I just want dark mode. Seriously I think Snapchat has a bias towards Android as IOS gets crammed with features and android is generations behind. We only just recently were able to pin contacts to the top so there's that.,0,3,snap_chat
807,Suhani Gupta,"January 23, 2023","I love this app, but there is problems with the location sticker sometimes it doesn't show the location when we send it to others. It's a really good and useful app, I love it! Just try to fix this problem asap.",15 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
808,Matthew Samuel,"January 27, 2023",Theres something that u need to fix... that will make ypur app more communicatable than it actually is ok. When u are trying to call in the app people have to be in it for it to ring. Can u fix that to where it rings like whatspp or phone . That will make your app more imursive. And i dont know if this is already a feature but it will be amazing to have... but other than that really great app,6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
809,Mike Vignaly,"January 11, 2023",Snapchat was great for the first 8/9 years but over the last six months the amount of (awfully programmed) porn bots that have migrated to the app is incredibly frustrating. I'm getting 3+ friend requests a day from scam bots and it's very annoying. Do better.,23 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
810,BULLET X WOUND,"February 16, 2023",Music library is trash. Missing a lot of artists and even then It the artist you want shows up the song selection is limited. Instagram has a better story options,0,1,snap_chat
811,Echoe,"December 18, 2022","My overall experience is absolutely amazing. I do wish that Snapchat would make it an option for the story to send you a notification when someone views your story. At least, that is how I feel. Thank you Snapchat for being amazing!",30 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
812,Maria Kolynyak,"January 24, 2023",How do I get in contact with someone about someone having into my account or creating account without my permission with my email address! - no one got back to me. High dislike the filter edit option after u take an image/video. If text ends up by it I can't move text.,18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
813,Maria aa,"February 12, 2023","It keeps logging out while using it. Then I have to download it again. It's really annoying. And many times when entering Snapchat, its entire screen turns white or blurry.",0,1,snap_chat
814,Lucy Hamburger,"December 27, 2022","I have had snapchat for a while, but in the past few days it says that my camera can not me used and I have to restart the application. I don't even what the application is, so I just tried uninstalling it then reinstalling it but that still did not work. So now on calls or even when I just try to snap someone it don't let me take a photo and the screen is black.",14 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
815,D M,"December 10, 2022","The ads are. Out. Of. CONTROL! You can't even watch a clip anymore without an ad every 12 secs! And all these ppl adding me so I can ""buy content"" is absolutely ridiculous! Is this a sex site or an enhanced texting app? No thank you. Uninstalling! 👎🏾",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
816,Emilija Valančiūtė,"December 6, 2022",I love the app it's good and everyting. I have it for a long time now it was working amazing. But the 3d bitmojis ruinded everyting. I wish that you could switch from 2d to 3d if you wanted to. But now it just looks weird tbh. Overall a very nice app.,4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
817,dabomb la,"February 11, 2023","This app is awesome for talking to friends, but the snap stories are hell. Every 3 1/2 seconds there's a random ad so I have scroll out then back in to skip/leave the ad. Why? At least make it WATCHABLE.",0,3,snap_chat
818,Som Singh,"December 31, 2022","One of the best app ...i like it bcz it has best filters and we can make videos of 1 min and downlaod them and make friends and post pictures, videos in stories or to your friends... Or any other platform.. I hope..it works more better bcz it always stop my some filters and blank the screen and make it small screen in corner... Thanks developers... For this good app hope my problem will be solute soon...",8 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
819,Sarfaraaz Khan,"January 18, 2023",This app is just wowwww bcz it help us to look more beautiful 😛with the help of their filters and making streaks option is another level of time passing game.....and Spotlights are also interesting!!! I surely recommend you to all you can install it fast without thinking anything ❤️ #snaplover😝,80 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
820,Mr. MonsterYT,"January 30, 2023","Loving the new update, makes you a pedophile because it keeps recommending underage girls in the discover section on the app. Can't even turn it off either. Just shows young kids from their profile stories is just wrong and doesn't even consent the user about it or even give an option to turn it off. This app is discusting and needs to be fixed right away.",250 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
821,Rob Cole,"December 7, 2022","Snapchat itself is fun when you got a few friends to snap. Biggest problem I have had over the last 2 years that still isnt resolved is so many fake accounts add your user name randomly. All they offer is links to spam sites and send videos of girls doing ""things"" to themselves. Happens about 3 times a week. Apart from the terrible security thry have, it's a great app",4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
822,Jake W,"January 5, 2023",APP FORCE CLOSING. Can messages friends but when I click on stories to view the app closing g down on it's on. Some friends to say they are not receiving messages from me. I've unstalled and installed and the same issues occur.,60 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
823,Random K-Pop Stan (JJ),"January 19, 2023","The app is okay but I hate how the My Eyes Only option, You can type in your code but it won't let you see the things you put in there. I have two of them in there & I want them back or see them but it keeps saying that there was an error & to try again later. Please fix this, It's been like this for a long time now.",11 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
824,Khushi Gupta,"January 31, 2023","I m giving only 1 star! This is because my previous I'd is not working ..like it doesn't open now ..When I do open that it shows black screen and I am not able to open single chat and even can't click picture there..which is really annoying to me because I was using that I'd for 2 years....i have there lost so many pictures,friends and memories ... Snapchat you should not make disappoint to us...please fix this problem!",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
825,CJ Kay,"December 31, 2022","I'd love to rate higher but y'all keep changing things that DONT NEED IT! EX:, we're only allowed to post 11 second videos now? THATS SO STUPID!! Wtfff. Also, i will be in the middle of editing a video or pic & it'll start wiggin out.. skipping & glitching, like whaaat?!? Then I have to start over & it doesn't save any of my recent gifs or stickers so that's even more annoying. It was 5 stars BEFORE THE UPDATES, now it's going to trash. idk what y'all did but please change it back!! 🙄",8 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
826,Shelby Bell,"December 7, 2022","You guys need to fix your bugs. It's really annoying that even after the update the app won't work, my videos and Snapchats won't send no matter how good my internet connection is or is constantly telling me someone's added me when no one did. Fix your damn app!!!!",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
827,Benjamin Wakefield,"January 14, 2023","Wow! What an app, one minute I'm typing away and within the space of a second the message flies right across the world 🤯; Furthermore if you are writing a message and include a website it pops up with the link when you send it 🤯🤯. Only reason it's 4 stars not 5 is that it only seems to work with guys, I have tried to message several girls but it just says opened?? Overall great app 👍👍👍.",23 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
828,Ridhu PR,"January 28, 2023",I hate the new update.. it's so annoying to use. I can't even move my caption.. if i want to then the filter is changing because the caption placed in that filter area. That makes so annoying!,6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
829,Fadeelat Adeshewa,"January 28, 2023","I got logged out of my Snapchat chat while using the app, I tried logging in but it say my account has been deactivated. I tried to reactivate it and it says it can noybe reactivated. I sent several mails but no response. Kindly fix this issue. I can't afford to lose all my snaps since 2019🥲",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
830,Daniel Richards,"February 14, 2023","Used to be a good app. The ""reply to..."" box covers the bottom 10% of stories and snaps, often obscuring text or other details. Who approved this? Huge mistake.",0,2,snap_chat
831,Mansi Soni,"February 17, 2023",Everything thing is good about snapchat but I'm facing problem in finding birthdays of my friends. I can't see that rocket icon where we can see upcoming birthdays of our friends. I've updated my snapchat so many times but still I can't see that icon. Kindly fix this bug.......,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
832,Mahi Rawat,"December 23, 2022","It is good app to chat, click photos there are many filters and music in it it is very easy to use this app and you can also make friends in it . You can chat with him / her and send snap and you also send stories but sometimes snapchat is not responding .",38 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
833,Summa smith,"December 27, 2022","I got this app not long ago and it seems to be working very well. After all the reviews I read on this app there was a lot of, bugs, glitches and etc. But overall I enjoy this app so far with all the filters and the options. It's a very fun app and I recommend completely! 😍",171 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
834,Yee Yee,"January 13, 2023","The new update has slide-up borders that block the bottoms of images in chats, stories, news, and completely covers up subtitles, making the app now unusable for me on my phone. Also images now crop half the image off until I tap on them.",26 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
835,Hailey Lewis,"January 4, 2023",This app has been giving me issues it doesn't show people's names and when people message me I have to save their message in the chàt to see what they are saying. I have tried reinstalling and uninstall this is whole time but I still seems to not be working 😞,6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
836,Alex Murdoch,"January 15, 2023",Ad experience is awful. Interrupting in the middle of a video several times is outright annoying. More ads than any other platform. Update has big bar on bottom of screen which blocks the view.,23 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
837,Minecraft Genius,"January 12, 2023","it always needs to be updated, and calling on here sucks really bad. I don't really see the point in having this, I only keep it just to communicate with someone who doesn't have their phone atm. I'll give it three stars only because the other features are fine. I just really hate calling in this app.",12 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
838,Alana,"January 18, 2023","It's nice and all, option to disable snapmap, but when I wanna view my friends stories, the progress bar isn't there. I tried googling it but there were no solutions. Please fix this.",11 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
839,Tiffanie Marie,"February 10, 2023",Someone hacked my account and no matter how many times I messaged to get it resolved I had no reply back. You guys need to figure this out so people can get their accounts back. I created a new account because of no answer but I'm ready to delete it. Especially since they really don't care about fixing the problem.,0,1,snap_chat
840,Brendin Thompson,"January 3, 2023","Not a bad app overall. Only rating 1 star because they introduced a ""snapchat plus"" subscription and it doesn't even get rid of ads. The included ""upgrades"" definitely do not warrent a subscription cost without removing ads.",14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
841,JulianV007,"January 23, 2023","I'm getting spammed by friend requests. Allow me to turn them off. They find me by username, which cannot be turned off. The notifications are not their own category, so I cannot turn them off without turning off notifications for snaps, which would make the app pointless.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
842,Bee,"January 8, 2023","There's a weird glitch in Android rn where I can't open use the app. It's like the buttons stopped working. Also the new ""realistic"" bitmojis are ugly and awful (edit:) I changed my review to 2 stars because the previous glitch was fixed but the bitmojis got worse! They're so fugly!!!",17 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
843,Anjali Bauchoo,"February 1, 2023",It was brilliant but I didn't get a timer when my streak was ending and I still had my streak with someone and it didn't show on their side. The new camera automatically has the black bar. Snapchat isn't what if used to be,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
844,Michael Bursey,"February 10, 2023",Sends multiple unnecessary and unwanted notifications. When I turned notifications off for snapchat it now asks me every single time I open the app to turn notifications back on. No thanks.,0,1,snap_chat
845,Lucas Budd,"February 16, 2023","The main screen of snap does not work with the samsung fold 3. There are thick boarders around the edge, then when you open the phone to send a pic, the text is tiny.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
846,Taylor Davis,"January 31, 2023","My fav app... But I hate the new blocking, snap should make it clear when you've been blocked and not keep the profile there and when someone readds you after blocking u the app can't keep up. It'll still act like your blocked until the other person readds you and sends a message and it'll still keep certain aspects of the profile hidden. Also I wish we could go live on snap",16 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
847,Vanaah,"December 31, 2022","I'm not sure what changed but not only does it take off image space (??) The app doesn't format correctly and fit my screen, but constantly keeps crashing and loses all my text. Also where's dark mode 💀",5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
848,King SunXi,"December 13, 2022","Great App! I just don't like how it opens the next person's story without you knowing who it is. It use to be that you can swipe and choose the next story you want to view. Now, you have no choice. Fix that! :)",4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
849,Piyush Anand,"February 9, 2023","The app has too many ads. And irrelevant ones too. Also, the cameos feature is kinda irritating. There must be a feature to temporarily and permanently disable the feature of bitmoji or cameos.",0,3,snap_chat
850,Millie A,"December 31, 2022","This app has terrible customer service. My account was locked since it was compromised, not my fault since I never did anything wrong. I emailed Snapchat kindly from their website asking them to get my account back, since that account contained all of my memories,contacts and I cherish it. It's been a month since it was locked without my control, and I'm frustrated in Snapchat's lack of assistance and have still not been responded from my email.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
851,Saurav Samajdar,"February 12, 2023","Oh my gawd i loved this app... But this new update? Hell naw. I had like a bunch of specific filters in the fyp , and suddenly they are all gone . when i am making a video , it litteraly became so tough to change filter.. The previous ver was very easy . please bring back the previous version, i used to love vlogging and now it became hard to vlog on sc",0,3,snap_chat
852,Sarah Girsch,"December 6, 2022",Would love it if I could stop getting weekly notifications that this app has been detected using my microphone to record 15 minutes of audio at a time. I know our phones are pretty much just one big recording device but no other app is as bad as this one,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
853,Trixie Boi,"January 3, 2023",I HATE the new trash can implementation where you can drag a text to it and delete the whole message it would be alright if it was IN THE MIDDLE OF THE PHONE you end up deleting long messages just because you drag them to where you want to put them IN THE BOTTOM CENTER OF THE SCREEN and it deletes them immediately such a stupid thing to add and it really makes me question who thought that was a good idea,6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
854,Teegan Keogh,"February 4, 2023","I use it every day to connect friends and family but every so often it just shuts down causing me to uninstall and install it again, you cant take photos or text anyone and you cant log out either. this is an update and I am sick of this app I have moved it down to 2 stars it never works i always have to uninstall it after every 5 hrs when it just shuts down. a complete waste",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
855,Jesvin Joby,"February 13, 2023",I think this app definitely help everyone to explore and give courage to appear in front of the world. It would help me a lot improve my character. Before using this app I'm were an introvert. But now Snapchat help me to engage and chat with my friends without any Problems Thank you Snapchat,5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
856,KREENA PARMAR,"January 28, 2023","Fine app but it's getting way more comfortable with unnecessary ads, okay if you have a premium facility but you can't force a user to get one by putting more and more ads if they don't want to, pls work on that.",5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
857,Asylum Junior,"December 20, 2022","Really enjoy the app. I just wish we had the same features on android that iPhone has. Ex: Dark Mode How come the iPhone has dark mode but android doesn't? Every other app allows android to have dark mode Ex: App icons Now, this is more towards if you have snapchat Plus, but the iPhone has wayyyyy more options for app icons, like holiday theme app icons, etcetera. There is more, but that pretty much sums it up",8 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
858,A Google user,"February 18, 2023",I love this app it's really great but I have a motorla 5G uw one and ever since yesterday when I take a picture the screen is smaller and when I save to memories and view the picture it has a black bar at the bottom.PLEASE FIX THIS.,0,5,snap_chat
859,Saryn Waters,"February 3, 2023","Take away the black bars on the top and bottom of the screen. I'll type something out, it'll automatically go to the bottom of the screen, making me unable to move it because of the stupid filter tabs and no one can see what I said. Whats the point",0,1,snap_chat
860,Jitendra Tomar,"February 19, 2023",I just don't know that why every single snap i click just goes blank ... Like i would click nice aesthetic picture and when i send it to my friends... It nothing but blank i waited for sometime to see if its just a glitch but nah ... Its still the same ... Fix this asap!!!,0,1,snap_chat
861,Makenzie-sue Schultz,"February 12, 2023","I love snap n all, but it just gets boring. One thing I hate is that I can't turn my notifications off now, so now I keep getting spammed by people. Please fix this problem and make it back to how it was, and also ik it's not my phone.",0,3,snap_chat
862,Destroyer “Destroyer599868” Bobbo,"January 14, 2023",Just got the app and I have two major problems. I don't want to take pictures but to use the app you have to allow snapchat access to your camera and microphone. Secondly there is no way to turn off astrology signs no matter times you try.,18 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
863,Rishi Kumar,"December 28, 2022","Getting very much disappointment from the app day by day.. I am not able to understand that what is the exact problem with it. Suddenly it stops working, no snaps , no chat , no friends 😭😢 and the user is helpless for all the issues. Worst experience these days🥴😡🤬",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
864,Ollie Emeritus,"February 11, 2023",have to open and close the text chat multiple times every time I receive a message to be able to see it or be able scroll in the chat. really annoying and just started happening with the last update,0,1,snap_chat
865,Doug Campbell,"December 20, 2022","Whatever Snapcrap just did in the latest release has screwed the pooch ... requesting some permission it's never required in the past and now I can't get it to open! Sucked into building up a network of friends and family and now there's a growing list of messages and ""snaps"" I can't reply to ... this SUX!!! Hope someone over there in development can figure it and and fix it!! I guess it could be it's the next step in personal information harvesting though and in that case, guess it won't!",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
866,Keira B-H,"December 13, 2022",Fine but no darkmode! I am on samsung and I have no app appearance setting. I much prefer the dark setting and the white screen of snapchat being opened is always horrid and makes me not want to use the app. I see tutorials on how to get dark mode but the setting isnt there.,5 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
867,Sayeda R Shafi Shah,"January 11, 2023","It's hanging on my phone.... firstly asking for an updation to show the features, then after an updation that shown feature will be shown on the installation of Snapchat+. The latest updated version is too slow and takes too long to respond. Very disappointed :(",30 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
868,Luke Witten,"December 23, 2022",The app works like it is supposed to but the discover page is disgusting and there is no way to disable it. You can't look at your friends stories without being inundated with click bait trash and half naked women. I have no interest in your misleading click bait garbage. Let me disable it. I have no use for or interest in the discover section.,5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
869,jj jones,"February 17, 2023",I have had a bug and nothings working all I can do.is post my story it worked for a while but it did it before once but I got it to work but then today it stopped working and steady been tryn to get it to work and I've already told u about the problem and and reported the bug and nothing has happened I've tried eveything !!,0,1,snap_chat
870,Lina Kulsum,"February 5, 2023",I saved some of my memories in my eyes only and uninstalled snapchat for storage issues. I thought it would be stored safely but now I am unable to find it in my snapchat 'my eyes' part. Pathetic!!! Very disappointed with this. I'm really hoping for a reply from team snapchat.,0,1,snap_chat
871,Yuvraj Maan,"February 7, 2023","When I open to change the clothes it does not work, for a while it buffers and then it's stopped or jammed. Also if I try to go back to camera and chats it does not work.",0,3,snap_chat
872,Brooklyin dunn,"January 14, 2023","Snapchat is my #1 app out of all the apps I use. It is very useful, and I usually use it everyday. Thanks to Snapchat I can contact friends and family without having to text and call them on my phone. I can also access Snapchat through the web which is very helpful, and I can also access it on any device!!!",95 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
873,Tanya Sharma,"February 17, 2023","This is a enjoyable app but sometimes it makes so much glitches.....im using this from past so many years but i don't know what happens in this sometimes....although i like this app so much..for making videoes , funny pictures , and many more.....and yaa whenever this glitches happen i checked it on playstore and it said to update....how much updation happens in snapchat 😑 why? ....on the daily basis within 2 days this app needs updation 😩....plzz look into this matter....bcoz this app........",0,3,snap_chat
874,Rowan,"November 9, 2022","Still can't add a photo or video in my gallery or Google photos directly from snapchat. You have to go into those external apps and share to SC. Also, why are videos for stories still limited to less than 11 seconds? What an arbitrary length of time. Make longer videos available. Thirdly, maybe this is already a setting and I just haven't noticed it yet, but it would be nice to be able to have a ghost mode when typing so I don't feel watched in real time while I'm composing a message.","16,334 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
875,Grigory Batov,"January 9, 2023","Good app, the one feature I'd want to see is dark mode. It's annoying to have to use an older APK and enable force dark mode on my phone. Apple had had this for around 2 years, how difficult can it be to add a color scheme?",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
876,Ciel Toussaint,"February 10, 2023","Snapchat will not load whatsoever, I can hardly take pictures let alone snap my friends or view their stories. This has been going on for quite some time now, and I'd like this bug to be fixed. :/ Please stop adding updates it's just ruining the app.",0,2,snap_chat
877,Elise Alder,"December 13, 2022",Snapchat has always been brilliant but since it has temporarily locked my account and I can't even make.a new one without the same error message then I can't rate it. I have mailed the support and they can't seem to help either. It will loose alot of snappers,6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
878,Yogesh Jadhav,"February 19, 2023",Firstly this app was one of my favourite app but then one day I go to send snap to my friends the send button is was not work and then I deleted the app and after some time I installed it again then the app was working nice the after 14-15 days now the same problem is happening please fix it really like this app so so much ✨,0,4,snap_chat
879,Dryden D,"December 31, 2022","Changed to 1* as the privacy settings do not work. I have set ""who can view my story"" to friends only MULTIPLE times, and people who I have blocked, as well as people I do not know are still able to view my story. Will put this back to 5 when fixed.",13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
880,Rafiya Syed,"December 23, 2022","I don't know what's happening with my snapchat since three days. It just keeps on logging out every time I open it and now it's saying that the password of the ""my eyes only"" section is wrong while I'm actually entering the right password and the only way to recover it is by deleting all its data. I don't know why I need to loose my data when I'm actually entering the right password that was working for me three days ago and now suddenly it's incorrect. Please fix it. This is really unacceptable",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
881,Joshua Holmes,"January 19, 2023","Latest update dropped optimisation for any of the Zfold series, the screen only fills half of the display when taking or recording a snap, and any written text bugs out of the editable range of the screen. Will update rating when this issue is patched.",18 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
882,Will Good,"January 2, 2023","Forces you to open camera instead of opening the camera when you need it (serious concern if a breach was to occur). Plagued with bots. Claims to be privacy oriented but doesn't coerce it's users to be so (e.g. calling location tracking ""ghost mode"" and making it into an ""on"" toggle). I personally suspect there is already a massive breach judging from how lazy the devs are. They're busy working on features instead of polishing the app.",10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
883,Frederik Zimmermann,"December 27, 2022","Great app, but the stories are super annoying with a lot of ads. And when i take a photo and want to add text it sometimes does not open the keyboard.",6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
884,Fallon Sims,"February 3, 2023","The filters and typing captions on snap is making the app freak out, it's causing snap to freeze and you can't send it and you can't save anything anymore.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
885,Freeeze Games,"February 18, 2023","I like this app for being able to post things happening in my life but otherwise, I have have run into nothing but bots, extortionists, and scammers. The platform is full of them and I can't report them fast enough.",0,2,snap_chat
886,Reese'sGhost 1775 (Reese'sGhost),"January 14, 2023","pretty good for the last few years. ups and downs w updates but i like it. use it to keep in touch w older friends, fun way to communicate. tbh the only thing id LOVE to see, and im sure others would too, is a friggin' dark mode for Android!!! all the other platforms have a dark mode except for Snapchat!! PLEASE!!! GET DARK MODE PLEASE!! 🥺🤞🏻🙏🏼",155 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
887,Neha Keswani,"February 9, 2023",I am using Snapchat since 2016... I just love Snapchat alot... It is the best app for chats and filter pics .... But there is one point I dont really like about Snapchat is that there is no dark mode option for Android users... As most of people nowadays like dark mode in apps ... So Snapchat should fix it and make dark mode available for Android users too.... It would be very helpful,0,3,snap_chat
888,Saba Naaz,"December 18, 2022","It's third day i have been facing this problem. Am not able to send Or receive snaps.. At the end of the day like their is only few seconds remain to loos my streaks it will start working around 10 pm .. I hav uninstalled, updated, checked my network connection.. Plz solve it!",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
889,Leeona Marie,"December 29, 2022","Perfect texting app! Has lots of cool features including photos, filters, spotlight (Little tiktoks), if you want your location off go to snap map! This is free (unless you want premium)",46 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
890,〰Nini〰,"January 14, 2023",The last few months snapchat has been lagging really badly and every time i wrote a message or send a snapchat to anyone it just didn't send and even refreshing didn't help it. It just deletes the message after its been send and it's starting to become really annoying. Fix it,12 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
891,Steven Calcano,"December 15, 2022",Decided to finally gives snapchat a chance and what do you know! it let me down just like I expected. went into the stories section and literally an add was thrown in my face for every single story that I watched. some of them even happened during the story. I am not dealing with this Chinese piece of garbage spyware app. UNINSTALLED. & DEACTIVATED. I rather deal with Instagram and Facebook Stories,6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
892,Tabitha,"December 7, 2022","Its a great app and all, I use it as my main source of communication, I just really really really hate opening up my phone and the white screen burning my eyeballs out of socket at night. I have a note, and it looks like dark mode is only available for iPhone users, im just here asking to please make dark mode available for Android users. The only other complaint I have is probably that the 3D bitmojis look dumb and miss the bitmoji look before the 3D, but other then that it's great.",46 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
893,Rana Samé,"February 17, 2023","App is great but the only problem that i face is, there is no option to remove someone from the group that caused me to face many difficulties when some unknown person were added, mistakenly...",0,4,snap_chat
894,Celine Mota,"February 18, 2023",This feature needs to be fixed asap. Trying to delete old snaps/snap stories with an ex and it keeps reappearing. I've tried deleting it 6 different times!,0,1,snap_chat
895,benedict aditya trianda,"February 15, 2023",Its doing ok i guess. Problem is that the sticker function is not working properly. It wont allow me to create stickers of the selection i made. It crops it out on a weird angle and is distorted. Pls fix this asap,0,1,snap_chat
896,Ariesa Rosensteel,"December 19, 2022","It used to work quite well, but lately nothing will load. I have tried restarting my phone, logging out then back in, and even deleting the app and redownloading it. Nothing works. Get this fixed please.",6 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
897,Dawson Jones (CrazyCreeperGaming),"December 22, 2022","Its good until your account gets compromised. The apps security kind of sucks. If your account gets compromised and deactivated, then there's nothing you can do to recover it. Then support says there's nothing they can do to help but don't worry, ""we understand your frustration"".",6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
898,jahan zaib,"February 7, 2023",Unable to use the app after opening the screen gets black and I'm unable to use any feature. Restarted my phone multiple times still facing the same issue.,0,1,snap_chat
899,Gabby Cremeans,"January 11, 2023","I'm just trying to figure out why iphones can have snapchat in dark mode, but people with androids can't? It's pretty frustrating because all of my other apps are in dark mode but I don't have the ""appearance"" option in my snap settings to change it. 😒",43 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
900,FruitloopDigus,"February 11, 2023","Updated: The new latest updated sucks. Why is there a space on the screen when taking a picture? Terrible design. why does Apple products only get the options for ""dark mode"" for appearances and Android doesn't? That's so stupid man...😐",0,1,snap_chat
901,Sierra Clifton,"September 19, 2022",It's nice when it works properly. But lately I've been having a lot of trouble getting pages I've subscribed to like Cameo stories and Bitmoji stories to load. It churns forever and then goes black. I know I have good internet connection because every other app on my phone loads. I've tried closing the app and opening it again but it doesn't help. It's disappointing that I can't see the stories or watch episodes of pages that have shows nor send them to friends,"2,757 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
902,Pramatha Bhatt,"December 14, 2022","I love using Snapchat. It's filters are amazing to try. The features are endless, I specially love the ""Astrological Birthday"" thing. I would suggest Snapchat to add ""Belts"" as new clothing item in the App. It would really be good for In-Shirt Outfits. I would also suggest to introduce ""Height"" thing for the bitmojis, like we can feed our in real life height into them or something.",145 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
903,Evelina Komanov,"December 15, 2022","Since 2 days I can't open my chats properly, they just stay white and don't show/open the messages. It's so annoying, I uninstalled and installed Snapchat again, same thing. Restarted my phone, same thing. I hope they fix this soon 'cuz I ain't waiting half an hour for a chat to finally open (if it even opens).",4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
904,Barbie Grant,"February 3, 2023","I love the app but from my laptop it says there's an updated version but no ACTUAL way for me to update it. I tried deleting the app and redownloading it but it still only shows half my stuff using the error code ""I used an updated version to create so update on this device"" which is updated and this is a newer computer than the videos created so idk but still luv",0,4,snap_chat
905,Anaya Larkins,"January 10, 2023",It works at a good pace which is nice. But everytime i take a snap guess what happends. It takes me right out of the app everytime i push the arrow. This is a disgrace because it needs lots of inprovment. Please fix this or I'll uninstall the snapchat app. I don't want to do that so please fix this.😂😯😠,80 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
906,Meliodas Bot,"December 10, 2022",idk somehow my message are sending with a delay like type anything & click on send using keyboard it wont send fr many minutes sometimes thete is a delay of more then 10 minutes. my internet connection is stable & rest working fine. All other apps are fine too It started happening from last 2 updates,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
907,Julia Ronbeck,"December 30, 2022","So everything was going fine. My camera worked, I could talk with people and yada yada. But since the start of this week I couldn't use Snapchat. I couldn't even go to my profile. It would just have the loading thing everywhere and none of the buttons at the bottom worked. Please fix this.",8 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
908,Your local olive Olivia,"January 28, 2023",Well this app is great and you don't need wifi to use it but a few things I don't like is when you call with Bluetooth it does not work with it it just has it like it's on speaker and even if it's not on speaker it still doesn't work also the camera quality is just horrible only when you take a picture with a good camera is when it look acceptable but when you record the camera is enough to make you cry fr,11 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
909,Albert Magana,"December 7, 2022","Cannot turn off spammy notifications. A few weeks ago, I started getting all sorts of daily Snapchat notifications for stories or whatever Snapchat is trying to promote as part of their in-house media effort...and I CANNOT find a setting to turn off that type of notification. I'm not subscribed nor ""follow"" anyone I don't personally know, so I shouldn't be getting daily updates...except for my friends, their messages, and their Snaps. I hope Google catches on to this spammy behavior.",377 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
910,Khadija Inam,"February 6, 2023",Idk but from the last few days my camera of Snapchat only is not working properly. Whenever i make a video it results being made ina a weird length like idk how to even explain it. But it's been 4 days and my camera isn't properly working. Kindly fix this issue!!!!,0,2,snap_chat
911,Prerana Lal,"January 16, 2023","I'd appreciate if the app would let me select way more people to send a snap to immediately. Also it gets annoying when the app keeps shoving the ""enable notifications"" popup on my face when I intentionally turned it off",8 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
912,kek kek,"January 24, 2023","Snapchat support is insanely horrible, all automated and on the off chance it isn't they do not care to read your issue, or help you, they send you to dead ends. Spam bots are out of control, full of ads no matter what or where, and the Snap+ nonsense for no ads or ""little perks"" is cheeky, 'cmon now. I get they have to make money somehow but is getting annoying.",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
913,Pascal Wilondja,"February 5, 2023","Been nearly a year since iOS got dark mode and Android users still haven't got it. What's taking so long? Twitter, Instagram, Facebook all rolled out dark mode for both systems at the same time. Snapchat devs er truly incompetent. Edit: almost 1 year later and still no dark mode for Android. Snapchat devs don't give a shi about android users",20 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
914,Christina Jennings,"January 23, 2023","App is pretty good But I'm having a problem since last week . An update page appers on my screen and when i click on continue , the app doesn't work any further neither any icons of the app . I have to reinstall it everyday so please check that",8 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
915,Kara Kearbey-Smith,"December 19, 2022","I can't get to my main page where it has my highlights. It's just a gray screen that acts like it trying to load. Then when I go to take a pic, it does not have the filters across the bottom.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
916,John Plaisance,"January 21, 2023","Update: Shizuku allows you to customize your theme for any app including Snapchat. Snapchat get your quality of life improvements straight. Stop focusing on adding features to the app and focus on putting out a high quality app and more people would buy into snap+ Dark Mode... give android users the option of dark mode or this will stay. We know you all tend to focus on features (filters, tracking people, etc.), not camera quality or darkmode.",49 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
917,Amanda Mandy Taylor,"December 24, 2022",I used to like this app alot but now Im starting to not like it as much because my account had gotten hacked tonight so I went and set up a new account and I went to add some of my friends from my old account but it keeps telling me {something went wrong} and its really pissing me off now it keeps freezing up on me and it's really getting irritating. So please do something about the problems,4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
918,Taylor Jones,"January 6, 2023","Shut up shut up SHUT UP! Snapchat might be the MOST obnoxious social media app in existence. Had to get this to communicate for work and HATE it. Constant notifications about ""so and so being on Snapchat"". I don't care if somebody in my contacts from ten years ago is on Snapchat; I genuinely don't. STOP notifying me that people are on Snapchat or that there's a new lens! I wish there was a way to separate notifications for actual snaps from these superfluous garbage notifications.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
919,Sofia Serafeim,"October 5, 2022","It stoped working completely all I could actually do was see people's stories. I couldn't snap or talk to anyone and at some point even the app didn't open. I always had a problem where it would freeze if someone sent a lot of messages at once or if a lot of people on a group chat were texting at once. Edit: now it's much better than it was when I had this issue but, now when I updated it, it would just show me the camera and wouldn't let me do anything","7,993 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
920,Skyler Bolin,"January 18, 2023","I'm using the galaxy z-flip 4 and my experience has been awful, snaps take forever to even show that they are sending, camera quality is horrible on snapchat, and stories take like a minute to even open. And I know it's not my device because every other app runs as smooth as butter",10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
921,Wesley Dane Shirey,"February 18, 2023","Great app!! Can't complain except now that I've updated it, when I try to upload pics to my story, the music option isn't there anymore..",0,4,snap_chat
922,lea_kam,"January 21, 2023",The app is good for texting your friends and such but the call button is too close to the exit button. I have several times exedently called people when I was trying to exit the conversation.,5 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
923,Eyad Abdelkader,"February 12, 2023","I have been using this app for months and what happened is that when I want to add friends it says something went wrong and I can't add, also I don't have dark mode feature.",0,4,snap_chat
924,Violet (Vi),"January 18, 2023",it would be a lot better if the person im messaging couldn't see whenever I do something like if I accidentally take a screenshot or if I save the picture they sent me or if I take a screenshot of someone's avatar it's the most annoying thing on this app the app would be so much better without this feature but overall the app is pretty alright,4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
925,Aniruddha Yadav,"February 16, 2023",Im getting problem means if someone (my friend )logins in my account through another device. Then i have to reinstall the app. All the time this happens .help me.got problem again.Im facing this problem agian plz help me...ohh gosh sometimes to say plz pay attention the overall app is good but this problem is making my view go wrong,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
926,Sarika Raut,"December 30, 2022",Very wonderful app the filters are just awesome! but we can't use the songs we want and sometimes we can't find the friends tooo....!!so please fix it as soon possible,27 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
927,Imogen Morgan,"October 14, 2022","constantly adds superfluous updates that do nothing but crowd the presentation. people's names popping up to @ when you type ""the."" the new cycle through for filters at the bottom of the screen. now you take a photo and ""tap to add a caption!"" shows up with little graphics. i know how to add a caption. i've had the app since i was 13. it's slow and glitchy and has no reason for 80% of the updates it does. gang this ain't it 💔","5,222 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
928,Amanda,"February 2, 2023","The experience on Android is now infintely worse with the black bars. Let me change my aspect ratio at the very least, or put it back to how it was.",0,1,snap_chat
929,Andrew Short,"February 7, 2023",Was a good and fun until they removed the games with the little icon of the rocket. Why where they removed and could they be added back. It was a great thing to play with my friends when we were and weren't with each other.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
930,Mandie DePriest,"February 17, 2023","Suggested friends are NEVER anyone I know, so many different things happening all at once, constantly ads popping up, calls low quality but great filters.",0,2,snap_chat
931,Jacob Smith,"February 10, 2023",Why change something that isn't broken? They have added a stupid black bar to the photo section meaning that photos are now shorter and it is harder to take the photo as you have to look away from the photo to take it... Put it back to how it was noone asked for this,0,1,snap_chat
932,austin whiteted,"December 29, 2022",When j have an item on a snap e.g. text or what not. It always shifts it to the right and makes it look low quality where no one can read it. Other then that. It's a good app,5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
933,prec ious,"January 30, 2023","Despite its good features, I will have to rate this app a 3. This is because iPhone users have access to dark mode, and Android users dont. I don't understand why you guys haven't made it available for Android yet. This problem needs to be fixed because Android users also require dark mode and not only IPhone users . Please read this review and consider adding it to your new update if possible.",85 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
934,Sarah Lewis,"January 15, 2023",Last 2 updates have left my app not working 😕. Can't see any stories nor can I see any messages sent to me. Also can't take any photos or videos. I used this app ALOT to video my 1 year old daughter and of course it STOPPED working on her birthday in the middle of her eating her first 🎂.,14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
935,Cobb Murray,"December 16, 2022",Crashes every single time i make a video. Been trying for months to get it fixed. Reported issue numerous times never heard word back. Even if they emailed me back saying theres nothing they can do id be happier than getting no response.,5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
936,Rol on Gaming,"January 7, 2023","Maya (Snapchat) 7 Jan 2023, 3:04 pm UTC Hi there, I appreciate you following up on this Unfortunately, if your Memories were not backed up successfully, they will not be recoverable To avoid losing Snaps in the future, check often to make sure your Memories are backed up. You can see if you have any Snaps that are not backed up by tapping the in the top-right corner of Memories. Check out this helpful article for more info. I apologize for any inconvenience and let me know if you have any",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
937,Brandy Robinson,"December 28, 2022","I love Snapchat for so the cool, fun things you can do on it. It has so much more filters, stickers, etc... Some things could be changed around but mostly it's there better app for communication & stuff.",113 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
938,Jeremiah Rathbun,"January 25, 2023","A recent update causes the text you put on the screen to not be where you put it. Also is no longer in full screen, I've checked my setting and it's snapchats fault.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
939,Tarun Verma,"February 6, 2023",I like this app toomuch l use this app for click any photo and video and random chat this to good app for me and its filters are too good it provide me a lavel of camera quality but in this app a problem for me in the chat section of this app when i send text or photo to someome and after i want to delete yhe text or photo but it can't so i want to change this feature. THANK FOR GIVE US A GOOD APP FOR SMILING,0,4,snap_chat
940,Eldroich Mere,"December 14, 2022",So ive had this for years and never caught this till today. Ive never once gave this app any form of permission to use my contacts or anything yet daily for a year or longer now i get blown up with people added from my contacts. Yet it shouldnt have permission at all honestly this is just a safety and privacy issue that needs to be resolved. So for everyone reading check your setting asap,7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
941,Grace Barbo,"February 20, 2023","Can't log in keeps saying the app has a bug, I cleared cache, data and even uninstalled and reinstalled a couple of times. Will edit my rating when fixed.",0,1,snap_chat
942,Alex Glenn,"December 27, 2022","Chats keep having blank messages from myself and whomever I am talking to since the last update. Also, custom chat wallpapers only work a couple of times, then turn into a white background. I reported this, but nothing has changed.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
943,Josh Cua,"December 21, 2022","I have to keep re-installing snapchat every time just so that the no limit snaps will work. Every time i leave the app to do something else and come back to it later, it the infinite snap doesn't work. They cant remix it. Please fix Snap",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
944,Desirae,"September 29, 2022","I've never had an app give me so much trouble after it updated. Deleted my subscription, features won't work and frequent map glitches. Also the new emojis that pop up at the bottom of the screen automatically was a terrible idea. So many accidental sends, annoying. Update: took a little bit for support but had my issue fixed in a couple of days.","2,571 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
945,Hailee Chavers,"January 16, 2023","I've used snapchat for years without issue. However after this last update, anytime I log out, it just goes to the camera screen, not logged in to my account. I have to Uninstalle and reinstall everytime this happens!",11 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
946,31-Pathak Kameshwar Omprakash,"January 26, 2023",Worst experience right when I installed it Whenever I try to message someone and the message is sent it just dissapears the white background makes it impossible to see the messages but sometimes it works properly but most of the time it sucks,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
947,dorion harry,"January 12, 2023","I got a notification about the recent patches and updates, and now it won't let me dow anything. Wont let me slide to the left or right. Wont let me log out, and none of the features are reacting to the touch, and it's very frustrating",10 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
948,Vishwa Teja 777,"February 5, 2023",Hello snapchat team. My device is Realme 9 pro+ and when i take a snap with filters it will become so low quality image like that when ever i takk with no effects it will be perfect i was facing this issue a long time... Please resolve my issue.. Hoping this will receive a very happy solution to the realme devices.. #snapchatteam,0,4,snap_chat
949,Zoya Siddique,"February 10, 2023",Snapchat is a best app for communication with your friends. I have been using it for 2 years. But nowadays I face an problem that i get an error message. I report my problem but i can't fix.,0,5,snap_chat
950,Justin Grall,"January 6, 2023",Yay adds! Do you like adds? That's a bad question.. do you love adds? It's almost like there's an add that will play while you're watching the current add and hopefully you don't mind repetition because for me 99% of the time it will show an add and then 30 seconds later it will be another add but the same as the last one you just saw but maybe you didn't understand the add as clearly the first time so maybe you will be extremely excited to watch whatever with about a 50/50 split between adds,9 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
951,cody morris,"January 18, 2023","This used to be a decent app, it force closes and sometimes just loads forever. The advertising is so aggressive you can't watch anything for more than three seconds at a time. SNAPCHAT YOU ARE KILLING YOUR OWN APP",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
952,Maisie Moline,"January 18, 2023","It was working fine, until it's not showing me any of my chats?? I've uninstalled the app more then 3 times and it just won't work. My internet is fine, and I still get notifications when someone messages me. But it's not showing me any of my messages. This has happened for over an hour now.",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
953,Achton Marable,"January 31, 2023",The only thing that would make it perfect is if you guys actually cut the parts of songs that people find the most catchy I try to find songs to put to pics/vid but yall only let us choose the most lackluster part of any of the songs like I wanna hear the chorus man,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
954,Chandana K,"February 7, 2023","In spite of updating the app several times and reinstalling it again and again there is still the black bar on top and bottom of camera section because of which we are unable to take the ful picture and it's disturbing please correct that thing big big big time request,",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
955,Cassandra Wilson,"January 27, 2023","Snapchat used to be really on it, but now these days a video snap won't load at all.. after deleting then reinstalling the app half a dozen times, checking for updates and even logging out then logging back in.. they still won't load.. I have good internet too, and ive even tried others internet and still no load.. I've had 3 video snaps trying to load from Wednesday.. its now Saturday.. cmon snap.. 😫",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
956,Sumit Ranga,"January 8, 2023","I cannot add friends after the new update, ut shows something went wrong. I have contacted the team but haven't received any help. It's been 2 weeks I'm facing this problem. This is the worst glitch in this app.",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
957,Aussie Reds,"February 17, 2023",Used to love this app. Now suddenly I open it and my camera is no longer full screen. Has a weird black bar across the bottom now which deletes my text a lot of the time,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
958,Vruti Vekariya,"December 6, 2022","My experience is bad 😔😔 because it's saying (view saved snaps) and then when I tap , it refuses and also same times refuses to open it says try again later then me when I don't send streaks 🔥 it breaks🙄 and I have also tried updating it like three times🕜⏳ I thought my phone was the on spoilt but other apps used to work well so if possible help me otherwise I have an oppsone I delete it anyways it's nice for my other friends and family unless you help and I keep it",21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
959,Bain Miller,"January 6, 2023","Are you really trying to charge people $40 for Cosmetics on an app, are you just that money hungry that you need $40 so someone can have a check mark by their name that does literally nothing. And you act like no one can change the icon of their app that's something you can do without paying. and who really wants to see if they're best friend is in the solar system that is stupid.",5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
960,Lexi :l,"December 15, 2022","When I type something it goes away and makes me type it again, the 3d bitmojis are actually terrifying, no one uses the tiktok knock off thing, when I press send it doesnt send so I have to make the snap all over again and sometime restart the app.",5 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
961,Matthew,"January 22, 2023",I like Snapchat I really do but there are two reasons why I gave it 4 stars. 1st is on videos (only on android think) ther are cutoffs of the sound in the 1st second. 2nd notifications are deleyed or sometimes don't show up.,6 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
962,Samsumg Galaxy,"January 14, 2023",i want to clear conversation by selecting... two tree or more conversation delet together... it will be a helpful feature.... i can do it on snap... and make easier option to cancel friend request option... i have to cancel by visiting profile... cann't cancel sending friend request.. without visiting profile... please do it,18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
963,Bhat Mashkoor,"January 19, 2023",I used to like this application a lot but a few days ago it's showing me some error while logging in . I tried to email the snapchat support regarding this issue . But no response from them though they didn't fix it either till now it's been 1 month . Terrible application,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
964,I'm Chez,"December 28, 2022",FIX THIS PROBLEM: I write out a lengthy message and either I leave the chat for a second or my phone dies and then I come back to the chat and my message I was writing is now deleted. This was never a problem until recently and is really infuriating when I'm trying to talk to friends and loved ones.,23 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
965,Sheldon Farough,"December 29, 2022","So many notifications and no options to properly manage them. I just want to know if someone is messaging me, I don't want to know about new stories, unviewed stories, and other annoying notifications.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
966,brady shinsako,"January 7, 2023",Normally have 0 issues but recently when I share videos from tik tok it sends them as video messages as if I send from Camara roll instead of snap videos as if I recorded it through snapchat if thay makes sense. Please fix this I've deleted both tik tok and snap and cleared cache but still does it.,15 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
967,Soma Sen,"January 10, 2023",This app is good and there's so many filters...I like it...but i can save my friends snapbut they can't save mine....I have updated many times so that they can save my snap but after that also they can't.....so please fix this problem🙏,9 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
968,Shreyas B.R,"January 14, 2023",Terrible experience. I have used snapchat for atleast 2 years from now. Few weeks later i revive a message saying my account is no more and is disabled due to various reason which a hacker did. The response from the team was fast but at what cost they respond just to say that i have to say goodbye to my account which has so many memories. The map of the snap chat defunctions a lot and doesn't refresh. Many more to say. In short this is a time waste app. At end i never got my account back.,13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
969,x_x,"January 7, 2023","for some reason this app has a major bug, i can save my friend's snaps but they can't save mine (note that i've set all of them to unlimited viewing and still the same problem) is there any support team that can help with this?",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
970,Jennifer Nesbitt,"January 24, 2023",I just got the update and I pay for my subscription and stuff and it won't let me do certain things and I'm trying to put my fiance on my main screen and everything like I did before and it's not letting me telling me that the app is not installed when it is so this needs to be getting fixed or something because it's ridiculous you got all these bad reviews including mine and can't do nothing no video no picture no nothing like fix it.,8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
971,DJ Martin,"January 18, 2023","The amount of ads needs to be drastically reduced for SnapChat Plus subscribers. Also, the bar at the bottom is too big and intrusive. Change it back to the previous design.",58 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
972,Abi (PanManman),"January 11, 2023","I do enjoy using this app, but I don't love the fact it shutters when taking a photo. It would be better if the shutter could be removed in settings, since it currently cannot be removed now.",7 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
973,susu Ho,"December 12, 2022",The app was going all good but suddenly the chats are not working. I lost many streaks now because of this issue and it's still not working. Not sending any snaps. I tried everything but still not working. What is going on?,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
974,Josh Folsom,"January 5, 2023",Love Snapchat but PLEEEEEASE get rid of the double notifications! I don't need to know when someone is typing and when they've sent a message. It's incredibly annoying. Message sent or reaction to snap is fine in ONE NOTIFICATION.,4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
975,Abdullah Sattar,"February 1, 2023","There are black bars on the snap screen now. It looks hideous, quality is now much shitier. I want it fixed back to the old fullscreen style",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
976,Hailee Moore,"January 16, 2023","It decided it wasn't going to work again today, I restarted my phone and reinstalled the app but it won't work.. 🙃 And if you look at other reviews people are saying they are getting glitches as well. since 2023 update Samsung users can't use it.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
977,Bobby Panchal,"January 10, 2023",Stories uploaded by my friends are unable to open. I tried many times by uninstalling and updating the app than even the stories of my friends are not opening. Kindly resolve this issue.,8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
978,Shubh Lata,"December 28, 2022",I am very much disappointed with this app. I am using this àpp since 2019 but from last few months my all snap memories was deleting by its own and I have lost my favourite pics which I clicked recently it's all because the back-up given by snapchat... I also request to snapchat but nothing happens I hope your team will recover this problem soon. Thank you,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
979,Marhya Marie,"December 15, 2022",Messages take FOREVER to load and even to send. It's been like this for the last few months and I'm getting really sick of it. Smapchat has become my slowest ap and updates haven't seemed to help. Thinking it might not be worth it.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
980,Brad Russell,"September 7, 2022","This is an awful app with even worse optimization. That being said, it's my main communication platform because it works for everyone else due to iPhone optimization. I have an S22 ultra, a ""premier"" ANDROID phone. However, the 3 second lag when I open the app, the delays and false inputs when I type, the poor image quality, the super laggy shutter speed, how long it takes to reverse the camera, and more are things that must be fixed. I know it won't be, so at least let me turn off discover!","3,286 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
981,Amber H,"September 29, 2022","Can you please make it so we can save more than 5 photos at a time from a Snapchat conversation without it only saving a couple of photos and then freezing up? Or let us save photos individually rather than having to press and hold to save the entire selection and then only saving the same 3 out of 10 photos each time it's attempted, then having to restart the app. This has been like this for years and nobody has done a bug fix.","2,034 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
982,Land of the Listening,"December 15, 2022",Completely riddled with bots. I get multiple unsolicited nude pictures from accounts that just copy and paste the same message over and over again. Not to mention that the pictures are of the same few people who probably had their info and photos leaked for these bots to use. The team should be ashamed that they allow for the platform to be used this way. Most I'd these bots are also scammers trying to get you to click on linksbl that I'm sure they can use to get your info too.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
983,J. Frost (StayFrosty),"January 21, 2023",I logged out the app to take a break. I come back and am no longer able to access my account. My phone says there a bug and I must wait for the developer to fix it. I tried logging into my Account from desktop and that is giving me an error code as well. This sucks.,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
984,Tye Wells,"January 21, 2023","The ""news"" section is full of clickbait and misinformation, the stupid arbitrary 1 minute video sending limits, and the sheer amount of bots trying to advertise porn to you are absolutely ridiculous, and the ""discovery"" tab and TikTok styled reels are all trash all these apps playing copycat is the clearest example of how these apps are copying for money, their desperation reeks of pathetic desperation to stay relevant. The usefulness of this app is murdered by the issues.",15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
985,Maliyah Thompson,"February 10, 2023","Love it!! Snapchat is a good way to connect w friends and take pictures. Good ones! I love the bestfriend emojis, and how you can change them. Great app!!",4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
986,Ethan Harris,"December 10, 2022","The app isnt letting me log into it on my phone but allows me to log in on other devices, it says on my phone that ""due to repeated failed attempts or other unusual activity, your snapchat is temporarily disabled"". It has been 3 days since its told me this, and it has told me this for everyday since the first.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
987,Brooklynn Bowman,"January 4, 2023",I love snap it's my main source of communication but it has been so so slow recently. It takes forever to snap someone back the camera thing won't pop up or it will pop up 20 million times. It just seems super laggy an buggy recently.,6 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
988,Andrea,"December 18, 2022","the app works great, I even just punched Snapchat plus a couple days ago. But, whenever I log out it won't let me log back in. it says ""due to too many repeated failed attempts or other suspicious activity your account is temporarily disabled"". It said this last time which is why I needed to make a new Snapchat account. now, my phone in general is blocked from Snapchat for an unknown reason. I would love it if someone from Snapchat support would write back to me.",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
989,Cristin Thompson,"January 19, 2023",I actually pretty good except the fact I can not get dark mode on for my android. The first thing I do in the morning is check snap but it always burns my eyes. Any other phone has dark mode except mine. It whould be so nice to be able to get it to there.,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
990,Jaanvi Thakur,"December 29, 2022","It's a good app but once i tried to log in to my old account with the right password (seeing by my Google) but it said it's wrong password and once it even got frozen like my account wasn't opening, i can't take pictures, (it was frozen like when we open snapchat it showed only that screen and i can't do anything) i changed my password but nothing happened to it . But after all it's a good app but snapchat should do something about it",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
991,ZBee._.73,"February 1, 2023","Snapchat has given me the opportunity to hangout with my friends and communicate more with them, even though I have a phone number along with most of my other friends sone don't and this app just helped me tall to them. In my opinion the security's pretty good. 5 stars 🙃.",97 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
992,Amanda Foley,"January 22, 2023","Should I re-install it or force stop the app? When i go to my chats it won't load any of them and won't let me text, and when I try to send a snap or story it won't let me click the arrow. I have restarted my phone and the app multiple times and powered off and back on my phone. And it does nothing.",4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
993,princess Peach,"December 7, 2022",New updates are confusing to me but I'm still trying to figure out technology lol jet lag for like 2 years. Haha still having trouble getting into old old account I had. Trouble finding the number for customer service!!!,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
994,Tiffany Bass,"December 29, 2022",It's a very good app or I haven't had any problems with it until recently. I really hope you guys can fix when on a video call so that our phones don't overheat and the battery doesn't die fast,92 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
995,Gauri Suri,"January 20, 2023",It's overall experience is very good.I am enjoying using this app. Intact I love the feature of SnapStreaks. They sometimes are very useful. The connectivity of Bitmoji is also a very positive function of Snapchat. The customized emojis for several people is so cool. I didn't find anything Negetive in Snapchat. Overall I love this app and will continue to use it. Thanks To Team Snapchat...!!😊,80 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
996,Grammy Net,"December 15, 2022","Is a good app but if you have it on multiple devices it will log you out almost everyday and sometimes my screen just freezes, no matter how many times I restart my phone or open and close the app, I still end up having to uninstall and reinstall.",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
997,Madison Richard,"December 29, 2022","Way to many ads while trying to watch stories..a 2 minute story turns into 11 minutes with all the ads that come up, it's super annoying. I don't need to be ceasely shown ads.",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
998,Ariadnė Kliokytė,"January 19, 2023","It's really upsetting that it doesn't support android properly, cmon no dark mode when it's been out for IOS for months, not to mention the app freezes when I try to upload a sound from cameraroll, it ruins picture quality too. 😐",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
999,Ashley E.,"January 29, 2023","Snap is horrible. Can't accept friend requests and can't see my friends in my friends list. To top it all off, the app keeps crashing.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1000,Riley Cook,"December 18, 2022",Ever sense the recent updates the app has been slowing down and taking a long time to do simple tasks. And why can't we have dark mode yet its been years. I have a somewhat recent phone a s21 ultra and we have almost none of the features Apple users do. Step up snapchat do better,20 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1001,Neel Varsani,"January 19, 2023",It been almost a year since the IOS version got dark mode but the android version still doesn't have dark mode this is a majoy let down! I dont get it all applications on my android have dark mode support why is it difficult to add this feature to snapchat?? It can't be that hard! I had this app rated on 5 star for like 5 years!! But enough is enough if you can't add dark mode for android you deserve a 1 star!! Now until we don't receive dark mode for android my review will remain on 1 star!!,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1002,Warren Walsh,"December 17, 2022",It's a good app there is a trick ios users can do tho where they can screen shot exit app fast and doesn't show they have done it in chat also snap chat server for me latley is so laggy doesn't need to update iv checked and checked and checked not my Internet or dater iv checked I love this app tho improvements can be made!! Would be a 5 if wasn't laggy and the ss hack was fixed,10 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1003,Renada Hubbard,"October 12, 2022",I love snapchat. I use it every day faithfully. I'm glad they fixed the videos repeating back to the beginning when trying to watch and also they've added more songs. The only thing I wish it's if we could pick the part of the song that we want to play in a video or something instead of it choosing a small portion for us before cutting it off...,"12,603 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
1004,Ashleigh Parlee,"January 30, 2023","Good app, good filters, great way to talk to people, but sometimes I do not get notifications for text messages and I end up leaving people on delivered for hours unintentionally.",4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1005,Pat McNamara,"December 12, 2022","The new notifications are extremely annoying and persistent. If I clear a notification of someone I barely know posting a new story, I get a second notification five minutes later about the same story, this time calling it unviewed. I know it's unviewed. I'm not interested in viewing it.",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1006,Tyrell Bosley,"December 17, 2022","Terrible. I mean every 5 seconds you got some fake account trying to entice you to click on her link you sending you nudes, and snapchat allows it. This is ridiculous and it needs fixed or something. This app also allows a lot of sick videos that shouldn't be on shown. Like one video had a guy playing with an animals junk",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1007,Lobzang Yeshi,"January 4, 2023",I don't know it's been a very very long time that I can't change my dress.. (outfit) whenever I tried its always saying like (something went wrong try again later) so keep trying but it doesn't work I have tried to solved it by myself through Google and YouTube but it's doesn't work.. So lastly I have no option so.. Please kindly look into these matters. Thank you Your Snapchatter. Name:Lobzang Yeshi.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1008,chloe dawn,"January 20, 2023","Why I am unable to add too much friends? I Have a public Snapchat account and I use it for affiliate marketing. I have only 9K firends now but there is also too much requests in my account. When I try to accept that requests, Snapchat unable me to accept it. snapchat shows a notification of you have too many friends, unable to add more. Why???? Why this problem rises? Please help me to solve my problem. I am in a dire need of that account. Solve my problem as soon as possible. Thanks",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1009,Ahtasham Alam,"January 25, 2023",This app is literally best among the others but the reason that I am giving only 3 stars is that there is no more songs to add on photos. So It's a humble request to snapchat team that bring a update with lots of songs including western and Indian.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1010,Snatch Adams,"December 27, 2022",App recently changed and won't save pictures to my gallery without going through the export steps. What happened to the save to camera roll button that took two seconds to do.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1011,Varsha Sree Arla,"December 19, 2022","i would like to say that they should make some updates in app and unnecessarily there are adding some other filters to my wishlist, they should improve the snap streak and when we didn't send any snap to them automatically the snap streak will go(only 7 hours are there for it to send a snap to any one) because of it my frnd and my streak is 200 but it went to 30, my phn gone so, they should make it to 1 day this is my request to make this a best app. Thank you .",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1012,A Lange-Campbell,"September 25, 2022","I love this app, amazing. However I hate the new Bitmoji style. When picking your selfie profile, it slows a different animation of your Bitmoji, and in my opinion it looks horrible. The new animation of three profile pictures are just 🤢 however it does not allow this new profile animation for all your other contacts, unless you go into their friendship profile. I also wish there was more options for long hair, but amazing app 👍🤩 really love it, I use it everyday ⭐",974 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1013,Adham Carale,"December 30, 2022","Its very important and useful app that doesn't have adds, which can cause you to feel it boring.And its very good for everyone who like to Chat too much and send pictures, and it's too easy to use the app for everyone if you never used app before.",95 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1014,Aakash Ameer,"January 25, 2023",Its a very nice app but it should have a option for new message beside tap to view snap outside the conversation so know that there is a message also not just snaps because if a snap comes after a message you won't know if there is a message !!!,4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1015,Rubina Khatoon,"January 16, 2023","Over all the app is pretty good. But the issues that i have are 1, my friends can't save my snaps, I've tried to reinstall, update.But nothing worked. 2,the camera lens is always zoomed out , zoomed in or stretched .",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1016,Calieb Clemons,"December 14, 2022","Call feature is totally broken. Audio rarely works with Bluetooth, or is too buggy to use. Last call went super quiet, now incoming audio doesn't even register.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1017,shoug aljaberi,"January 30, 2023",For some reason I can't get notifications I first thought that the problem was my phone but when I got a new phone 1 day ago the Notification is still not working I checked my settings and all the permissions include the Notification is on but it doesn't work,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1018,Amelia Smith,"January 4, 2023",I would give it a 5 but it takes ages for me to log out to switch to someone else's account. And also when people spam me I have troubles sending my messages to other people and I have to delete the app and re install it. Out of all that I love the app,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1019,Owen Fraser,"December 21, 2022","I've had this for years and recently my account got locked so I made a new one, I used the new one for a couple months and then got locked out of this one too and receive a pop up saying my account is permanently locked and I can't find anything online that I could do to sort it out? I've lost years of pictures I had saved and tons of contacts over nothing? bloody ridiculous",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1020,Hank Binnie,"December 26, 2022","All of my friends use it but suddenly snapchat stopped working, it left all of my messages on delivered and I am not recieving any snaps or messages. I try to unfriend them and re'add them, but snapchat tells me it couldn't find the user as I'm on their profile.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1021,Sophia spell,"December 11, 2022","Lately, when I take a picture, and press more people to send it to, it glitches and pulls that screen up like 7 times in a row and I have to slide them back down. it does it every time, and it's doing that on my daughter's phone too.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1022,Judy Romero,"December 19, 2022","Prior to the last update I was getting notifications on friend stories and that is still working. What I hate is that now I am being sent ""friend suggestions"" or ""Billy Bob"" is on snap chat. I don't care whose on SC. If I wanted to add them I would have added them already. The inky way to turn that settjngniffbus yo gurn off all notifications. Seems like SC took a step backwards",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1023,Andrew R,"January 21, 2023","Uses and looks at all your pictures when you give access to camera roll. Got a new number, so I guess I lose my account since I dont have the old device to login. God forbid someone gets a new phone. Abysmal/non-existent customer service. Piss poor account recovery. Zero help. Even when I had the app, couldnt use half the filters anyways.",34 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1024,Andy B,"January 4, 2023","Snapchat of the Past is Gone Everytime I open this app it wants me to dismiss some popup for some feature I'm not gonna use, it would make for a better UX to just have those features easily accessible than to attempt to force the user to use them everytime they open the app. This just leads to me opening the app less frequently.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1025,paradisevibes,"December 28, 2022","snapchat messages are not getting updated.The notification always pops up and at that time the app doesn't works.My internet connection is also ok,the app is updated but still this problem happens.I use to uninstall and reinstall the app again.For some days it works properly but again after some days the notification of snapchat messages updating pops.I don't want to lose my streak due to this issue.So,I request to check and fix this issue.",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1026,Ema Hoxhaj,"January 2, 2023",A super perfect app! I love all things about it. But I have only one problem. Can you please make it so and android can have dark mode. 🙏 Overall it's a super app and I recommend installing it,77 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1027,Olivia Owens,"February 11, 2023","ive been using it for about a year now, and the recent updates are questionable. Whenever i take a picture, the actual picture is positioned farther up that how the screen showed it. really weird, please fix",0,4,snap_chat
1028,Nikhil Abrol,"January 5, 2023",This is the worst app ever and they have the worst customer care as I have complained a bug in my camera in snap as the shutter button has shifted upwards a little bit and the quality of camera has degraded and there is this black stripe which appears at the bottom of every snap. I have complained about this issue 2 weeks earlier and still haven't got any solution I have talked about this to customer care and all they say is you will receive an update shortly and yet I haven't recieved any help,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1029,Preston Collins,"November 30, 2022","I do not understand the point of this at all. It's just texting, but with a million annoying af notifications that have nothing to do with your conversations. Thankfully my friends are starting to realize this and are dropping off, but not fast enough. I know, everyone has it, that's why I got it too. But it sucks, can we all please agree to go back to texting or at least use a less annoying app?","1,105 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1030,Ashlyn Vajda,"October 1, 2022","don't get me wrong, the app is great, really fun, has really cool filters- but i don't recommend downloading it on a chromebook. i did it on mine and the camera wouldn't work right. when i was taking the picture it looked fine but once i sent it or saved it it would look super stretched out and weird. im not sure how to fix it, has anyone else had this?","2,050 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1031,Ayomide Oluodo,"January 14, 2023",There's a recent bug where if I set my snaps for anyone to be able to save them... It doesn't work.. I turn on the infinity settings thingy and the other person is unable to save 😐,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1032,C Jackson,"January 12, 2023","App was good till whatever the last update tried to be... if I want to see people's story's I will see them you don't need to tell me 5 times a day that I have an unviewed story from an ex or 3 times so far today to look at what I did in 2017 on the 12th 11th and 10th of January... iv turned notifications off coz iv had 8 so far today and non of them have been people actually sending me a snap, it's just pointless and annoying.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1033,downway 91221,"January 31, 2023",I cannot use this app at all. I thought it was my account fault so i have created a new account but the app doesn't work for me. It's says loading loading but nothing works. It show all blank pages unable to send request to snap even.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1034,Kyle Wagenaar,"January 7, 2023","While I've had fun throughout the years with this app, the ads are incredibly spammy and I see the same ad all the time despite reporting the ad saying ""I've seen this ad too often"" over, and over again.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1035,nidhi lohar,"January 1, 2023",Snapchat is best for photo filter nd effect I make many streaks with my friends it's such wonderful app I like it..🧡 I have issue that I can't change my username until the 1 year is not completed I don't like this featured please Snapchat allow to change the username..🙏,0,4,snap_chat
1036,Daniel Lee,"December 28, 2022","I am unable to see my subscriptions in the stories page. Additionally, when I try to view a subscription (Sports center) my app freezes. I am a subscriber to that channel and it does not show in my stories page.",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1037,Azka Nasir,"January 6, 2023","I'm having a problem with running this app , everytime I click on this app it shuts down for no reason , to fix that I uninstalled and installed it six time from these past two days , I can't even open the app so that I can report a problem from there , this is why I'm asking for help from here , kindly fix this as soon as possible.",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1038,Adrian,"January 20, 2023",Can't even use the app. I've tried leaving the beta program but it never works. It says there's a bug in the app now. I try to log in and the app just closes out. I'm definitely deleting this junk,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1039,Kelly Michelle,"January 27, 2023",As you can see through the other reviews this app will never not have bugs. It's insane how many posts I've had to rewrite or retake because the screen will freeze or not let me post.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1040,Boogieman 48,"December 17, 2022","If you don't add dark mode, my stars are gonna keep going down. Just add dark mode, it can't be that hard especially since ios already has it and you're releasing updates still. Just add it, come on. Edit: Still no dark mode after a year, pitiful. edit: probably getting close to 2 years now and no dark mode and it's literally so stupid that you add things no one is asking for, yet leave android with no dark mode. it's the only app I have on my phone that doesn't support dark mode. pathetic.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1041,Simona_Jur,"January 21, 2023","I use snap a lot. But on android it sucks! The lack of updates really annoys me, my friends who has an Iphone had the music function (where you put songs on snaps) and like half a year later, maybe even more, i finally got that update. Like is it that hard to support android and put out updates equally?",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1042,Sayrahhh,"January 24, 2023","I've had to uninstall and re install my snap twice this week Because it will just stop working.... The filters will not show messages aren't loading and it will just be saying ""updating messages"" And it's quite annoying",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1043,Sheldon Condry,"January 21, 2023","Edit: Bug found, on Pixel 7 Pro the chat text preview will store previously typed unsent messages and repopulate then even when deleted and other messages are sent. Great app but can the dev team please and picture-in-picture support for Snapchat video calls! This would make this a 5 star app!",84 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1044,Slenda mon,"January 21, 2023",Wish you could turn off that huge reply bar at the bottom. When trying to watch stories it blocks a huge portion of the bottom of the screen making subtitles unreadable on anyones story you're following.,6 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1045,Diya Shah,"January 2, 2023",My Snapchat memories have stopped getting stores in my phone gallery i tried many ways but nothing is happening. I can't save them in my gallery. I have even gone to the help store but couldn't find the solution to my problem. I would be a great help if someone from Snapchat team would help me out with me problem.,0,1,snap_chat
1046,Jack Neil,"January 15, 2023",Use to be one of my most favorite messaging apps to use for years. But just recently. I've failed to log back into my snapchat 3 times and was temporarly locked out.... okay thats fine. So I've waited my full 48 hours... and I have even ublocked my account. But still I cannot access my account on my cell phone... I really need my account back I have photos dating back years... of pets and family that I no longer have with me anymore.... those are memories I never want to lose... snap plz help 🙏,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1047,Andy a.k.a Zentagon,"January 7, 2023",Fun with filters and such but that is basically what you'd use it for as soon you go to stories you get to experience an ad every 1 minute of video. Not even YouTube have that. To much ads ...,5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1048,sloane allen,"December 27, 2022",id say it's a pretty good app although it's features aren't all the same on all devices. it would be better if android users could have the same things as apple users such as dark mode. but it works pretty good only has a few bugs here and there.,8 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1049,Shivam Jha,"December 16, 2022",All well but sometimes it's filters didn't work properly.. Please.... This is very disgusting it doesn't work on my phone properly 😢. Hey...... Snapchat isn't working on my device and I've some important work related to it please help me Again it's really disappointing from snapchat 💔😩please fix it I'm unable to make snaps and all...,8 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1050,Mohd Adeel,"January 19, 2023",Overall the application is good no problem in it but after latest update the shortcut showing in chat section at the top is missing which is really important if you have lot of friends by which you can easily send or view snaps according to your favourite people 😩,14 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1051,Alexander Puskarich,"January 17, 2023","It keeps giving a update pop up on my screen, after I press the continue button it freezes the whole app, and then I have to reinstall the app but it'll do it again 30 minutes later.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1052,Jason Spaulding,"January 17, 2023",My account is locked at the moment I guess that all I get are people who are wanting money or showing themselves unclothed. I'm guessing one of them locked me out when they tried to call me. I'm sure most guys are fine with unclothed women but when you call them a friend they want money when they ask you if you have a job. The same person just using a different profile name. Other than that the filters are fine.,6 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1053,Arshad Khan,"January 1, 2023",Bad experience when i add new friends it shows something went wrong error again and again since last one week and with in a week this a second time i am facing this problem i don't know why very bad experience. I would like to say to Snapchat team that slove this issue.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1054,Jenna Knight,"January 4, 2023","I enjoy the app a lot. I use it on an Android device that I keep up to date, and I can't get it into dark mode. I am a *religious* dark mode user and hate how bright Snapchat is! Really my only complaint. The ads are really annoying too, but that's everywhere now 🤷🏼‍♀️.",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1055,Barisa333,"December 27, 2022",This app is getting worse and worse for Android. I don't get rid of it because most of my friends are on here. But now I add someone from suggested it tells them I added them from search which makes me look like a weirdo. I know how u devs don't like us android users enough to make the app good but at least fix this problem please,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1056,Jerry Hughes,"January 27, 2023","Trying to log out and get a notification about update to privacy settings, force to click ""continue"" and goes back to camera screen and can NOT do anything at all. Have to minimize and uninstall app to turn it off.",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1057,Abbi N,"February 1, 2023",Why is it that the delete button for messages on snaps is right where most people place their sentece? Like i type something and before i even get to place it how i want it INSTANTLY gets deleted and i have to retype the whole thing. Also annoyed where the filters are placed like if your ginna cut of part of the screen at the bottom then atleast fill it with that stuff like cmon.,6 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1058,Chhatrapal Maurya,"January 4, 2023",This is an amazing app whare I can click any type of pics and videos. But the problem is that we cannot find the song we want to use. So please add more songs to it .,0,4,snap_chat
1059,Sheraz Msheraz786,"December 31, 2022","Snapchat app review ￼￼ Snapchat review Snapchat is a multimedia messaging app that allows users to send photos and videos that disappear after being viewed. It also includes features such as live video chat, filters, and lenses that allow users to alter their appearance or surroundings in playful ways. Snapchat is available for iOS and Android devices. One of the key features of Snapchat is its focus on privacy and ephemerality. Messages sent through the app are designed to disappear after",50 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1060,Cherry & Chiku Tales,"December 24, 2022","This is a very good app...... just amazing. It has filters, u can search for a filter too.... u can even chat, call, video call, see story from all over the world and even spotlightsssss..... Isn' t this cool. This app also sends update very month so that it works even better for us with new filtersssss>>>><3 ..... This is a 5 for me.",139 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1061,XD_OMINO,"December 16, 2022",Love this app! All the things i can say in three words to describe this except for one particular update feature where you can see other messages while on call. on a normal call it works fine but on a vudeo call if you take a picture and swipe down feom the top to close the video call overlay it gets stucks. Or when i accidentally press video call instead if the arrow.,660 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1062,Aliya Asad,"January 11, 2023","It is very cool app I love this app soo much. It is not Any single day I didn't use it. It is so cool app we can have filters so it looks like we have apply makeup on face but we don't have applied we can do everything in this app if we use this app we don't want any other we can chat ,call , video call, play games and make selfies. But some people don't use it so it is difficult to call chat with them but anyways it's a best best best app. I would rate it 💯💯💯 but I can't. Bytheway I love it❤",89 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1063,Matthew Volle,"January 12, 2023","The reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because every time I try to send a message through quick add, the message never sends. Have been having problems with it since early this morning.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1064,chloe elysse carag,"January 19, 2023",Rating snap 3 stars because it shouldn't say whether u have screenshotted or not because that is a waste of notifications. Other than that everything is working well. Also I can't find the mini that shows people's birthdays.,23 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1065,Julie Eisenhart,"January 12, 2023","Filled with bugs 90% of the time. Either it crash, can't send at all, black screen, can't flip camera. I can't do anything with it mostly of the time",10 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1066,Jasmine Cutting,"January 29, 2023","Amazing app I apsoloutly love all of the filters and verry gratefull this app is real. One of the many amazing things on snap chat is that you can do many other things instead of just taking pictures (eg. message, face time, call, watching vidoes. Something else about this app is it is like other apps like you can watch vidoes with is like tic tok or youtube so I am verrh gratefull for this app.",13 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1067,Kayden Macey,"January 13, 2023","The texting experience on Snapchat is really smooth, so I can see why people like it so much, but I absolutely hate this app. Everything about it is so teenager and trendy. Getting a streak is just a stupid way for Snapchat to get more of your attention for no reason, having zodiac signs in everyone's profiles is pointless and annoying, and don't even get me started on the stories page. All it shows me now is softcore porn (i.e. women in swimsuits) and trick-shot bro content. Snapchat is sleazy.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1068,Isla Freakley,"January 21, 2023",ive had this app for nearly 5 years its truely the best....also you never can get banned these filters are amazing aswell but sadly i cant add dark mode on my account on my ipad... sometimes it makes my friends on this app disappear which really scares me😶 so this is a good app thank you! And its quite annoying because i really want dark mode and i dont like it when snapchat lets people to see there location( when not on ghost mode like me) its really annoying to be honest i think this is <3,7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1069,Lucas Smith,"January 11, 2023","Almost perfect. I would rate this five stars, but I don't feel that is properly earned by this app. I love how connected to the community I feel when I use this app, but I just feel that UI isn't very user friendly. When I first got Snapchat, I struggled to figure out where everything was. Other than that, this app is near perfection.",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1070,Jen K,"January 16, 2023","I absolutely love snapchat BUUUUUT... why in the heck is sending me a vibration pulse every 5 seconds, interrupting my videos!!!?? I'm so disgusted with this.. the video will keep pulsing, then start over, or skip to the end.. or WHATEVER! I AM SO DISGUSTED WITH THIS RIGHT NOW! FIX IT! THEN I WILL FIX MY RATING!!! #ANGRYSNAPCHATLOYALIST",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1071,Koyena Chatterjee,"December 9, 2022","Snapchat, well, is very easy to use. One problem I've been facing is while installing it: While installing it, it just downloads and then shows 'installing' yet my network coverage is good. This is the only problem I face, else everything is okay.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1072,Soumi Ghosh,"February 14, 2023","This app is good but recently I am unable to export my saved photos and videos .....it's always saying ""oops something went wrong"" .......i don't know what's wrong........plzz try to fix this issue.",0,3,snap_chat
1073,Jeremy E.,"October 9, 2022","Snap continues to bug me. Was just randomly going through snap one time and I get some message on my screen about terms and service update. When I press okay on that it takes me to the main screen (the one with camera), in the top right it says I have 82 friend requests and/or people who added back. But thats besides the point because I can't press to go to that screen, let alone any screen; messages, stories, memories, etc. I redownloaded and it worked normal for a moment, but it happened again","2,399 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1074,Ash,"September 17, 2022","I do have to say I love the app, everything is great runs smoothly few glitches here and there BUT the one issue (recurring issue) is that when I spam someone fast (not too fast) I have to uninstall and then download it again meaning I have to most of the time make a new account which is so time consuming for me to do I don't know if other people have this issue or have had something similar. 2 stars overall.",519 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1075,M Messana,"September 30, 2022","I enjoy the app. I'm able to connect with everyone. Only issue, it stopped connecting with my Bluetooth (headphones and car) I know it's a small thing , but it's the only way I talk to some people. And I liked that I could FaceTime (again with everyone) and still hear them clearly. If there's a way to fix this I haven't tried. I'm all ears",563 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1076,Anastasia Valadez,"December 30, 2022",This app is awesome they have so many face filters it's all so cool even when you get to show everyone you can and them and double make sure it's the correct person and then you can show them a lot so this app is really cool.,70 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1077,Jennifer Ebeling,"January 27, 2023",The new update has put a black bar on the bottom of my screen and I it hard to judge where to put my text so the person I'm sending it to can read the full text and not just part of it.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1078,Lena Adamovic,"January 28, 2023","This app is so fun! I used it all the time, but there's one problem. When i accept friend, who's boy, he asked me for something what's for Female. I report all that boys, but the just do it again. All of this, never mibd be cause there's no one filters of the something else.. good app :)",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1079,reena kadukar,"December 26, 2022",It's a vey nice experience I loved it . It's my regular using aap I like it so much but in games sometimes it not loading and sometimes it automatically get back to home screen I check in all aap but this happen in only spanchat otherwise it's all ok ...,0,4,snap_chat
1080,Joshua Heinlein,"January 14, 2023",TikTok issues... When you share into Snapchat it goes to text for Android and splits it into many videos. It seems to be an issue with Android only but it's very annoying.,7 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1081,Ben,"October 31, 2022","App is extremely buggy in the last few updates, not sure what has happened but it has pretty much broken the app. Any time I try to take a picture with flash, it freezes and my flash stays on until I close the app. My friends list says that everyone who has ever added me just added me, despite that not being the case. I've loved Snap for so long but it's sad to see that you guys aren't caring as much now.","2,708 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1082,Chloe Acosta,"September 24, 2022",The ads have become unbearable. It is beyond annoying and makes me use the app way less. And there is so much click bait where their explore videos don't finish or aren't even about what the title says/shows. It's just become a trashy app. I only use it to communicate with friends who use it. Even the face filters have gotten clickbaity and low quality over the years. I also hate the constant useless notifications about having notifications off or a friends story. Revise the whole app.,"1,458 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1083,Lani,"January 29, 2023",ANNOYING WON'T LET ME LOG IN whenever I try to log into my Snapchat it says unusual activity. Then I delete the app and redownload it then it does the same thing. They disabled me from making and logging into any accounts because they took my first account for not having my email connected to it so whenever I tried to get it back they wouldn't let me . Next thing you know it's saying I can't log in any accounts from this device so I had to buy ANOTHER PHONE and my money is low I'm only 16.. 🫥😐,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1084,Braxton Ross,"February 13, 2023","This app is horrible. The user interface is complicated and tough to use, and also the real-time messaging is buggy and also unstable. The video clip conversation feature is also significantly lacking, and also it's hard to sign up with conversations with numerous pals. Generally, this application is only a migraine.",0,3,snap_chat
1085,Cool kiddo's,"January 16, 2023",This app is good for texting and calling friends but it's also super glichy on Android it always makes the camera blurry. I can't see chats most of the time so I have to delete Snapchat and the install it again.,4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1086,Alicia-Marie Brough,"January 2, 2023",I use this app often but for some reason it will pop up with the notification that someone has messaged me but when I open the app nothing is there. it is honestly really annoying as I love Snapchat and use it to message all my friends please fix it if you can as I'm not sure if this is happening to everyone,3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1087,Laura Riffo,"September 15, 2022","So i decided to indulge the discover section a bit when I'm bored. But it's been so aggravating when I'm watching a story and i get through a few snaps and it's supposed to make me watch an ad before i watch the next bit, but it doesn't. It replays the first bit and i have to skip through it to the ad to then get the next part of the story and it just repeats this every time and each section. So it takes me double the time to watch a story. I hate this.","1,283 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1088,Lamar lake,"December 22, 2022",Every time I log out I get this stupid notification and then it keeps me on a blank Snapchat screen that I can't do anything on. I can't take pics go to a story or even check my messages. I can't even log back into my account. You shouldn't even be sending alerts when someone LOGS OUT.,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1089,Patrick Blaney,"January 7, 2023","SnapChat abuses notifications on Android. The app pushes spam, clickbaity content as messaging notifications in order to subvert user control of notification permissions. Want to Snapchat with friends? You will get >10 spam notifications every single day. I hate this app but I don't want to miss snaps the my friends send to me.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1090,Levi Michalski,"February 1, 2023","Fold support has gotten better over the years, but it's certainly nowhere near where it deserves to be. Dark mode is still nowhere to be seen for whatever reason, and the updates aren't really doing much in favor of folding phones.","6,995 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1091,Siddharth Tiwari,"January 26, 2023",There is a bug in snapchat. I saved all my snaps in memories after few minutes all snaps disappeared. I lose all my recently memories. Please solve this issue as soon as possible and give all my snaps back to me.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1092,RedXDevil Blade,"October 17, 2022","Snapchat is a really great app to chat with friends! It's just that once I made my character I can't change it again, I've uninstalled the app and got it again but nothing changed it keeps saying ""Something went wrong. Please try again!"" Yet, I keep trying and nothing works. I'm not sure If it's just me but it's so annoying and I'm stuck with a undesign character- I've been stuck for like a few months now😭😭","5,959 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1093,Rylee Molzan,"January 15, 2023","Amazing I love it have had it since 2018, it's so good love the filters.But my sister got a update but I didn't I have an android she has an apple product other than that amazing have had no problem. I recommend downloading it.😍 Jk it doesn't let me open my snaps any more please fix this bug.",19 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1094,Karsen Burch,"December 29, 2022",Very good apps no problem with the texting part it is really frustrating when there is an add right in the middle of the story and it takes me off of the website overall great app!,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1095,Ticci Toby,"December 25, 2022",I've been having to delete and reinstall the app multiple times just to use it. It will randomly stop working on me and it's getting so frustrating and annoying.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1096,Madeline Lau,"October 24, 2022","Amazing app. Honestly if the app would stop cutting in and out then I would five it 5 stars but today I tried to reply to some of my snaps but it was almost like the screen was frozen. You couldn't do anything. No matter what I did - restarting my phone, going to update it, closing the app then trying again and even to the point where I had to uninstall the app then reinstall now I can't even log in. it just didn't work.","2,263 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1097,Lex,"December 15, 2022",App has been full of bots lately. I'm getting 3 friend requests a day if not more and only started recently. All with randomly generated names with 4 numbers at the end. Is it really that hard to code a system that prevents spam???,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1098,Dikshant Pandey,"February 1, 2023","Overall its a good app but after they launched plus feature now am more concerned about them, i bought Snapchat plus few weeks ago but what i feel is they should definitely provide more premium experience to plus members but all am getting is bugs day by day , my screen around camera is blacked out its not working in full screen , i have a very limited options in plus so it hardly distinguish from others if they pay very much attention towards yr account they should definitely improveexperience",0,3,snap_chat
1099,Chase Branson,"February 14, 2023",It's a good app but the send button should be relocated it cause a lot of snaps to send too early. And the save in chat button doesn't work alot of the time,0,1,snap_chat
1100,malar malar,"February 6, 2023",This app is often get stopped and I want to. Reinstall it and keep the option to know the friends are in online or not don't allow screen recorder in the app more fake account are there,0,1,snap_chat
1101,Pickle Rick,"February 14, 2023","Now I'm not sure if this is for everybody, but the call audio is the worst thing in the world. I say something and my friend (including me) hears what I say a half minute later. He said what ur fav food and I say my answer and he does not hear he till half a minute later when he is talking about something else.",0,2,snap_chat
1102,Ash G,"February 13, 2023","(1) Don't bother sending them feedback or bug reports, they don't give a flying duck. (2) There is no Video Quality option in their Settings Menu to change your videos from SD 480x960 to full HD 1080p. Snapchat locks Android to 480p while giving Apple users Full HD results. (3) Even though you have painstakingly saved the best Lenses to your Favourites, those won't be available to you when Editing a Snap Video. They force you to use their own rubbish Snapchat Lenses when Editing.",39 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1103,Colby Patterson,"February 4, 2023",Buggy Please quit changing things. My text bar gets stuck behind stupid filters when I'm simply trying to use snap for its intended purposes. Can't do so when I can't successfully make a snap without buggin,0,3,snap_chat
1104,pravin ghantewad,"February 12, 2023",There is need to fix issue of contact synchronization..... if I dont want to sync my contacts then why snapchat sync it automatically and shows me about those contacts as friend suggestion.....please stop this...and fix such trouble issue.,0,1,snap_chat
1105,Sanan Shaikh,"February 3, 2023",It is a good app but since the last update I am not able to see the games option. I used to enjoy the games in the snapchat it was fun playing and talking with friends....please look into it.....that's why I am giving it 3 stars because snapchat team removed the games features.....,13 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1106,W.C. Smith,"February 17, 2023",Even after denying it permission to access my contacts and other info my security alerts it has accessed all my information and details. The development team and owners of this app should be publicly executed for all to see. Better hope i never meet them.,0,1,snap_chat
1107,Kaylee Herman,"February 4, 2023",I love using this app I use it very frequently and I love talking to my friends this way. But on the Samsung I don't like the update were there's a border around the camera I'm not a big fan of it.,0,3,snap_chat
1108,आdarsh,"February 18, 2023","There is a serious issue with this app whenever i try to log out my account it always says the snaps are not backed up even though there is no sign of unbacked up snaps Also i am facing another issue the camera of my snapchat is not opening in full screen all the snaps that i take are getting half cut due to the terrible aspect ratio, i have tried redownloading, clear cache but nothing's working",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1109,Leia Scholes-laird,"February 5, 2023",I really enjoy this app but something happened that u can't seem to fix. Snapchat froze for me and I can get it back. When I go into a chat nothing loads except from the chat bar and even then my messeges don't show up when I send them?,0,4,snap_chat
1110,iitsgaby,"February 17, 2023","love it and all. but why does iOS have the ""boomerang"" effect and samsung doesn't? pls I just want the boomerang effect 😭 oh! and dark mode... its just like tiktok. it's been YEARS and still no dark mode for samsung, only iOS users, how fair 🙂.",0,4,snap_chat
1111,emiliager,"February 9, 2023","Great app, but i want to know why my old snapchat can get the new updates, but my main account cannot? I have been waiting for the update for so long and it showed, but today when i logged into my snapchat it was gone, how can i get it back and why did it dissappear. Honestly that is my only complaint",0,3,snap_chat
1112,Semaj Lienahtan,"February 11, 2023","When is Snapchat going to have a dark mode? This is the only app that burns into my screen after using it, rather annoying, and potentially damaging to my screen. Also, subtitles that display when watching snap stories stop displaying after advertisement",4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1113,Anna Merlino,"February 3, 2023","Tell me why I'm not even getting calls if I'm not in the app anymore. Also tell me why there's no help option in the app or any option to report a problem. And finally, tell me why it's saying there's an internet issue in the miraculous case I can actually call someone WHEN THERE ISNT. Fix your app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1114,Sphurti,"February 14, 2023",It is the best for the sharing photo This app gives different lens everyday The app also gives a lot of features like video call songs and editing the photos. We can even create group .,4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1115,Issac Pittman,"January 31, 2023","Super buggy, its bean buggy but latly it has gotten crazy, I can't send messages and it notifys me that someone snapped me, but I can't see tht At they did for like an hour after they sent it. Very disappointing 😕.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1116,Bilquees Beidar,"February 5, 2023","Overall the best app, but the problem is new update is not good... when we take a picture there appears a black frame type it covers half of the screen I hate that like hell please fix this",0,4,snap_chat
1117,Pratima Choudhary,"February 7, 2023","It is mind blowing app but one thing i don't like about this app is it doesn't have nice outfits , they are ridiculous you know what i would do if were your app designer i would put nice suits for men in this app . So better put nice suits like Tom ford suits , that's all i want and many others",0,3,snap_chat
1118,Elizabeth,"February 5, 2023","Aside from being buggy, riddled with ads and bad content, it won't load videos messages. How long has this app been out now? Also so so many people get banned due to inaccurate reporting that I've lost touch with people who's pages got deleted.",32 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1119,Nameless,"February 19, 2023","Snapchat is an amzing app but i have one problem, so i logged on with my computer and i have many photos saved in my eyes only but it is telling me that i can not see some of my photos because the person who sent them was using a newer version even though i have the most recent update",0,5,snap_chat
1120,Declan Nugent,"February 1, 2023",Everything was fine before the update. And now its updated and my screen has been made smaller on the app and i have a big black bar at the bottom of the screen and it was never like that before,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1121,Kishy Mishy Crafts,"February 18, 2023","Please bring an update, where we can hide videos from camera roll too, in hide my eyes only feature. As videos cannot be hided, so ultimately we have to use 1 more vault. Please do this update, as it would be easy for us.",0,3,snap_chat
1122,Jack Man97,"February 10, 2023","The black bars gotta go, makes my camera screen look smaller and are just flat out annoying. I liked it better when my camera took up my whole phone screen.",0,4,snap_chat
1123,Julian Rascher,"February 19, 2023","Actually, your app deserves a five star rating, but since an update a few weeks ago, my snap quality is getting worse and e.g. I can't change the location at the location filter. Please fix that and I will give you the rating you deserve.",0,1,snap_chat
1124,Evelyn Stamper,"February 10, 2023",Loved the app until recently the camera cropped at the bottom and the notifications stopped working which is annoying. (I do have the notifications turned on btw),0,4,snap_chat
1125,Summaiya Shoaib,"February 3, 2023","This new black bar update is the absolute worst. If the text suddenly slides down, I can't bring it back up again. Please fix this.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1126,Take1Chance,"February 8, 2023","I hate that this app is the app my friends use to talk to eachother, because I'm stuck with a product that gets worse with every update. Androids STILL don't have the dark mode option, very infuriating...",95 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1127,Aashutosh Vats,"February 11, 2023",There are many rakes in the application which is not good. I am very upset with this app or when you add songs on story you play very deer songs or songs are very useful or old songs are not there at all😓😓,0,1,snap_chat
1128,Devendra Sahu,"February 4, 2023","The app is best but I have a problem with this app .I am unable to make public profile in Snapchat due to that I hate this app .I try many times to make public profile but the option is not display in the app .I also take the help from the ""I need help"" option in the app but I can't get help from it So kindly request you to solve my problem or give me solution for that problem. Thank you",0,1,snap_chat
1129,Penelope,"February 19, 2023",So far it has been a great experience. I have loved every second I have been on Snapchat because I have gotten to snap my most memorable memories and show people what I have been doing.I also have been able to connect with my friends on Snapchat.I love it!!,3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1130,Nishant Verma,"February 8, 2023","Even by accident if you make a group, you can't delete it. This is the most dumbest thing for any app to do. Till the option to delete group isn't coming back, i won't change the ratings",0,1,snap_chat
1131,Isaiah Juarez,"February 2, 2023","If you give us the option to shazam music from peoples story that would be amazing and I will give you at least 3 stars maybe even 4. I also do not like the discover feed at all. If I could disable it, that would be an easy 5 stars.",0,1,snap_chat
1132,Michelle Nicole,"February 18, 2023",It would be even better if there was a snapchat games new feature where there was an option next to the microphone like 📷 this so you can press it and then you would press both so that people you chat with can see you.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1133,Yashmeet Singh,"February 4, 2023",After update my snap screen crop from upper to bottom. And location is fixed not change manually. This features is not good.,0,3,snap_chat
1134,Suhani Maheshwari,"February 19, 2023","Whenever I log out the snapchat becomes blank means it doesn't show anything this problem happens in every 2nd and 3rd day of the week, I had to uninstall and re-download the snapchat to fix it ,this is very frustating thing. Please solve this problem fast or else I have to uninstall the snapchat",0,1,snap_chat
1135,Tannu talent hub,"February 11, 2023",I am using this app since 3 months and i am in love with this app . It's filters are so creative and lovely . We can chat easily through this app . Call quality is also very nice only 1 thing that i don't like is that when we delete someone's or takes a screenshot it appears to the person we are chatting pls improve this,17 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1136,Karuna Singh,"February 10, 2023","I am having trouble in logging in when I enter my phone number or email id and I forgot my password so I use Forgot password option while submitting it stops working. It happens Everytime I do this. So , Please solve it as soon as possible.",0,3,snap_chat
1137,Mau Prism,"February 14, 2023",They have delebrately made the notification sound as something that kills your ears especially with earplugs on and the only way to change it is by subscribing to Snapchat+ so either no sound notifications or they kill u.,0,1,snap_chat
1138,Sonia Thakur,"February 5, 2023",Snapchat is a best app but i have a complain with you..new update came and games are not here..we can't play together those games..i want those games back.. option of games is not there..only photos and bitmoji options..fix this problem... quickly.. and i want those games back..🙄😤,5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1139,Darshan Naik,"February 3, 2023",Reels have useless videos. It's only showing wasting time and non informative. No appearance setting. Not able to see text in system dark mode,0,1,snap_chat
1140,Akhtar Zeb,"February 20, 2023","It is very easy way to click Nice pictures, because there is so much gorgeous filters for each and every face.",4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1141,Muhammad Abdullah,"February 6, 2023","I am running three accounts on Snapchat, i used to switch my accounts minimum three time a day, while switching, sometimes it is completely out of order. Then i have to re-install it. Literally it is too much irritating 🙂.",0,3,snap_chat
1142,Chase G,"February 1, 2023",Friend adding is totally broken. New adds from friends dont show up in the app at all. Still get the notification but new adds still dont show up.,0,2,snap_chat
1143,Lilyanne Vautour,"January 31, 2023",I love the app it's self but there just this one thing. It says it's updating the texts but I cant use snap at all and then I check the app store and it doesn't need an update so this is starting to get frustrating but overall a good app.,0,3,snap_chat
1144,Muneer Ansari,"February 6, 2023",Very good for time wastage. It shows relatives id for add which is the worst feature. Make it relatives free. Remove streaks feature Allow screenshots Not suitable for sigma male,0,1,snap_chat
1145,Md Ayaan,"February 11, 2023","The app is greatt, but my timeline button keeps on getting disappear from the main screenn... and it is really very irritating... this need to be fixed..",0,3,snap_chat
1146,Amber Mcdonald,"February 18, 2023",I love Snapchat because you have like different optional pics of stories and stuff and you can make your own story you get to chat with your friends and there is a few technical difficulties but it's not like they're kind of technical difficulties like you would think like making your phone turned off and on and stuff like that so I hope you'll really like Snapchat if y'all will get it,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1147,Esadeen Yemane,"February 10, 2023",It would be a 5 if you could add something (can you add so you can choose everyone so they can see your private story) it would be so much better.,0,4,snap_chat
1148,Syed Alam,"February 17, 2023",Fabulous app 👍 but I have a issue ... I have two I'd and first I'd login and than logout and second one I'd is login and than logout i repeated two and three times and than privacy policy is thats comes we click the continue than my snap was stuck not working please resolve the issue,0,2,snap_chat
1149,Mattie Gatlin,"February 20, 2023",I do like the app. However I've been having trouble getting into my account for the past couple days cause it is saying due to repeated failed attempts snapchat is temporarily disabled. Like why give me that amount of trouble logging into my account snapchat?,0,3,snap_chat
1150,Bryce Ross,"February 7, 2023",I can't access my account because the only option I have to get into it after I used the correct password and email it says it's sending a message to the number I have no access to. Get me past that and I'll give 5 stars otherwise makes no sense,0,2,snap_chat
1151,Anagha Rao,"February 9, 2023",Snapchat is a nice app. I feel it should have freezes or something like that for streaks when people really aren't available and cannot send a snap. Bring the birthdays list feature back,0,4,snap_chat
1152,David,"February 9, 2023","Dark mode? Games? Why is there no option for dark mode yet? Come on, Snap! It's 2023. GIVE THE PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT. Also, please bring back the games. You're ruining my free time. My girl and I loved to play those together.",0,3,snap_chat
1153,belen leyva,"February 14, 2023","this app is js great to call your friends there are so many funny, cute, wierd looking filters they are so fun but and i js love snapchat but one thing i hate about it is that when i log out of my account and i try to log back in it doesn't let me and i remembered my password and it said it was wrong so every time i log out of my account and try to log in i have to make a new password EVERYTIME!",0,5,snap_chat
1154,Eshal Fatima,"February 10, 2023",This app is amazing but I am facing a problem that the message I send or the message I recive from my friends I could not see them they are just erased I can only see that there is a message but could not see the letters .please answer how to fix that problem ?,0,2,snap_chat
1155,Stephanie Turra,"February 11, 2023","Very large groups of people on snapchat, it's great for meeting other people and adding even randoms you don't really know to make a friendship and accept everyone and everything.",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1156,Blair Mahoney,"February 10, 2023","my snaps/videos (nothing else) appear to of slid down the screen by about 2cm, this also affects where a message is on a snap as i might press on one part but it puts the message down by 2cm. this needs to be fixed now.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1157,rohied shirzai,"February 17, 2023",After a bug it makes it completely unusable. I can't even see anything the screen is white. Bye Snapchat it has been a long run.,0,1,snap_chat
1158,Landen Spoonemore,"February 7, 2023","It is normally good but there is a black bar at the bottom now and I hate it I just updated today and wished I didn't so I wouldn't have it anymore it is awful, looks bad, and just makes it look and feel way worse than normal. As far as I can tell nobody likes it.",0,3,snap_chat
1159,Halima Hassan Raeesi,"February 4, 2023",This app is good but I'm not getting any notifications lately like none. I've tried reinstalling the app and even restarting my phone but I'm not getting notifications. I need help to fix this please ASAP .,0,4,snap_chat
1160,Daniel Roberts,"February 18, 2023",Constant video notification with a red dot that cannot be removed. They took away night mode and zoom features of Galaxy S21 in camera mode.,0,1,snap_chat
1161,Anas Ali,"February 4, 2023",It was working fine for me but now a black bar has approched at the bottom of the screen ruining the experience. Kindly solve this issue.,0,1,snap_chat
1162,Zeta Stanton,"February 8, 2023","They got rid of the best feature aka the game feature due to some dumb reason me and my friends are awfully upset at this bc we all have got along so well with this feature and now it's gone I've made good friendships with and it's now gone thanks Snapchat thanks for the ""improvement""",0,1,snap_chat
1163,Shubham saini,"February 20, 2023","It's showing temporarily blocked when i login , i couldn't use snapchat in my phone and i was waiting because it says temporarily blocked but it still isn't working i can't make new accounts and can't login my previous account , snapchat is shittt.... Fix it please!!",0,1,snap_chat
1164,Madi Rose,"February 2, 2023","I was logged out of my accout and am unable to make a new on or log back in, i have had the temporary lock for about a month after unlocking my snapchat and getting the problem 'solved' by snapchat support. Snapchat has jist been glitchy in general. They need to fix this problem and not lock my snapchat for no reason.",0,1,snap_chat
1165,Carson Ramirez,"February 2, 2023","I just want the black bar at the bottom of my screen to be gone, ive accepted not having dark mode and all the other features but now my camera is just an annoyance too.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1166,Ajwa Adnan,"February 17, 2023",I mean its good on an ipad or a phone but its not amazing on a chromebook/laptop(etc.)It lags alot and the picture I took today came out looking like I was Hulks second wife.Please fix this if not at least make it not lag so that I can give it a 5 star rating next time...x,0,3,snap_chat
1167,Joey Pinkard,"February 15, 2023","Why is it 2023 and snap is still not as good on Samsung as iPhone. These phones can handle anything now, so there's no excuse. The hardware is there, so get your software together",0,3,snap_chat
1168,Naincy Mewade,"February 1, 2023",Good but i updated this app yesrerday then a problem occur that when we record the video the voice button is not showing any voice changer.... Pls back the voice changer...pls its my humble request .,0,4,snap_chat
1169,Shimayla Khan,"February 1, 2023","Worst app because all of my recently clicked picture are getting deleted ,it hurts when a special memories get deleted. In the past it happened too but Snapchat doesn't solve this problem I hate it. And one question don't ask for the star .....unless and until we don't tap tha star it doesn't post,such a mean app .",0,1,snap_chat
1170,kamakshi garg,"February 5, 2023",Overall it is a good app but from past days I hv a issue like black bars on my top of the screen which crops my picture when we save it i don't like these types of glitches ...,0,3,snap_chat
1171,Ayushi Pandey,"February 12, 2023",I don't know why but my Public Profile is not showing....fix it So much bugs and always stuck in a place.... I'm literally getting sick of this all Only bugs and bugs only.... What you are updating...?... bugs???!!!,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1172,Rae Baby,"February 1, 2023",Its fine except for the fact that every single time you guys update the app it messes everything up!! I cant talk to my best friend who i havent seen in at least six months and I cant take a video of my cats right now which honestly... upsets me more😂😤but FIX IT,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1173,Deva Laya Guleng,"February 5, 2023",Not working any longer. Don't know what they choose to do since with the new update but it is for sure now anon-functional app. I read I'm not the onlyone with an issue..,0,1,snap_chat
1174,Neet Shah,"February 7, 2023",WHAT IS GOING ON SNAPCHAT. A few updates ago this app was the best version to run on Android. And now I can't get a single snap that is natural looking. There is too much processing done. PLEASE FIX!!,25 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1175,Daniel Hearn,"February 20, 2023","I can't login in because I forgot my password. When I choose to reset my password via email, it brings me to a website that doesn't load. When I try to reset my password via phone, I put my phone number in several ways and it doesn't work. My username/email is the same. Fix this.",0,2,snap_chat
1176,Ryan Nimmo,"February 19, 2023",When I open the app it is very slow and laggy when I do finally get in snap snaps I always receive and always says its loading snap for about 2mins I've tried deleting the app and I didn't let me and when it did I couldn't install it back This has so many problems,0,3,snap_chat
1177,Jason Parker,"February 1, 2023",Ive only given the extra star because the snap editing is easier but the new updates made the bit emojis look yuck and it really needs to be changed. Ive also noticed that my quality camera has deteriorated (i have a s20+),149 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1178,Faith Johnson,"February 12, 2023",I liked the app back then now i dont know each time i open it it closes.. The surprising part is that i recently updated it 4days ago and its behaving abnormally. It reaches a point i just want to unistall it but i find myself installing it again.,0,1,snap_chat
1179,High Schooler,"February 19, 2023",Not saving videos to gallery 😕..now it's stuck. . doing nothing..not a single function.. couldn't open chats...or take photos... kindly fix it as soon as possible,0,1,snap_chat
1180,Kavya Pittala,"February 15, 2023","My snapchat account was temporarily disabled in my device from past 1 month I've tried many times to login to my account , even I've sent mail to Snapchat support team but that didn't work. Please try to fix the problem as soon as possible☠️ I want my acc back!!",0,4,snap_chat
1181,Jazmyn Richardson,"February 4, 2023",overall love this app but the thing I don't like is all my IOS friends can turn their snap to dark mode but when I try to (I have an android) 'app appearance' / dark mode isn't an option and I really want to be in dark mode for it,0,3,snap_chat
1182,Oscar Pineds,"February 8, 2023",My snap will open but freeze on the home screen and won't do a single I would have to install it all over again just for it to work for a few days before is bugs out again,0,1,snap_chat
1183,Dyvyne Prsnlty,"February 5, 2023",Not even able to give permission for the app to access my media and photos anymore!! The permission bubble just stays frozen on my screen!! PLEASE FIX IT!!,0,1,snap_chat
1184,NarcøleptiK,"February 13, 2023","Full of useless ads, they removed games and beforehand they removed many other games. Nostalgic ones. They downgrade the app every update. It's seriously not worth it. Also WTAF is the Snap feed. They make it increasingly difficult to find your filters on video call.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1185,Samson Joel,"February 4, 2023","It's a really good app for taking pics and meeting new friends but i don't get people that are closer to me i meet people that are miles away from me, sometimes in another country. Pls fix that",0,5,snap_chat
1186,Anunay Shukla,"February 18, 2023","App crashes alot , and in chats section minis and games option not available to access. A reported this bugs on snapchat but they haven't replied yet!!!!! , My experience getting worse and worse",0,1,snap_chat
1187,Ashiraf Mas,"February 8, 2023",For those of you guys who have not been using it for the couple of time all I can tell you is that you are at a miss coz it's just a good app for Android and everyone to spend their leisure so for that matter I highly recommend it to each and everyone,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1188,Elina Williams,"February 12, 2023",Stupid black bar at bottom when taking a snap and photo and video quality when sending is horrendous cause it's so zoomed out. Change it back please it's stupid.,0,1,snap_chat
1189,Sukhpal Singh,"February 3, 2023",It's amazing aap but the only thing which I don't like is that when we are taking the screenshot it shows to the next person either we recorded the screen same will hpapen other all the things are great .,0,4,snap_chat
1190,gk gill,"February 19, 2023",Very glitchy. Whenever I use it for a while it lags too much ehich definitely sucks and plzzzzzzz remove the black bar and the filter wheel 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 it's way too much annoying 😑,0,1,snap_chat
1191,Christopher Miller,"February 3, 2023",My experience was wonderful until it started not popping up my friends pictures and not sending messages and not posting stuff on my wall other than that it is wonderful but it is getting really ridiculous can't post or send friends messages on snapchat why not please fix it,0,5,snap_chat
1192,Eamonn Dortmans,"February 7, 2023","Ever since the new update it's been horrible, write a snap and then it will just crash. They really need to do something about all the bugs especially if they wanna charge a 'snapchat+' service 🤢🤢",0,1,snap_chat
1193,Naomi Carrillo,"February 3, 2023",I'm literally hate that I didn't even update my snapchat but they added this black space on the top whenever I take snap. I just want it to go back to what it was. help me! Also whenever I clear a conversation on snapchat it just gets rid of our streaks,0,2,snap_chat
1194,Kam,"February 14, 2023","I like snapchat a lot i really do. But im giving this a 2 star reveiw because, my snap always breaks like it would be stuck and kick me out of it i try to update it but it wont let me. Ive been having troubles with this problem a lot.",0,2,snap_chat
1195,Phoebe Jones,"February 1, 2023",It was good but out of nowhere the camera only started covering the bottom 3/4 of the screen and it's super irritating.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1196,Moha Aha,"February 14, 2023",Very bad cant even click the chat button or take a snap or anything the apps frozen only the camera works but I cant use filters/take a snap very bad.,0,2,snap_chat
1197,Kaleem Seyed,"February 1, 2023",I always hated the idea of updating an app has no reason to do so whatsoever like we in 2023 and we Android users barely get a proper notification for an update if I had the chance to give a -1 star over one star for this app every time it ask for an update that should be an automatic red flag and to be honest stuff like this should never happen because updates are super useless and it just creates more issues so instead it updating the actual app fixing the features they do the opposite smh lol,0,1,snap_chat
1198,Irfa Ahmed,"February 1, 2023",The new update is not at all good my screen is shrinked and the quality of the videos is also very bad my filters make me look short everything is bad about this update. Resolve the issue,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1199,Makenna Berends,"February 8, 2023",This is a good app to text friends and family on but I hate the updates Snapchat has been having lately not only did they change the bit emoji but they have gotten rid of the games and its kinda stupid that they did that cuz the games were honestly really fun to play when you and your friends are bored,0,4,snap_chat
1200,Nenavath Naveen,"February 14, 2023",Improve the music because of i cannot find my favorite music when i search a music snap shows non related music.It was amazing app for photos and selfie.Easy to use.,0,5,snap_chat
1201,Kas,"February 1, 2023","Idk if anyone else has this problem but my camera is being super weird rn, it doesn't fully fill my screen like how I used to, there's empty black space on the top and bottom whenever I use my camera, it's super weird",0,3,snap_chat
1202,aliza iqbal,"February 6, 2023",This is very nice app I really like this but the one and only problem is when this app go on updating it takes more than one day and then my streaks may be broken but this time it is taken more than one day why this happening?,0,4,snap_chat
1203,OMG Im Free,"February 11, 2023",That works great unfortunately if you try to get on there and watch something you have to watch every 10 seconds some advertising I mean this advertising is worse than the TVs advertising ridiculous,0,1,snap_chat
1204,Kylie Walters,"February 4, 2023","When I switched from my account to my main account, it completely stopped working, I restarted my phone and it still wouldn't work, please fix this because it's a stupid bug",0,3,snap_chat
1205,Ross Bradley,"February 7, 2023",Notifications are awful. They have no settings to differentiate so just expect to get 5 pings per day from bots' friend requests or on the other hand get nothing.,0,3,snap_chat
1206,Jessica Obu,"February 8, 2023","I have a problem with the ratio. It is like the camera doesn't fit my screen. There is always a black bar at the top of the screen , and it does not look beautiful 😔",0,1,snap_chat
1207,Flame Firestorm,"February 11, 2023","When you're in a group chat with someone you blocked it should work like discord. Their chat, snap, or image show up as a blocked message and then you can tap it to see it, or leave it as a blocked message. If you made that a feature easy 5 stars.",0,2,snap_chat
1208,Diya Acharjee,"February 12, 2023","This app is so useful app........ you can see here videos, chat with anyone, talk with anyone what do you want video or audio call, and also this app has so many things what you naver think about that....... Thank you for this app. I am very happy with this app and that 's why I am giving this app 5 star's.",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1209,Avaiz R,"February 4, 2023",Giving it one star coz the camera doesn't cover the full screen...its only half...and there's no option to choose the size of the camera covering area....this problem occurred after the upadte..my screen size in snapchat has become smaller,0,1,snap_chat
1210,Blair Holland,"February 18, 2023","Doesn't even work after the new update. I can TAKE the picture or video, then it freezes up and I can't even post or send it. It's literally useless now.",0,1,snap_chat
1211,Gunadeepreddy Gangula,"February 5, 2023",Acatully why dont you add a fingersnap sound to open or start the app to use and may be snap.can change sone silly filters from the app and you might van give some more features and personal lock for personal chat so it can be more secure while using it and thankyou,0,3,snap_chat
1212,Jahan Zaib,"February 19, 2023",Plz make changes in notification display...Steaks and chat notification should not be unified...As we want to mute steak notifications but in this scenerio chat notifications are also not visible to us....We want to see steaks only in one time or two of a day but we dont want to miss chat,0,4,snap_chat
1213,Noor ul ain Sajjad,"February 4, 2023",I had a bad experience with snap videos For examples : If i want to make my video on fast forward it gets stuck on the next filter as soon as i scrool my screen towards left hand side @snapchat kindly do some thing solve my issue,0,3,snap_chat
1214,Rajni Khurana,"February 9, 2023",It's a really good app but sometimes it stop working and also when I use baby filter I can't make a video on it and my phone is new don't think that it is old phone that's why it is not working 🙄🙄 but this is good app that's why I am giving two stars ⭐⭐,0,2,snap_chat
1215,Mark Buckman,"February 14, 2023",Audio not working on videos. Works fine on Pixel camera etc. Have uninstalled/reinstalled. Permissions given and nothing.,0,1,snap_chat
1216,brook we,"February 4, 2023",I love this app so much. It helps make better friend sand better relationships with your friend sand family. I recommend it. And it's easy to figure out and know how to use. I use this app almost every day.,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1217,Catalin Deluxus,"February 6, 2023","New filters gui blocks your text, wakes your screen on by default (unintended taps on screen and wastes battery), no dark mode, swipe right and find about the same intellectual value of a sewer.",8 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1218,Harlee Lawrence,"February 17, 2023","It's great app, I've been using it for years now, however the ads are super annoying, personally, I don't like them, but hey, who does? It's a slight inconvenience, but nothing too bad, so I'm not really concerned with them",0,4,snap_chat
1219,Blake Holmes,"February 4, 2023",Sick of the people you may know popup. I accidentally adding people I don't know. Feb. 4th. New updates has diminished from camera quality and now is not full screen camera there's a black border.,0,1,snap_chat
1220,Kodie Lockley,"February 9, 2023","Very good, My only issue is the camera keeps failing and that there is no dark mode on android. I just wish that this becomes a thing.",0,4,snap_chat
1221,BL4NK,"February 6, 2023","What a horrible app it has become, too focused on earning money and pumping the audience full of advertisements that they can't even let the app run properly without bugs or issues. Pathetic display of a moneygrab.",0,1,snap_chat
1222,Jhomariz Reyes,"February 4, 2023",I hope snapchat can make an update to delete multiple conversations. It's a tedious task to delete the unwanted conversation since u have to do it one by one.,0,3,snap_chat
1223,Laylana singleton,"February 6, 2023","im using on a chromebook and it wont let you open the app anymore somethimes you have to delete and reinstall the app, and you cant send snaps, cant edit pictures anything.",0,3,snap_chat
1224,Wilhelm w,"February 8, 2023",I swear snapchat if you dont stop sending me a notification for everything im gonna delete this app. I get notifications for stories that i never watch memories i dont care about people i dont know that are now on snapchat. I only want a notification if someone is actually sending me a message anything else i dont care stop giving me a notification.,0,1,snap_chat
1225,Justin Spencer,"February 6, 2023","I'm giving this a bad review bc I can't call on my snapchat Fix it or I'll be mad, that's it I'm tired of it learn to fix it properly, still not fixed. The volume still isn't fixed when I call someone I can't hear anybody make major improvements",0,1,snap_chat
1226,Crestin Bowman,"February 3, 2023","So, for the first 2 weeks we're great, but now it won't send anything. When people send me snaps I can't see them. Cause it's ""still loading"". Even on wifi.",6 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1227,Cayla Martin,"February 1, 2023",The aspect ratio shrunk and now there's a black bar at the bottom and it's very annoying for my pictures.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1228,Goh Leslie,"February 12, 2023","Previously, Zenly was good. And i dont understand why it stopped?! Now this Snapchat is totally defeating this purpose of letting us know whereabout of our loved one. This app wanna follow the footstep of facebook and IG but it is totally a flop! Developers in the team are completely nothing but flashes.",0,1,snap_chat
1229,Aaron Townend,"February 4, 2023","Since snapchats recent updates they've made it barely usable. Calling is broken, it keep disconnecting from the internet, chats dissapear. Lately it feels like you have monkeys workin on media apps.",16 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1230,Kyle Maynard,"February 5, 2023",Hate spotlight. I really don't care about the wanna be TikTok feature and really hate the little bubble that appears when there's a new one Snapchat suggests I watch and I want to remove or block the feature.,0,1,snap_chat
1231,Abhishek Kumar,"February 12, 2023",It's a good app for photography and had interesting games. But nowadays no games are available and I have lost my games streak. Please try to bring back games.,0,4,snap_chat
1232,Huda kapadia Kapadia,"February 5, 2023",This aap is really nice but since few hours I am getting some issue. My issue is that I can't open thi snap. It's occuring after the update. Please solve this problem as soon as possible 🙏😞,0,4,snap_chat
1233,Arfakhan Tareen,"February 9, 2023",I've been using this app since many years but accidentally. I forgot my passcode for my eyes only in which I have many important picture I need and unfortunately it can not brenewed again and I can find no ways to fix this problem,0,2,snap_chat
1234,*DïyÃ kūmÅrî*,"February 1, 2023","There is a new problem in my Snapchat, full screen problem. The size of my screen has become smaller. Please fix this bug as soon as possible.",4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1235,Steffen Solberg,"February 3, 2023","Do they even know they have an android version? No dark mode, ugly black bars at the top and bottom of the screen and the camera quality is garbage despite having superior cameras to iPhone users. Useless",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1236,Brittani Clayton,"February 3, 2023",Fix the damn camera! We want to use the FULL SCREEN of our phones like we have ALWAYS been able to. This is ridiculously annoying for those of us that use Snapchat on a regular basis!,6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1237,Diesel78,"February 3, 2023","Absolutely terrible, I have a business account and a personal account and I went to go to my personal account and it completely Frozen up, I got out of the app and went back on and can't do anything",0,1,snap_chat
1238,Elizabeth Parde,"February 8, 2023","Don't know if they had an update but it won't let me access the camera. I restarted my phone, closed the app and nothing helped. Otherwise the app was good",0,3,snap_chat
1239,Max McCabe,"February 15, 2023",The latest update is a complete eyesore with the stupid black bars at the top and bottom of the screen. I don't understand why Snapchat releases pointless updates that nobody asks for.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1240,Dynamic,"February 11, 2023",Snap doesn't care about Andriod snap. Especially with this new update. My flagship phone should not be taking photos this ugly with a weird black border around it. They can't even give us dark theme.,0,1,snap_chat
1241,Dominic Downie,"February 7, 2023","Glitchy and sometimes unusable. Camera Glitches and the app isn't smooth, always stuttering and having trouble opening and responding to snaps. Please fix",0,1,snap_chat
1242,Shuja ul Rehman,"February 8, 2023","The app is very good but it has a drawback that the video is made only for one minute, the video time should be increased.",0,4,snap_chat
1243,Isaac,"February 3, 2023","New layout is awful. 3D bitmojis are also hideous. Neither of these were good additions, and made the app both uglier and less user friendly.",0,1,snap_chat
1244,navdeepak03,"February 8, 2023","Most useless app, its shortcut features are not working properly. Conversions also have to be deleted separately.Use heavy data.world worst social media application",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1245,cory mckee,"February 3, 2023","App works fine, but I don't need a notification every 5 minutes for people updating their stories. Is there any way to set the notifications to only go off if I am sent a snap?",0,1,snap_chat
1246,Marcus Shadwick,"February 15, 2023",Snap needs full access to all phone features to take and send pictures to people on your list of Snap friends. This is ridiculous and unnecessary. I doubt I have Snap installed after this week.,0,1,snap_chat
1247,Lizzz Stillman,"February 18, 2023","I dont know if this happend to anyone else but my bitmoji games arent there anymore, i have had to donlowed and redownload many times know bc it wont load at all. crossing my fingers it works",0,4,snap_chat
1248,Justin H.,"February 14, 2023",I used to love snap! But now there is to many ads!!! You can't watch someone put 3 screws in a piece of wood without watching 2 ads🤦‍♂️ its annoying.. I barely use snap anymore because of this.,0,1,snap_chat
1249,Sherry Knop,"February 12, 2023",I love this app so much the only thing I've insecure about is showing your location with people but you can put it on ghost mode you can design that's only some people can see where you are.,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1250,lily n,"February 5, 2023",Bugs! Can't log in or even open the app. It keeps crashing upon opening the app.,0,1,snap_chat
1251,Karan Dussa,"February 9, 2023",HGTV and the new series are all you can be written about and a new book by which we are looking to catting the next two or four months to you in this new chapter on a p or late evening with the next chapter in a book of a century in a new York city that is the first to you read a p and the book is very much the past and a great way of the reader and a lot more to do than ever to find a new album that the world will ever be like when it happens and it has a huge amount in its name in its first pl,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1252,xnewbxnnyx,"February 8, 2023",good app but it isn't really fair because android/samsung doesn't get to have the features as iphone and it makes the app more boring for android/samsung users. can their at least be a update for android/samsungs users so it can be fairly enjoyable.,0,3,snap_chat
1253,Gayatrii,"February 7, 2023","I've been using the app since years....but today I clicked so many pictures but they aren't saved in memories... I google what to do,they said to CLEAR CACHE & I did but nothing changed my pictures aren't theree...please help....",0,2,snap_chat
1254,Charlie Manchester,"February 6, 2023","✨I love Snapchat SOO much, you can use some effects offline, it's just so easy to use, but the ads come on every 10 to 20 seconds. I really recommend Snapchat ✨😁 (please add dark mode)",26 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1255,Mariam MOHAMED,"February 1, 2023",My camera isnot in full screen anymore!!! And every photo i take has a very annoying black frame I hope this is a bug and ihope it's fixed soon snapchat 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼 If somebody has the same problem like this review,3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1256,Vinay Vivek,"February 6, 2023",The app deserves 5Star but i should give only 1Star because the app is fully hanged after the update and it troubles a lot to the users. After Taking The Snap it doesnot allow to change the filter.So Update The App As Much As Possible Fastly🙂.,0,1,snap_chat
1257,brooklyn Mcgowen,"February 5, 2023",It's very good but on spotlight you can't pause a video like if u click the screen it goes to a nother video.,0,4,snap_chat
1258,Rowan De Blok,"February 6, 2023",Since recent update it places the text right where the filter bar and i can't place it anywhere else. Really annoying.,35 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1259,aslam aslam,"February 8, 2023","I like Snapchat It is true that I like Snapchat very much but one thing is not very good in it, on this I do not know the function like everyone else.And even my public story does not come in this and friend list also becomes full, friend list should not be full, something like this",0,5,snap_chat
1260,Anik Patel,"February 3, 2023",My camera screen is not full size..there is black bar at the bottom of the screen and also on top covering whole screen... think it might be a bug plz fix this problem as soon as possible,0,1,snap_chat
1261,Burhan ilyas,"February 8, 2023","Useless when i make video and zoom it then video isn't make smoothly. Please have look there in your app , issue is on Android devices not I phone.🥲",0,1,snap_chat
1262,Yukta Thakur,"February 14, 2023",It's a great social media app . Giving it 4 stars cause when we took screenshots it would show that person which is really not good 😂... Otherwise it's an amazing app... Just love😍 itt yeah!😄,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1263,Doc 65,"February 4, 2023","Provide an option to select multiple quick ads recommendations, to delete. It's a hassle blocking each manually and a pain!",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1264,Kristofer Mäeots,"February 3, 2023",Why are there black bars on my screen when taking photos???? Why does the camera not utilize my full screen anymore? Who even thought this would be a good idea?,0,1,snap_chat
1265,Arthur Wittal,"February 6, 2023",I use Snapchat a lot but my biggest problem is that i don't like to use IPhones but the app for android have a lot less features (for example no darkmode etc.) Thats very annoying.,0,2,snap_chat
1266,Rajender Single,"February 10, 2023",Nice app ! I love snapchat but the new update is very bad the timeline mode is not there the new director mode is not let me choose any new filter that's the worst ! Pls make the timeline mode back🙄,0,4,snap_chat
1267,Tanmay S M,"February 7, 2023",I guess you people should also add wide angle camera feature for Android users also since Android people also need it the most! Other than this everything's amazing!,0,4,snap_chat
1268,Malshika Navodani,"February 3, 2023",I can't install the app. It says something went wrong when I try to sign up.. I tried another device but results are same.,0,1,snap_chat
1269,Samantha Thompson,"February 2, 2023",The black bar on the screen is the worst thing a app could possibly do like it was perfect and you just completely ruined the whole app it's horrible,0,1,snap_chat
1270,Rajat Sawarkar,"February 4, 2023","Camera is fixed now but still facing problem with navigation, if swipe from edge is enabled then its interferring with snapchat's own navigation, and now the video recording is also jittery for a phone like s22 ultra",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1271,Audis 3B,"February 6, 2023",I can't see my notifications when they pop up! And signed in sign back out and reinstall the app still I can't know when people Snapchat me because it doesn't pop up and alert me that someone messaged me on my snap,0,3,snap_chat
1272,Munawar Ahmed khan,"February 7, 2023",This app is wonderful and excellent to use the filters are very nice to use you can take photo if you get up from sleep also filter make face so beutfuil without make up😂😂,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1273,JLyn Nicole,"February 9, 2023",Update issues. I'm not getting any notifications from the app now. All are turned on but nothing since the last update,0,3,snap_chat
1274,David Hume,"February 5, 2023",The filter wheel gets in the way of text if it gets stuck behind it. Impossible to get it out. Why can't I disable the filter wheel?,0,1,snap_chat
1275,Jayshri Thakur,"February 15, 2023",For me it's the best app to communicate with people but now days glitches are too much disturbing and also i allowed every setting i have a group so i can't send any snap to my friends or anyone i can message anyone even i can't see profiles properly now i can do is nothing more than watching stories should have fix it,0,4,snap_chat
1276,Prince Mohd,"February 15, 2023",Why we can't change the location on a snap. After taking a snap we can't edit the location. This is soo irritating. Please give an update for android users. Whereas in ios it works flawlessly but not in android,0,1,snap_chat
1277,Zeel Patel,"February 19, 2023","It is nice to chats with besti and your male best friend's. You have to improve your location my friend has started his location but in my phone the location is not showing so plzz imporve it and I have so much fun in spotlight it have a fun, when I am sad the spotlight only have to make me happy thnx for this appp guys",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1278,Mr Anonymous,"February 2, 2023",The UI gets stuck once you slide your finger to set a filter and then you can't send the snap or post a story.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1279,Therandom One,"February 3, 2023",Although it is an amazing app but the black bar on top and bottom of camera is really frustrating.its causing even more shrunk in the camera plsss fix it ASAP,0,4,snap_chat
1280,Muhammad Haroon,"February 15, 2023",Why isn't there any dark mode for Android users? Plus I feel like the quality of the video could be improved as comoared to iphone. I have a one OnePlus 8 pro and the video isn't as good as compared to iphone 8 plus or iphone x,0,3,snap_chat
1281,Tim Romano,"February 7, 2023",It is very buggy on the Galaxy Fold 3Z. Caches text in chat upon reopening and doesn't record audio like it should.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1282,Anurag Sharma,"February 14, 2023",It's not working from. Many day.... I can't login my account it's only showing something went wrong... And try again later but that later bc won't come 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️what the hell are they doing.,0,1,snap_chat
1283,rach Najdi,"February 4, 2023","Before this present issue, I would've given Snapchat 5 out of 5 starts, however because of the camera/video screen not being full screen anymore. I can't. Please fix this now.",0,3,snap_chat
1284,Babli Dhar,"February 3, 2023",the black bar making the filters small the maximum size of the filters are decreased don't know why this is happening y'all need to fix this,0,1,snap_chat
1285,JD Russell,"February 4, 2023",Everytime I get on Snapchat my vibrate goes off until I get out of the app. I hate vibrate my phone doesn't do it unless Snapchat is involved so whatever hack virus or whatever you put on my phone I'm removing your app. I don't know why you guys have something that messes with vibrate and I have literally tried to shut it off on my phone I've gone to the phone store four times to turn off the vibrate your app activates. I don't know why you guys are doing it or what you did,0,1,snap_chat
1286,Taylor Minger,"February 8, 2023","The ads, more specifically, the unskippable ads are getting out of hand. Every 15 seconds? It's unreal",0,2,snap_chat
1287,Bestkept Secret,"February 18, 2023",It's running slow now videos take forever to load. My uploads literally are taking a day to load. By the time they load it's time for them to disappear. 🤣🤣,0,2,snap_chat
1288,Larry Williams,"February 17, 2023","I can't get the Snapchat icon on my home screen , have to go to play store to open and everytime I turn off the phone. I have to uninstall then reinstall Snapchat to get the icon on the home page",0,3,snap_chat
1289,Bon Kanapkey,"February 17, 2023",NOBODY LIKES THE BITMOJI UPDATE PULEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD MAKE IT CEASE TO EXIST. GET RID OF IT. IT HAS DAMAGIN EFFECTS ON PEOPLES MENTAL HEALTH... update. I hate your new updates they are so ugly. Also why can't Samsungs/android have dark feature. Fix it.,0,3,snap_chat
1290,7SAN,"February 12, 2023","I got the S23 Ultra, best-in-class camera, might be the best on Android, and still pictures looks horrible when I take them on Snapchat. Unacceptable!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1291,Marina Caushi,"February 12, 2023","OMG!! I dont know if this problem is happening only to me!This app worked perfectly fine until now.It doesn't show the chats , spotlights , stories , friend requests , lensses at all!It is like a normal camera 😡 Please fix it",42 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1292,Justin Gosnell,"February 15, 2023",This app needs a serious update on adding people and the limit of it needs to be heightened ugh it's annoying when I add people and it ses sorry something went wrong like come on I'm only adding someone there shouldn't be nothing wrong with that fix this app now,0,4,snap_chat
1293,Teethcore,"February 7, 2023",good app to contact your friends but my only issue is that dark mode isn't available for Android users (i have a galaxy) and the camera quality for Android sucks.,0,3,snap_chat
1294,donia almouzakzak,"February 15, 2023","don't get me wrong I love snapchat and the filters it offers . However,I do not appreciate the fact that they took away my little rocket launcher to launch snap games so for that it lost 4 stars because that rocket launcher literally,was my life and I might as well just delete snapchat if it doesn't come back .",0,1,snap_chat
1295,Jacinta,"February 1, 2023","Updated the app today just to have a bug that didn't exist for me prior. Keeps saying ""unable to find *insert uersername*"" when i try added people. Really frustrating.",0,3,snap_chat
1296,Isa Hall,"February 7, 2023","I gave this 1 star because i cant even use it. The minute i go in the app just closes. Nothing loads, and my texts wont send.Be smart and get it on a phone or ipad.",0,1,snap_chat
1297,Saba Dahir,"February 9, 2023",It is fun and amazing app. I can't save my snaps in chat even my friends can't do this as well. There's no option in my snapchat app to save snaps in chat.,0,3,snap_chat
1298,A Google user,"February 12, 2023",My brothers Iphone snap app is miles ahead of my app. They have dark mode and also have recording widget buttons. So many features. Why are we left in the dust?,6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1299,tabasum nazir,"February 18, 2023","It's just that it has excellent functions and one thing to improve is that, it should be also on Microsoft it's a request.",0,5,snap_chat
1300,ranyil john,"February 5, 2023",Everything is nice . But why is my snapchat not working when i agree to the new guidelines.... I'm legit uninstalling and installing the app for the 3rd time now because of this problem.,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1301,Mommy And Daddy's Cats,"February 14, 2023",I tried it just to see why it's so popular... big mistake... nude bot spam... nothing else. All I receive is bot invitations spamming naked fake picture and short videos... in 2 weeks I literaly seen 0 real person.,0,1,snap_chat
1302,Krystal Smith,"February 19, 2023",Love this app! I could be having a bad day and I use one of the million filters to make a video and it can change my mood in a second!,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1303,Hailey Burke,"February 14, 2023","I love this app you can talk to friends and family with filters and without the filters causing your device to slow down, unlike some other apps",0,5,snap_chat
1304,Suzy mahmood,"February 5, 2023","I download this app because of zenly but nothing like zenly. This app can't detect my love one if another doesn't open the app. Why must online can detect the person? When offline, i can't find the others. I miss zenly 😪",0,1,snap_chat
1305,Mutahara Sultana,"February 1, 2023",I have a issue my game option isn't showing pls fix this it was before the new update but after I updated it it's still the same this app is much better than any other apps I'll rate 5 stars when this bug is fixed,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1306,Anshul Solanke,"February 1, 2023",In this update! Why did they decreased the screen ratio...first one was the best....this small screen ratio isn't good for snaps and stories at all ...I didn't like it.....!👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1307,Aditya Upadhye,"February 6, 2023",The reciever is unable to save my snap even though the snap limit is infinity...updated many times but no usefull results Try to resolve the issue faster,0,1,snap_chat
1308,Yashvi Vora,"February 1, 2023",Suddenly the camera size of my snapchat has reduced. I am not able to take full length pictures and bow my snaps comes with the borders. What is the problem with snapchat I do not get it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1309,Fiona Shukait,"February 19, 2023","I love this app!! I think it is a great app to chat with friends/family and even it has like a tiktok thing with it called ""spotlight"" it's awesome I recommend this app!",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1310,Grace Lange,"February 13, 2023","Amazing ive had it since fourth grade, but if you don't update it on time there will be lots of bugs with it.",0,5,snap_chat
1311,divya Baraskar,"February 13, 2023","What is wrong with Snapchat, why is my camera screen is half now, i am facing this problem from new year since 2023 has started. Why you guys updating Snapchat like this , this update is not useful for anyone one ,fix this problem!!....",0,1,snap_chat
1312,Mamoon011,"February 12, 2023","Worst customer support.The two factor authentication not working showing two factor authentication is temporarily disabled and the ""i need help"" not opening showing web page not available i reported it several times but no response from snapchat .",0,1,snap_chat
1313,Payden Scott,"February 14, 2023",It was a 5 star app until they put the dumb stickers on the bottom of the screen when viewing a story. Can't read half the stuff.,0,1,snap_chat
1314,Namira Sida,"February 3, 2023",I like this application very much.I have been using this application for a long time But in my Snapchat account the camera is not full screen please make it full screen what is it ? Please improve quickly.,0,2,snap_chat
1315,BRᎯNDᎾN B-DᎾᎶ,"February 4, 2023",It's good but they have to work on the username change for Snapchat because I've been waiting for a while to change my username and it still says 2022 something and it's not even that date it's 2023 please help snapchat fix this,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1316,Jeevaka Chakma,"February 2, 2023",The camera size has drastically changed into a mini camer and there is no option to change it into full screen mode at all.,0,1,snap_chat
1317,waleed mukhtar,"February 6, 2023",Everything is ok and I love snapchat bit there is problem of full screen. After update full screen of snapchat camera has gone. I do alot of try but all in vain. Plz solve the issue.,0,3,snap_chat
1318,piyush vardhan srivastava,"February 9, 2023",After the update the app closes automatically when it was opened.Please fix the bug as soon as possible because it can not give access to user to open the app and app is always closed when it's opened by the user. The app was always get stuck when it was opened.,4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1319,Eram Ansari,"February 11, 2023",Once I updated the app the game option disappeared that made me very disappointed. It will be really helpful if snapshat team can help me out.,0,2,snap_chat
1320,James,"February 9, 2023","Still having problems sending messages. Yes I've stopped, cleared storage, uninstalled/reinstalled, heck I even got a new phone! SUCKS",0,1,snap_chat
1321,Chrisante Gilead,"February 15, 2023",Snapchat is an amazing app however I do not get to see the people who wants to be my friend so I don't get the add they And also there are a lot of creeps and child predators on these app besides that everything is good,0,4,snap_chat
1322,Alex Boshoff,"January 30, 2023",See the ring thing is that me and my friend have a youtube channel nice to hear right but I can't send her the VIDS so when I say get what's app she says she's not aloud so please change it sending bids to any times thx for that,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1323,Aman Kumar,"February 12, 2023",Why we can't acess my eyes only in case we forgot the pin.....it is very common now a days to forgot the pin....and Snapchat must give us the option to reset the pin without loosing the pin. I request you to kindly fix this issue,0,2,snap_chat
1324,Kevin Lopez,"February 4, 2023",My camera for Samsung is not full screen when I go to take a picture and I am having problems when trying to move around my text box while typing in a snap.,0,1,snap_chat
1325,Sicilliani Mejia,"February 6, 2023",Its fun you can text your friends and send funny photos you can also save a lot of things on there and it helps a lot,0,5,snap_chat
1326,S Levedeva,"February 8, 2023","Remove the black border and make the snaps full screen again, this new update is getting really annoying. Instead of upgrade we get a downgrade.",0,1,snap_chat
1327,Yohan de Corbier,"February 15, 2023","Camera view is broken, we got a big black bar at the bottom, 16:9 aspect ratio when the phone is close to 19:9 ratio.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1328,Piffi 25,"February 4, 2023",when I take a photo and add text it often appears under the filterbar so that I'm not able to move it.,0,1,snap_chat
1329,Amanda Morgan,"February 2, 2023","As a black trans-woman [that lives in Silicon Valley no less 🙄😂] the app is great! It connects you with people all over. However, I think the issue lies within the cisgender heteronormative men that use the app as a dating service. Like Tinder and Bumble, their bumbling a***s don't read profiles, bios or stories and get miffed when their fantasies are blown. Then they report your account to whatever admin is running the app and it's this whole thing. Enough is enough already.",4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1330,Natallia Bradley,"February 2, 2023",I love this app I use it every day to talk to my friends the only thing I don't like about it is sometimes the calls cut out for no reason that does get annoying but the rest i love,16 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1331,spruha,"February 19, 2023","i haven't changed my eyes only password ever in my life, but Snapchat shoes the password is incorrect. please help. this has happened twice with me and i have lost all my snaps the last time, don't wanna face the same situation again. Snapchat please look into this.",0,3,snap_chat
1332,TheEdac,"February 4, 2023",What happened? Randomly one night my camera on snapchat stopped using the whole screen also I can't edit pictures on here now without it being cropped weirdly. What did yall do?,0,1,snap_chat
1333,Tyler Giller,"February 10, 2023","Whoever designed the thick bar on the bottom of every image snap is an idiot needs to lose their job. This made the app objectively worse, as part of the image is just always covered up now.",0,1,snap_chat
1334,Lee Bartlett,"February 5, 2023",For the love of god change the chat bar at the bottom of the screen on a snap back to transparent. Its so annoying as you miss some of the snap you're looking at now because of this,0,2,snap_chat
1335,Marley Nichole,"February 13, 2023",I have a zflip phone and I do not at all like the new update if I don't click on the middle or top of a snap the text box goes away and I can't move it,0,1,snap_chat
1336,Shankar Kumar,"February 19, 2023",This app is good to take photos of any thing we can become anything in this app it is used for funny time at our home it has became user friendly for society and peoples and it can be seen at all homes because it is a user friendly for us in our daily life every body can make varieties photos on this app if we are free so We can take funniest photo from this app this app it is good for every body first of all if you want to share your funniest photo to your relatives you can send your photos,0,3,snap_chat
1337,Caleb Londrow,"February 12, 2023","Why does it vibrate every time someone sends a chat, very annoying when someone makes a gc or you have that one friend that says one thing in 5 texts, turns your phone into a massaging machine sometimes",0,2,snap_chat
1338,Lillian Oakes,"February 1, 2023","This is amazing, although the lag is pretty bad. Mind you, I am using a chromebook. But overall, would recomend!",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1339,Virander Parsad,"February 20, 2023",It's Good app but I faced a problem I can't see my 😩videos on snap it's called something went problem but still not open. please solve this problem.......... thank you🌸,0,3,snap_chat
1340,Oyebajo Olamide,"February 8, 2023",I love using this app and it has also been very useful for me too. I'd only like team Snapchat to make some amends on filters that only work on iOS devices to work on Android too,0,3,snap_chat
1341,Dennis M,"February 3, 2023","Camera quality very booty, better, but still very booty. Can't write anymore as it goes to filters instead of text -.-",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1342,Sean O Connor,"February 8, 2023",It's very good but I have a small issue . There is no dark mode on it . Could u put dark mode on androids please since I have a Samsung phone.,0,5,snap_chat
1343,Nikiari Mizuki,"January 31, 2023","All these updates broke the app more for newer phones, I can't text without my keyboard blocking everything and the camera has ugly black bars now.",4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1344,DIVISHA JAIN,"February 6, 2023",The stories and snaps saved in my memories and my eyes are lost ad cant be found please its a humble request to solve this issue please🙏🏻🙏🏻not expected Overall good experience but please resolve this issue as soon as possible,0,3,snap_chat
1345,tapoti dutta,"February 2, 2023",Like its a nice app but sometimes it creates problem when I switch accounts. So I hope you will look into This problem. Otherwise this app is super good.,0,4,snap_chat
1346,indu sharma,"February 18, 2023",Firstly when I send a snap to any of my friends it's not prossesing send button is not working even if I want to send a story it's not working please fix this bug so I will rate it 5 stars,0,2,snap_chat
1347,Paul,"February 9, 2023",Filter bar completely obscures the text bar! I cannot click on the text bar. EXTREMELY ANNOYING!!!!,0,1,snap_chat
1348,Isabella Rossman,"February 13, 2023","On some days it won't let me send snaps or load anything or even access my calls. I have to then go to Snapchat, uninstall it and reinstall it for anything to work.",0,3,snap_chat
1349,Chris Asher,"February 14, 2023","I like it but sometimes when I get on it, it says welcome when Im not new on there and then I can't do nothing but delete the app then install it again pls fix this it is really fricken annoying ty 😃",0,4,snap_chat
1350,AKANSHA Shrivastav,"February 10, 2023",After i updated it .. Its hanging and not working it says we have privacy policy and then after i tap on continue my snapchat is not working i have to unistall it and again install it please fix this problem but it is a good app,0,3,snap_chat
1351,latika sahu,"February 8, 2023",I don't know but why in Snapchat when I m sending msg it's no sending what is happening please check this and overall app is good😄😁 you can install it and one thing in this app there are so many filter but if we took screenshots it show in chats please see this,0,3,snap_chat
1352,Ahmed,"December 24, 2022","Recently it has become annoying with many ads per minute. In one single minute you would at least see 4 to 5 different ads, Don't waste your time with it.",10 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1353,Tiger Bosii,"December 11, 2022","I love this app! Definitely recommend! But the thing is i forgot the password, And i really wanna change my username on there. So i really hope u could take out the password needs and to change ur user once 2 years! But other then that, definitely recommend!",14 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1354,Tse Precious,"December 12, 2022","Apps needs updating all the time...you guys should atleast try to keep an updated version of the app on PlayStore... secondly, some features stop working immediately the app needs to be updated. I'm not impressed with the app features at all... please you guys should try and work on these issues",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1355,Guru Naik,"January 11, 2023",Over all the app is amazing 😍 That is the good thing that we can take pictures with our phone and with filters There are so many filters But one issue is there when I search for the filter and the app is not updated that time we can't open the filter and we can take pictures with that filter But okay the app is amazing And when the data is not there we can't you known the filters will load So I think that will be not there in the app because this is the photo taking app soo byeee....👋🏻,25 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1356,Eliza Velaj,"February 3, 2023","I can't log or sing in. All passwords and accounts I write, for all only 'incorrect passwords' or 'use a valid account' where all my passwords and accounts are valid. Please fix it. ☹️👎",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1357,Zackery Butterfield,"February 20, 2023",App crashed and was just using the app. Clearly needs update but best communication app I've had other then having to make a new one because of sexual content...and harrasment,0,3,snap_chat
1358,Jack Girl,"September 13, 2022","Bugs!! I couldn't get messages to go away, they wouldn't delete. I closed the app many times still messages where there. I uninstalled the app to clear everything and get latest updates on reinstall. The app will install but will not open, just goes to my home screen. About every 5th or 6th try it pops up a message saying the app has bugs once bugs are fixed download latest version. I have an android galaxy s10+, the app says it is compatible. Could you please fix this issue?",811 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1359,Summer E. Squires,"February 12, 2023","Literally the best platform to chat with friends on!! You can text, call, send videos, and FaceTime! BEST APP EVERRR",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1360,Muhammad Ariful Islam,"February 4, 2023","Verification system is very bad because,Earlier I had ID open but I have sim in other phone and even after that it is not investigating. I can't even get my ID back.",0,2,snap_chat
1361,Gravxhity,"September 8, 2022","Snapchat is on a downward trend and has been for ages. It's now at the point where spotlight will cut videos short only a few seconds into them. Among other issues such as the lack of dark mode that apple has had for years now, and other bugs, this app is almost useless other than to send a message from time to time. The devs do not care whatsoever about android users. Go figure.",936 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1362,Meiliyanti Puspitasari,"January 11, 2023","love that this app makes me feel so exposed many times when I'm having conversations with my friends and i love the notifications don't show the text so people cant leave me on read🤣 BUT the SNAP MAP ONLY SHOWN AND UPDATED IF WE OPEN THE APP, sometimes I want to check where my friend is and how close they're with me but I can't, their bitmojis dont even shown at all, cmon sc you can do better",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1363,Gamer Pk,"December 13, 2022","Snapchat is just getting worst day by day, well the videos I made whenever I click on them they doesn't work! Those are some of my nice vids when u take videos and pics but they don't even work it's just the worst just tell me how to fix them even when I try to click on them and do like ""edit video""or some it still doesn't work I just wanna see my videos but it always says ""Oops something is wrong"" or smt like that please fix that snapchat!",438 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1364,Skinny Buddha,"February 10, 2023","Omg, please get some new ads! I'm so sick of seeing the same FanDuel ad over and over again, every 30 seconds. I had nothing against FanDuel before, but now I hate it so much. Talk about counterproductive marketing.",0,1,snap_chat
1365,David Wimsett,"February 20, 2023",The app has become unusable due to the huge amount of spam accounts that are not being dealt with. No attempt to validate anyone..,0,1,snap_chat
1366,Arpita Narayankar,"February 12, 2023",I like this application less than before because my snapstreak broke and there is no option to get the same snapstreak back. I broke after making 900 snapstreaks and there is no option to get back. So I feel regret and have no interest in this application,0,3,snap_chat
1367,travisknott017,"February 3, 2023",Full screen view not working properly. Please fix. Appears to only be affecting Android users according to Reddit. Galaxy S22 Ultra.,0,1,snap_chat
1368,Máté Vincze,"September 24, 2022","If I open a notification, the current unsent snap is gone. If a text is accidentally moved to the right toolbar or to the bottom filter selector, it is impossible to move it or remove it. The only way is to discard the snap and retake it. There is no dark mode. It is very hard to see who viewed my story if I take e.g. a Spotify link and put it at the bottom. Clicking the ""X views"" button wants to open the link. Videos over 10 seconds cannot be saved.","1,275 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
1369,Donald Highsmith,"December 29, 2022","Some of the pages are broken and freeze my app all the time, like sports center. It's been going on for a long time now and I'm beyond annoyed with it. I thought it would be fixed by now!",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1370,L'homme Bleu,"January 6, 2023","3d profile pics just don't look as good as 2d. also, if you put a text box under the filter selector while making a snap, you have no way of removing or changing the textbox. Otherwise a 4 to 5 star app.",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1371,Shaima Kapadia,"February 12, 2023",It's good for pics and all that but it has too many bugs like if you login and logout out of your account it hangs it hangs a lot and opens up God knows who's account i have already give a complaint but no one is fixing it,0,3,snap_chat
1372,Tim Dunne,"December 16, 2022",Ads (toomany) wayyyy too many ads if your here for videos an what ever else. Literally an ad every 23 to 28 seconds sometimes 15 seconds. Yes I kept track with a watch. Annoying as hell.,10 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1373,Myra Mahendra,"January 9, 2023","Live laugh love it. A little worrying at times due to what others have access to and wish the hairs were different, but overall love the quality and it's really fun and easy to use.",60 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1374,Geethanjali Murthy,"February 5, 2023",I am facing a problem in using snap chat it ask for policy update and it get stuck and I cant use snap again and I have to uninstall and then reinstall it after some days same problem continues i am not able to use the snap now. why so please fix it soon.,0,4,snap_chat
1375,Nilofar Khan,"February 10, 2023",Once I log out to enter my another Id it gets hanged and don't work just like dummy the whole screen stops working then I have to reinstall it This is very irritating 🥴 I will be very glad If my problem gets solved 😊,0,3,snap_chat
1376,Revenant Verse (Kouhei RV),"January 2, 2023","Been working with it again, but unfortunately after the last update it no longer lets me click anything after the app opens. Feels frozen, but can be closed. Tried reinstalling.",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1377,Allison L,"December 16, 2022","I loved the app. I have for years. But they have the absolute worst customer service I have ever seen in my life. I am having trouble accessing my account, and when I reached out, they sent me a copy paste from their FAQs. When I followed up, asking the same question again (since the FAQ did not even come close to answering it), they responded with ""Sorry for the frustration, but there is nothing we can do. We are now closing this conversation. Feel free to make a new account.""",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1378,Rakhi Mendani,"February 11, 2023","Sometimes the snap chat will not work properly even , sometime snap also not send as well as whts the problem behind it i dont know plss recover it fast tooooo.. One main thing this is currently situation which will happen last one week",22 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1379,Ashvith K Shaji,"December 11, 2022","The app is good ! But you are giving features only to IOS not android... Features in the sense like using the ultrawide camera and otger camera, 60fps support, optimization etc . Even features like login to other devices simultaneously.",0,4,snap_chat
1380,m a (Powerful),"December 28, 2022",Worked fine on my note 9 upgraded a month ago to s22 ultra and snapchat app won't work all. I have tried literally about 100 times. As of today been emailing snapchat for advice no support what so ever not 1 response 11/5/2022 still works on my old phone but wont even open on new phone. App is horrible.12/29/2022 Still does not work and developer has not responded once I have emailed 3 times to get help.,5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1381,Shubra Mahajan,"February 7, 2023","After i uninstalled and reinstalled the app my memories of that day is missing and is not even recovering , disappointed my snapchat ,and how can i get it back even it is not showing in my data .not happy with the app service.",0,1,snap_chat
1382,eoghan,"February 6, 2023","The app is fine, but the ammount of bots that have added me in the last week alone. Up to 5 per day. Its disgraceful, and something needs to be done about it.",0,2,snap_chat
1383,Aaron “Bundy”,"February 6, 2023",Its been nothing short of fun and excitement meeting such a diversely complex and unique characters that are down with the program and it's one app I rate as Primo!!,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1384,Cathrine Simon,"February 14, 2023","Hello, it's Snapchat so of course it's going to be a good app though some filters aren't friendly to us darkskin girls esp the cameos. Hope that can be fixed.",20 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1385,Pandy Lynn,"January 18, 2023",Really not happy with the new update. Anytime I try and watch those stories it has that view profile bar and it just stays there and I can't read what ppl put at the bottom anymore. Fix this please.,3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1386,Sampita Laha,"February 2, 2023","Good app, pictures come so amazing and the app is really interesting bcuz we can increase snapscore by sending snaps and play different games with one another, Love it!! 😊💗",17 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1387,Ray P,"December 12, 2022","Make it to where you can delete multiple conversations at once. Also if I go into the clear chat history and I hit x don't ask if I'm sure, obviously I do it went that far... Update let you unfriend multiple people at once",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1388,Carl Liam,"February 7, 2023",Dont kniw what theyve done to the lateat update but its actually horrible. Im now stuck with a horrible dark border around my screen and the text is so off. Deleted until its sorted.,0,1,snap_chat
1389,Bryan Spreitzer,"January 22, 2023","Unfortunately mostly girls, if they actually were, asking for booking fees to meet up. And the best part is they are all close to you as they ask where from immediately. No matter what city I picked for the next 10 or so lived right near me. Beware.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1390,P G,"October 26, 2022","Everything about the app is glitchy with the updates. Stories restart from the beginning, i can't ignore the annoying friend recommendations, and buttons/functions don't always respond. Remove friend suggestions from home screen. I don't care to add them and its incredibly annoying for that to show up underneath my friend's stories. I already turned off notifications for Friend Suggestions in settings, but I havent found any other way to block this. Starting to hate this app.","2,228 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
1391,Utsaa Bhattacharya,"February 5, 2023",Nowadays snap is like working abonormal...i cannot operate the app for more then 2 hours!!!!...i hv to uninstall and then install again several times to fix the problem ....plz fix it please,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1392,Alisa,"February 15, 2023","As of Saturday, February 11th, I couldn't access stories or my messages. I could get on the app, but it wouldn't allow me to swipe off the camera and it wouldn't let me take pictures. I uninstalled the app and then reinstalled it and now it won't let me log in due to ""suspicious activity"". I have tried resetting my password with my phone number and it won't verify my number due to, again, ""suspicious activity"". I have tried making a new account and won't let me. I don't know what to do now.",0,2,snap_chat
1393,Ece,"February 23, 2023",the camera will not take full screen pictures. moves upwards in memories and has a big black bar at the bottom not the top.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1394,Austin Springob,"February 16, 2023",Good until recent update I have a Galaxy fold 4 and ever sense the update I cants put captions on my snaps anymore and the camera only takes up 3/4 of my screen now makes it a lot harder to use this is also strange because when I video call people the camera is fine I tried installing and reinstalling the app and also tried to restart the phone please fix,0,3,snap_chat
1395,Ruchi Sharma,"February 17, 2023",I have been using Snapchat from last more than 3 years. I really loved this app. But the new updates that are coming has many bugs and issues. I don't like it at all. The only version of Snapchat is the best.,0,4,snap_chat
1396,Joseph Jajola III,"February 17, 2023","Recently this week when opening snap, the camera on the screen only show la the image on part of the screen and not the full screen anymore. Please fix as not having a full screen image is useless.",0,2,snap_chat
1397,rAnDoMgIrL,"February 16, 2023","I love snapchat its really fun to use and talk to people, but my bluetooth won't connect to it, I've tried setting and it used to work but I don't know what happened.",0,3,snap_chat
1398,Trayvon Phillips,"February 15, 2023","I got a new phone number and forgot to change it on my account. Now, I can't log into my snap because I don't have access to my previous phone number anymore or didn't create a verification code. I have a email tied to my account I should be able to reset that way but I can't and it's stupid I have many memories on my account but I guess I'll never see it again.",0,1,snap_chat
1399,scervin,"February 15, 2023","Recent update made it so the camera doesn't take up the whole front screen on z fold 4. When typing a message, it will show up at the bottom of the screen where the camera doesn't show.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1400,Zahara Bathool,"February 15, 2023",I have been facing an issue from the beginning of my account created. The snaps which I send in infinity mood are not giving save in chat option for my friends. Pls rectify this problem soon.,0,2,snap_chat
1401,Azim Attar,"February 17, 2023",This app is very nice we can chat we can play we can click photos with amazing filter and we can see the spotlights videos and store photos and this app is very useful to us and very nice for chating and amazing memories and a weekly story plan we can delete chat after 24 hours and delete after seeing if amazing thing so we can give 5 star to snapchat the good choice of filter chatting and seeing reela we must prefer this app and it is very secure and eco friendly app try this app one time sure.,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1402,kswift- maxamillions,"February 17, 2023","I love talking with my friends, but when I send a snap to one of them, it takes about 15 minutes to send. Could u maybe make the sending faster and my internet is fine.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1403,E O'Hara,"February 17, 2023","This app is full of great things. You can chat with friends, play games and watch videos. It's a great place to make groups and hang out over text. Overall this app is great and I would highly recommend it!",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1404,Bri Sedgwick (BriBri_1314),"February 16, 2023",its good and all but its super laggy on chromebooks and laptops in general and when taking a photo it looks fine but then when sending it or saving it then it shows as very stretched,0,4,snap_chat
1405,Deztroyer T,"February 16, 2023","See my previous rating on this app was 5 stars but now I'm rating it 1 because it keep locking me out and saying that I have to wait 24 hours to get back in and when I look into the reason why it might have gotten locked it's none of the reason and it's really ticking me off oh and they added this new flashlight things that makes all my photos blurry, while also letting iPhone users be able to do much more with the app and us other users don't get anything new",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1406,Kyle Woodland,"February 16, 2023",For some reason everytime I try to use a different lens it starts freezing and skipping for example when I use the kid face and lands when I tried to hold it towards my face as soon as it tries to convert to the kid face it starts freezing and really Bad,0,2,snap_chat
1407,S Zerby,"February 16, 2023",There is something wrong with my snapchat. I can no longer send/receive snaps and I can't look at old conversations.,0,3,snap_chat
1408,Anthony Lee,"February 14, 2023","Can't see any friends on the map. For see someone I should write in the chat to friend that I want to see on the map. And by the way, when I add a new friend, he don't appear on the map too.",0,1,snap_chat
1409,Mohamed Mish'aal,"February 15, 2023","I can't update my damn phone number, nor can I update my username, I had to attempt multiple times to even update my damn password. What the hell snapchat? Seriously, you need to Adress these issues to make your app more user friendly.",0,1,snap_chat
1410,Roger Nanney,"February 16, 2023","Dark mode would be nice, instead of the ui getting updated add a dark mode. All around I use this app a lot and use it for main source of communication.",0,3,snap_chat
1411,Jacob Lowry,"February 17, 2023",There is absolutely no reason why they should have this black bar on the screen. And it sometimes pulls my message off of the picture.,0,1,snap_chat
1412,No Thank you,"February 17, 2023",Years behind with no competition to help it grow. The fact that android to this day does not have dark mode is an absolute failure on snapchats part. Among everything else,0,1,snap_chat
1413,Rain Brings peace,"February 16, 2023",New update made me not be in control of the buttons at all like if my account wont load in and im stuck on the camera all the buttons dont work even i restard my phone or close the app it wont let me do anything.,0,1,snap_chat
1414,Popcorn Man,"February 16, 2023","the camera suddenly just got way smaller, there's two black bars at the top and bottom of the screen and it's frustrating",0,1,snap_chat
1415,Abby French,"February 17, 2023","With the new update, its not a huge deal, but i do miss sharing my memories and having it say however many years ago or that it was shared from memories. Now it says nothing",0,3,snap_chat
1416,Sharizma C. Negron,"February 16, 2023",For the past few weeks I've had to uninstaller and reinstall throughout the day. Keeps opening but will not let you go past the camera.,0,1,snap_chat
1417,Om Gupte,"February 16, 2023","Snapchat camera aspect ratio has changed out of no where , there is no option to revert back they don't even ask if we want to change it, useless app with tons of useless features",0,1,snap_chat
1418,KJ Thomas,"January 1, 2023","I use to be addicted to the app until I ran into one problem. This app won't let me create any accounts without it saying I am disabled or something like that. Please fix this immediately. Untill y'all fix it, imma leave it at a 2. Thank you!",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1419,Ashley Voges,"February 6, 2023",I wanted to sign into my account and it won't take the new email I've created on my account or my new password. And then there is no number to contact so that you can assist me with login into my account.,0,1,snap_chat
1420,Jammy_ Moons,"February 1, 2023",I used to be able to use it before the update now I can't even see my chats or take a photo bc it's frozen. I absolutely hate this.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1421,Logan Adams,"January 19, 2023","DELETING BECAUSE I CAN'T TURN OFF DISCOVER. It ruined the only good thing snapchat had going for it: Athenticity. Find another way to shove ads in my face please. It's all click bait. Also, it's almost impossible to move your memories to another location without doing it one by one, which would take hours. Just another way for sc to milk the system and keep kids from deleting the app. Force feeding them addicting dopamine filled ads. Be better snapchat. People are noticing.",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1422,Tanishka Anvi Sharma,"February 13, 2023",This app makes a major 👌 part of my life.As I take pictures 📸 📷 🖼 🤳 with so many filters emojis etc.And we can send snaps to our friends and also add story and call 📞 also.It is very much better than whatsaap.And we also play games 🎮 😀 add avatar and many more.I like this app very much.,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1423,Meghan A,"January 26, 2023",Most recent update downgraded all pictures significantly and doesn't allow you to change the position of word bands and location filters because the filters overlap where they get put automatically 🤦🏼‍♀️,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1424,Sam Doty,"December 8, 2022","This app deserves 0 stars. Customer support sucks. I called to figure out how to unlock my account - has been ""temporarily"" locked for 2 months now. Unlocking it via the web has not worked. I got no warning or notification that I was temporarily banned, or why. Utterly ridiculously.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1425,Y2k,"February 16, 2023","My friends can't save my snap even if the time limit is infinite , I've already reported but still no response, fix that bug !",0,3,snap_chat
1426,Ruby Carson,"September 30, 2022","it's a great app in general but I've been having this massive glitch recently. it won't let me send photos or memories or anything to my friends, which is super annoying because that is the whole point of this app. a lot of my friends are having bug glitched too. Some have the same problem as me and are freaking out because they are gonna loose high streaks. some people can't even take photos, and when some view other friendship profiles it changed to light mode instead of dark mode.","1,539 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1427,Kobe,"January 27, 2023",Samsung s21 FE - New update has caused a black bar to appear at the bottom of the screen when using the camera meaning that the actual camera view is pushed up above the top of my screen. This means I can't see the top of any picture or video I take. Please fix this asap,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1428,Generic Dude,"November 1, 2022","This is one of the more popular messenging apps and has great features but it isn't a secure platform, nor does it pretend to be that. In the day and age, where crime is at a all time high, it's simply smart to use a system that secures your communication and not be simply stolen by someone usingva laptop or PC with a piece of equipment that cost about $100. The requirement and continual camera usage, as well as lack of encryption...not secure.","1,718 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1429,eleni Kifle,"February 17, 2023",It became the most annoying app it doesn't allow to download photos and the filter are not good at before it become good to worst,0,1,snap_chat
1430,Chris Olson,"October 3, 2022","This app has become super unstable since the Android 13 update. The app constantly freezes leaving me with no choice but to force close it. Occasionally it will lock up my phone entirely so I have to lock/unlock the screen for touch to be responsive again. This isn't just a random occurrence either, a freeze happens more than half the time I open the app - regardless if I open the app from the home screen or from a notification","1,386 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
1431,Akpemie,"January 11, 2023","Ok u guys have improved d app a bit. but it could still be better, there should be a wider variety of music available for use in adding audio to snaps.",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1432,JUSTIN GAY,"February 15, 2023",Weird bug where massive black borders appeared that take up a lot of the screen and compress photos for no apparent reason,0,1,snap_chat
1433,Samina Shabbir,"February 17, 2023",I can't login after getting community guidelines my acc was locked and when it gets unlocked I logged in again yesterday but now I can't login it's showing due to repeated failed attempts or unusual activity it can't log in,0,3,snap_chat
1434,Lauralynn Ford,"February 20, 2023",It's great I like playing with all the different kinds of filters on it and snapping pictures.,3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1435,Sayinthaviy Sathees,"September 25, 2022","It keeps on lagging and glitching me out. I checked multiple times if it needs an update but it's still lagging and, I have updated my phone. Tried to restart, reset... nothing works. Not only that but games have so many glitches, calling on snap is trouble even for just audio call. The comments that are left to fix bug problems are never properly addressed. Something needs to be d9ne about the app kicking the user out back to the home screen.","1,154 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1436,Claudia Carvalho,"February 18, 2023",i am on a laptop and i log in it takes agess to laod and then the app stops working it keeps happening on and on! but overall the app is amazing,0,4,snap_chat
1437,ariiana ml,"January 1, 2023","I've been trying to install this app for an hour. First, it looks like it's downloading but when it reaches 56%, it just stops downloading. I've restarted my phone 3 times now, but it still isn't downloading.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1438,Kaitlyn Stepp,"February 19, 2023",It was all working fine but then it not let me use filters and turn the camera around so I made a new account and it has let me use filters but not let me tutn the camera around so I have to take selfies 😥,0,3,snap_chat
1439,Shraddha Pisal,"February 11, 2023",Many at time it doesnt send msgs it just goes on sending send although for send msgs I have have to restart the mobile this thing has been happen with many of my friends also so do fix this bug,0,5,snap_chat
1440,Dizzy Ternus,"December 21, 2022","Can't find a ""rewind>>>"" snap filter anywhere, I use Snapchat alot. Reading everybody else's reviews it looks like Snapchat is not worried about what the users have to say with no responses back and the same problems even though in Play store it says bug fixes for the most recent update😒.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1441,Annie Bankz,"December 17, 2022","Anytime I open an account Snapchat will lock the account permanently before I even get the chance to use the app. And now, my msgs are taking much time to get updated. The way this app is functioning and handling newly created accounts is really bad. I'll have to give it a 1 star rating!!!",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1442,Mikayla,"January 28, 2023","I can't move the text when I take a snap and the text sits at the very bottom, the camera isn't full screen and there's a border around it which is annoying me.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1443,Flora McChesney,"January 15, 2023","love this app, but i recently got a new phone, and have not been able to install on my new phone, it asked me to look at how to fix the issue, and thwn nothing was shown. Pleaze fix this, as i have photos on there that are very important to me",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1444,Satish kumar,"December 21, 2022","My snapchat app is not opening, and can't work properly while using it. I uninstalled it but the bug is stopping app again and again. I don't know what to do how can I stop the bug.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1445,Kush K Jain,"January 1, 2023","Please optimise camera usage in Mi 10 5g, because even when i am scrolling through the chat menu, it shows that Snapchat is still running my camera, which affects my battery life, and if possible add songs from Spotify or partner up with them, u guys don't have much options for songs too....",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1446,Petrified Angel,"February 12, 2023",Being back the games! Thats what made it so enjoyable is playing these things with my friends on a drive or subway or even just at lunch/ in class!,0,3,snap_chat
1447,nikisha vaja,"October 14, 2022","Glitch glitch glitch!!!!! All this app does is glitch. I don't know if its the new update or what, but reading the articles is the worst at the moment. Not only do you have to deal with the ads they put in between the articles, as soon as the ad is over it takes you right back to the beginning of the article and you have to skip your way through. I can't be the only one who just gave up reading the article and closed the app down completely.",413 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1448,Lexy Leroy,"January 28, 2023",Since this last update I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app 3 times including restarting my phone and all. The app opens but you can't swipe or anything. So I no longer can use it.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1449,M0osh_r0om,"January 22, 2023","#1 I use for social media. Just whenever i log into my account from another device and then try to log in on my main device, it totally freezes up and i have to uninstall the app and then have to put all my accounts back on it. It gets quite ridiculous",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1450,Malik Waseem,"February 18, 2023",This app is making me furious these days Because it automatically remove people from my friend list and I'm not able to snap or chat with them Please slove this issue on the other hand other functions of the app working properly,0,3,snap_chat
1451,Rosé cabbagemachine,"December 10, 2022","hello snapchat, i really loved snapchat when the profile pictures weren't like realistic or 3D ( i dont know what it's called ) or the poses but i liked that i think you made the update that now we can change our usernames. I really hope you change the update as i feel alot more uglier on snap but before, i felt like an angel and also i loved the new outfits we can change into. Thank you for the experience 💞",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1452,Bill Coats,"December 11, 2022","Random people keep adding me. I get a notification that some bot has added me all the time. This is almost a daily thing. And the app won't let me turn off ""show me in quick add""",0,4,snap_chat
1453,Kaarthikeya Hannuma,"December 17, 2022","Since the past 2 days, if i log into my account on more than one device, its automatically logging off on the other device which im not using and vice versa. Like literally every single time. Please fix this issue asap snapchat. Such a disappointment.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1454,StarCAOR,"January 11, 2023","The app is ok, ig, but now I have been having problems, like in chat, I cants see anything, it has happened many times, and I have to delete Snapchat and download it again. Is only me (?) Or everyone has this problem. Thank you",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1455,Richard Murdock,"September 18, 2022","Let me choose what tabs I can see. I don't care about the map or random people's stories and it's just frustrating to accidently tap on them. Latest update makes this close to unusable. Lags, doesn't update, freezes, crashes. This desperately needs to be fixed. Also, let me hide the stupid bitmoji garbage that takes up a tenth of the screen.",216 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1456,Michelle Fernandes,"February 2, 2023",Its a good app there should be some achievement award after every streak completed. Edit: app has been hanging had to uninstall and install twice pls fix it my review is just gonna keep getting worse...,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1457,Hitesh Bhandari,"February 13, 2023",I liked this app but there is one problem that this app is not doing backup of my memories and if i want to save something from chat to camera roll it is showing this is not yet backuped This irritates alot Other all facilities are good 👍 n I liked this app,0,4,snap_chat
1458,Karan More,"January 5, 2023",I am rating 4star because of when I try to create a story that time which songs I searched that I cant able to get as like instagram so fix thix and one more thing is that there should be pause button at the time of shooting when I shoot the video there I am not able to pause video and when I try to pause it video is finished and new video is started so fix this and all other features are the best 👍🏻,3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1459,Mirmohammed Asadali,"December 11, 2022","It's a very good app, But we want the single click clear all conversations. Because, it's taking a lot of time to clear all the conversation.",0,4,snap_chat
1460,priyanshu mann,"December 27, 2022",This app works good but from some days when I open this app this show one page that is of something about their private policy and with only a option continue only when I press continue this app Stop 🛑 working and after this I uninstalled it and re download it' . I do this many time in 2 or 3 days.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1461,Noah Gay,"February 1, 2023",I love this app but with the new update they took away the game function. I loved playing games with my friends and now I can't. Please add it back I miss it,0,3,snap_chat
1462,Isaac Delamater,"February 9, 2023","Create a way to remove the discover page. I just want classic Snapchat, no ads, no discover page with inappropriate content updated daily.",0,1,snap_chat
1463,Seba Anabtawi,"December 30, 2022","Honestly, i think they should make more changes since it kind of lags sometimes and nothing is wrong with the wifi.... One more thing you guys should really work on the app appearance for Android some ppl need dark mode since it hurts the eyes... Really looking forward to see changes... Ty",0,1,snap_chat
1464,Iman Arshad,"February 2, 2023",My camera screen is not in full size...there is black bar at the bottom of the screen...I think it might be a bug plz fix this problem as soon as possible,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1465,Dove Karen,"January 30, 2023","Snapchat is a great app, but I got permanently locked out of my account with no way of getting it back and I can't make a new account or log into another account on this device, I have other devices but my tablet is way to slow and I can't open snaps or see people's stories on my laptop.",0,3,snap_chat
1466,Abby Wetzel,"October 12, 2022","At this moment, I am getting ready to delete this app. During the newest update, I am now receiving notifications about stories being posted by my friends. If I dismiss the notification, I will receive it 2-3 more times within the same day. I had to turn off my notifications for the app due to this issue. It is a very annoying feature and I have spoken with others who feel the same way.",912 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1467,Dhirunabh Swargiary,"February 3, 2023",Why is there no dark mode for Android users yet? It was there before......it becomes so much convenient to use it in dark mode.... There is a limit of discrimination against Android users. It's disgusting. Bring it back.,0,1,snap_chat
1468,Charley Cullum,"February 19, 2023",The app is really good helps with getting in touch with friends fast. My only problem is there isnt a dark mode. ADD A DARK MODE!,0,3,snap_chat
1469,destiny geisman,"January 17, 2023","it won't work anymore, it is a great as po but when they say they "" updated it "" and there's still bugs, that pisses me off so much. like seriously, if you're gonna say that you guys updated the app, then make it to where it actually works properly ☺️",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1470,William Profitt,"December 31, 2022","I can send snaps, but I haven't been able to use the chat feature in over a month. Messages that I type don't send. They don't even appear. App needs to be fixed.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1471,Marcus Persson,"December 7, 2022","Keeps spamming me with notifications to add strangers close to me and other similar useless notifications. For some reason, the only way to disable this is to disable ALL notifications, causing you to miss out when your actual friends snap you.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1472,Vanna G,"November 3, 2022","Not all of this app is bad. Filters are good if you can get them to work. You might have to click the same thing multiple times to get it to work. Also, I might have to add that recently, I have discovered that I can no longer add anyone. Nore can I accept friends request. But hey, the stories or ok. (Just if you don't mind adds every 5 secinds) Engoy the app!","2,986 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
1473,chelsi Ripley,"February 3, 2023",Cut my camera in half now there is a black bar on the top and bottom I hate it my camera also lags and glitches all the time and I know my phone is not the problem because it's new,5 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1474,Collin Woods,"February 6, 2023",Okay so it is a fun app great filters but I'm experiencing something I don't like I will try to take a video and it ends up being a photo and it is really annoying me,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1475,bailey dixon,"December 10, 2022",Too many notifications that have absolutely nothing to do with messages and no way to turn those notifications off without also turning off notifications for messages.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1476,Trey Ziessler,"January 27, 2023","Snapchat Please Change the Avatars back to normal. It just looks awful and I know Im not the only one that thinks so. It was so good the way it was, and it also makes no sense to have it the way it is now. You go in to change your Bitmoji look and it comes out completely different. Please change this.",771 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1477,Kiptin Henry,"January 6, 2023",It is a really great app to use and to talk to your friends on. It is really cool that they have filters to put on your face overall 10/10:),63 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1478,Habib Raza,"September 27, 2022",Used to be a great app but now it keeps logging me out and when I log back in it doesn't load any of the chats or friends. I have to keep deleting and re downloading. 2. I changed phones so I wanted there to be a way to select all snaps from memories and my eyes only and save them to camera roll instead of individually pressing but there's no way to do that. If it was added that would be a great thing.,"1,807 people found this review helpful",2,snap_chat
1479,Princess Hajer,"January 19, 2023",I just don't understand why y'all don't give a damn about androids?? I believe its not just making ME mad but everyone with android. No dark mode for us and it's a pain! all my apps are on dark mode except for this one. Please add it on android and stop supporting iOS more than us. That's besides all the other problems i have with it on my phone.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1480,Alucard,"December 28, 2022",Your app is more bugged then ever. Constantly says I have over 99+ friend requests on quick add when I don't. Not to mention how easy it is for bots to make accounts and spam websites. This app is garbage unless you have 0 friends.,8 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1481,Kshitij Singh,"December 7, 2022",Everything is good with this app but just one thing which is missing in this was Dark Mode please add dark mode with the dark mode it was soo easy to use in night time but now it irritates the eyes while using in night time. So please add dark mode.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1482,Shreya Arora,"February 4, 2023",In this app anyone can see our story who follow us!!! Why??? Than what is the sense of Private Account!?!? And we don't even get to know how many friends we have in this!! Also for the streaks for search it is showing and not in page.!?!?Need a solution for these!!!!!,0,1,snap_chat
1483,Veer Pandit_Prayagwasi,"February 9, 2023","It's very fabulous app. but some problem. as a sending msg ,automatically 24 hours deleted but it is very good app i like it'",0,5,snap_chat
1484,Laura Starr,"January 27, 2023",I have had Snapchat since 2014. And the last past week I have had to delete and reinstall this app everyday because I can't get messages from friends and family. It is always blank. What is going on. Please help!!,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1485,EdWen “Eddie” SAlfaro,"September 17, 2022","I just Uninstall the app a couple of days ago this month September and install it again. I looked at my memories and every single pictures and videos between the month of May and today... it's gone!!!!! I always back up my memories of every day to snapchat. Usually it backs up and saves every picture n videos but it seems it really doesn't save them at all!! If it would save them, all my pictures from this past months wouldn't be erased or gone. I don't recommend this app to Noone.",399 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1486,Nidhi Dhimmar,"February 17, 2023",I am so lucky to have this app because it gives me some more nd more special filters and 2nd thing my frnds are using this app and me also i give 4 stars only becoz in this app chats are deleted after 24 hrs viewing . But thanks a lot for this app❤❤❤,8 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1487,itz kiera,"December 9, 2022",I'm having trouble staying on calls. It disconnected me even when my WiFi is perfectly fine. I can't stay on group calls because it glitches out. Its been going on for a month. Please fix it,3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1488,Connor Johnston,"October 9, 2022",The amount of notifications is getting ridiculous. Even clearing notifications that have been sitting a while causes a new notification to be sent within 2 minutes. It's some kind of sick joke. There's 4 to 5 different notifications for people's story that I don't care to see. Multiple notifications within the same hour. All the more reason to abandon this app.,"1,016 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1489,Tracey Johnson,"January 26, 2023",I can't rate this above 2 stars until dark mode is available for Android. The gray bar at the bottom of the snaps cost you a star. Who thought it was a good idea to cover part of a picture on an app that is just pictures?,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1490,Fabulous Magical Potato,"January 8, 2023",It would be rated higher if there was a dark mode. The light is way too bright it makes me barely want to get on even my brightness is all the way down and it hurts my eyes to use Snapchat why is snap the only one without a dark mode for Android? I'm getting really tired of it. 😭😤,3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1491,Janita Newswanger,"October 23, 2022","Overall It's a great app, haven't had any major issues, one thing is that the map doesn't always have very accurate locations, but not that big of a problem. Spotlight is a really cool feature too. Filters are good, and there is often new things being added in the bitmoji wardrobe.","3,419 people found this review helpful",5,snap_chat
1492,D Mead,"December 29, 2022",You don't decide if I get notifications or not. I decide that. And if you think your going to block me out of your app since I don't want notifications you can get stuffed. Who gives you the right to force notifications. 1 star as there's no less No way to post pics or it'd be there.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1493,Caitlyn Lontoc,"October 19, 2022","The last week I have not been able to use the app. Everytime I open it my camera is flickering with a black screen and won't allow me to take any photos or video. Opening snaps and navigating through the app has the same issue and it is lagging and glitching. I have tried everything to get it to work and even sent about 3 emails and 2 bug inquiries through the app. Edit: after 1 week of sending emails, my Snapchat is miraculously back to normal. Still never got a response from support though.","2,154 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1494,31 Prisha Agarwal,"January 2, 2023",This app was my favorite till now...but today it did something which really hurted me.......i saved one photo and i moved it to my eyes only and i deleted it from original snaps..but when i saw in my eyes only...the photo was not there....disappointed!! I request you to please cooperate on this!!,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1495,Hamza Khan,"January 25, 2023",After updating the application this application is not working properly. I can't see my chats and profile is also not opening. And I am trying to delete snap that too is not deleting.,0,1,snap_chat
1496,Joshua Goldsworthy,"January 15, 2023",It generally works well. Just a few glitchty errors since the update. Things just get in your way and get annoying. I also don't understand why I need to tell Snapchat why I want remove a friend suggestion? Why can't I just remove it and be done?,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1497,Johnathan Van Why,"January 5, 2023","Snapchat allows anyone to spam you with a friend request notification at any time, and you cannot disable these notifications/spam. The only way to disable then is via Android's settings, which also blocks normal message notifications, which is unreasonable in a chat app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1498,darcy armstrong,"January 24, 2023","Stop putting out updates, about 5 updates ago the app was ten times better, less adds, select all wouldn't send snaps to groups and wouldn't snap people who you already snapped, didn't adjust the picture to 16:9 format, the thing at the bottom was smaller. And what did we gain? Nothing but a worse app",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1499,Joseph Tuscher,"December 16, 2022","Full of CLICKBAIT tabloid garbage, spam, and visually unappealing images. When I try to take these tiles off my screen, they never disappear, or they disappear then they come back later.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1500,eli henry,"December 28, 2022","a lot of the time the app works, but every now and then there will end up being some sort of glitch with the camera and sometimes Snapchat with freeze and log me out of my account. in all it seems to work fine.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1501,syed akbar,"February 19, 2023",Video is not able to take it stucking filters are also not coming gud i want that it should be changed i can't able to take videos if I once use black filter that all tym the black filter only coming and it is too stucking,0,1,snap_chat
1502,Ignitian S,"February 10, 2023","Not showing my saved memories. All my important memories have been lost by this app. Really, surprising...wasted a lot of my time.",0,2,snap_chat
1503,Sajani Indika,"January 20, 2023","Recently, snapchat is being awkward. I have to uninstall and download the app multiple times in order to use it. Today it didn't work and i am already fed up installing and uninstalling. Please fix the problem as soon as possible!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1504,Lana,"February 10, 2023",I love the application but there is a problem with public stories like those published by celebrities it opens but if you go back to the one before it repeats it from the beginning,0,3,snap_chat
1505,urmit antil,"February 16, 2023",i have Android software 11 . even though i have dark mode on my phn but still can't get dark mode on my Snapchat 🥲. can you fix this problem please. i have tried everything but still can't get dark mode,0,3,snap_chat
1506,Drake Kearney,"January 28, 2023",1/3 of my screen is black. i had no issues with camera use and quality. Tell the last update now it's all fuzzy/blurry and has a black box making the pictures smaller,0,1,snap_chat
1507,Emillie Leighton Hannon,"February 14, 2023",It is good but terrible because I have a friend which Snapchat said we were not friends and it says cannot find username when it's clearly there!!!!,0,1,snap_chat
1508,A SERIES,"January 8, 2023",I really like this app. I've been using this for 3 years on my Android phone. I had no issues but there is problem. I can't enable dark mode for this app. Please fix this issue so I can enable dark mode on this android phone,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1509,Isaiah Doyle,"February 14, 2023",Fix the camera page there's no need for so much extra space at the bottom and the picture quality it horrible now.,0,1,snap_chat
1510,Ashley Mottram,"September 14, 2022","Lately snapchat has been a real pain. Notifications come through saying I have a snap from a friend, then on their end and mine it takes forever to load.. this is when sending videos. Some will load and random videos won't so everything comes all jumbled up!!! It is extremely frustrating and appears to be getting worse. Happens with everyone, not just the one friend.","1,045 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1511,C Alvz,"February 4, 2023","Snapchat hates Android! No dark mode after iOS got it years ago and even Snapchat Web which is relatively new also got dark mode, then they decide to change the aspect ratio to where you will now get black bars and they removed Snap Games!",0,1,snap_chat
1512,McGee Alexander,"December 11, 2022",No darkmode I honestly can't believe this app STILL has no dark mode for android. It would be a lot more Likable if we could finally have dark mode instead of being blinded at night or in a dim room. You're Falling behind Snapchat every other social site has dark mode on every OS. I just don't understand how black-and-white is so dang complicated figure out. it's pathetic. Thinking about uninstalling because of this.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1513,Briana Nicholson,"December 22, 2022",Great for talking with friends and the character customization used to be great but now things have gone down hill my snap map has my Bitmoji going anywhere in the world and it's really odd plus the new 3D models inside the wardrobe is HIDEOUS and the TikTok knockoff is just laughable this app used to be really good and fun but now recently I find my self using Metas Messager because what's the point of this app anymore when every social media has a private message system,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1514,Artiful,"September 29, 2022","Snalchat has become nearly unusable for me. It randomly glitches and won't load new snaps, won't show texts with a person or their bitmoji, won't show stories in the stories page, won't let you view stories, etc etc. The only way to solve this problem is by restarting you ENTIRE phone each and every time this happens, and with the frequency restarting my device several times a day is simply not practical.",454 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1515,Michael Andrew,"December 10, 2022",Works as intended between two users but the amount of ads for stories is ridiculous. A 10s ad for a 5s section of a story that's not skip able just to get another ad makes watching them tedious.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1516,GreenDiablo,"January 17, 2023","The app keeps hitting me with these annoying notifications of ""this person is on snapchat!"" ""That person is on snapchat!"" ""New to you: check out this random junk!"" Does anyone know how to turn this off? I already went to notification categories and turned all general notifications off and they keep coming in",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1517,UMAR AHAD,"February 3, 2023",This app didn't work properly only bugs please fix it's bugs like when we go into someone's profile to watch their spotlights they didn't even open......,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1518,Mubashir inam,"February 23, 2023",Anyone having issue with the black bar on their screen. I got you here. Just uninstall the current version of the app and install an older version from chrome by using any apk file. It'll do the job for you.,0,5,snap_chat
1519,Alison Gaming,"February 20, 2023",Snapchat deleted the games!! They were so fun to play in group chats and to play when you've had enough fun playing with filters. We need the games back!!,0,3,snap_chat
1520,Lazare (CarnotTierX),"December 26, 2022","This app is awfully overwhelming due to the ""Discover"" section. I would love an option allowing us to disable strangers' content because it is deeply annoying. I didn't install Snapchat to watch idiots doing dumb things. I only signed up for friends.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1521,Alishba Shahid,"February 8, 2023","This app is good , but I want to make a request to make a theme option for the next update , we can't stare at the screen fully white at night so kindly update light and dark theme option thank you",0,3,snap_chat
1522,Vedant Mish,"January 1, 2023","This very very helpful for everyone Because in which many features updated like that avtar and be other and also in which available to call the person, video call like whtsapp ☺ and u also search that person which is you want to see that where is that person... Etc So this is very very nice app you can try it.. 👍😊",90 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1523,̇,"January 10, 2023","i use snap on multiple items but only problem is chromebook probs-any iphone vid or img either doesnt play or open and when it does play your stuck in loading for 2 miliseconds and it swipes as if we closed it, posting is whonky trying to post and add captions or stickers dont even allign correctly, still no dark mode, audio calls either slow pick up or laggy in my opinion stop doin updates for the iphone so much and focus on the other devices snap can be so much better",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1524,Samir Shaikh,"January 14, 2023","I'm use snapchat long time. And snapchat is good application I really like this but last 15-20 days my quick add freinds option not working it says something went wrong, I'm already give my feedback on this application but snapchat team not solve this problem. I'm fetching lot of problems because of this bug. So snapchat team solve my problem or fix this bug as early as possible. My snapchat I'd is samirshaikh-01 .Please fix this bug as early as possible.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1525,Diana,"October 18, 2022","This is my third time using Snapchat and I don't seem to find it to be very user friendly, as when trying to add someone (my grandchildren ) for instance. I am just not a fan of how it works it needs to be safer and more child friendly. I love the filters and graphics on this that is great fix the rest and I will give a five star!",980 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1526,anjali thakur,"December 10, 2022","I don't know whats wrong with it , this app was not working at all so i deleted and again reinstalled but now i am unable to log in since i am trying from last 3 days and now same thing is happening with my friend too . And this thing is happening with second time. So I request snapchat to solve this problem soon.",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1527,Jp. l0c0b,"October 4, 2022","Having issues with widget interaction, the memories than when accessing w/ editing, text styles have to be the same when setting duration w/ multiple captions, texts overlap "" Gif "" things. Even when ( ""gif"" ) selected second... some split snap & graphic placement inconveniences.. Love using the app tho. Just a few examples of what I've noticed w/ it.",398 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1528,Manasa Paul,"January 2, 2023",Streaks okay but this app will hang every day I can't event see the message or call option then I need to uninstall the app and install again .... And it won't give latest version updation . To update the app It automatically come out while texting to some one . 😡😡😡😡,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1529,Cody Johnson,"January 29, 2023","I use this all the time to talk to my friends. Just block team snapchat, change notification settings, and you'll be golden. I use snapchat so much that I bought snapchat premium and I honestly believe it's worth it for all the perks that you are granted!",12 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1530,Leen B.,"January 30, 2023","The camera quality has been appalling as of late, truly a shame because snapchat memories is a gem, but seeing my pictures' quality being worse than those of 3 years ago is not a good look 🤚🏽",0,1,snap_chat
1531,Dan c,"December 21, 2022",App keeps crashing when I open it keeps displaying Snapchat has stopped have tried everything. I cleared the cache I deleted and reinstalled the app and force stopped the app in the settings and nothing worked.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1532,Lee _,"December 8, 2022","I just wish there was dark mode. I'm tired of being blinded everytime I open this app to text someone. PLEASE ADD DARK MODE TO ANDROID, ITS NOT THAT HARD. Edit: Each week, I put in feedback report about adding dark mode. There have been atleast 6 50-60mb updates, which have not added a dark mode. Moving it to a 1 star due to this.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1533,Rita Anand,"December 26, 2022",This app is mind blowing but there is a issue....you can't choose or add songs of your own choice and there are very less Bollywood songs....I hope this this problem will be fixed soon,0,4,snap_chat
1534,Daisy,"December 25, 2022","This app is personally my fav for taken photos and stuff and I would of defenately give it a five star but, the reason I'm not is because simce I've download back Snapchat everytime I am trying to take a picture it keeps saying ""Scanning..."" everytime. Seriously its geeting a bit annoying and I advise you to tell me if I'm doing something wrong or it's the app cause I just got this Samsung Galaxy so it can't be the phone",0,2,snap_chat
1535,Jaden Thomas,"February 9, 2023",The app is pretty good but the formatting is all screwed up on my galaxy Z fold 3. Ordinarily when it does work it's a great app.,0,3,snap_chat
1536,Nola Sagstuen,"February 3, 2023","I love this app, but my camera looks really weird like I used to see the bottom with my camera faceing me and it doesn't look good at all, my mom has this and her camera looks the same and nine looks different right now I don't know what happened can you please fix it.",75 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1537,Jason Votaw,"February 18, 2023",Last update is trash! Camera is messed up and won't go to full screen when taking a pic or video. Update and fix plz,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1538,ONEONLY LITTLEJ,"October 3, 2022","Not bad but for some reason it keeps getting worse, with ads that make you rewatch stories entirely or don't let you backtrack, not getting notifications for messages but getting notifications for stories you never subscribed to, and not opening the camera when you open it from a chat, it could do with a lot of fixes but still a pretty decent app for talking with friends.",409 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1539,Daniel Esther,"February 12, 2023","Omorr i no know wetin to take rate una. Cos recently, if person just do video finish, less than 5minutes wen u go wan go play the video again, una go talk say error occured video cant play. Naso new smap wen u do just now just now go loss",0,3,snap_chat
1540,Vivek Pal,"February 9, 2023",It is the worst app now with lot of glitch 🤧 I deleted it nd installed it again but the same thing is happening again and again and I am unable to use it.😑💀,0,1,snap_chat
1541,Angel Mirlas,"January 3, 2023",When I'm trying to see my subscriptions or any thing else I'm only able to watch about 10 seconds to 15 seconds a clip before I get a ad too many ads I understand Snapchat trying to pay bills. Please cut down on ads make it every to clips thanks,8 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1542,MD Aman Khan,"January 29, 2023",App is extremely excellent 👍👍👌👌 But one problem is in this app we can change username at once in a year. Try to change this setting And can change notification tone . Please add this setting also 'we can see viewed spotlight. Please 🙏🙏,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1543,Hen Dwinant,"February 14, 2023","I am a zenly user who is directed to use snapchat/map, but snapmap is still not as good as zenly to see friends' positions all the time in real time...",0,3,snap_chat
1544,Pan Cake,"February 13, 2023",The last update is horrible the app keeps crashing and stopping even though i try to clear cache it's still crashed please fix this asap,0,1,snap_chat
1545,Adebayo Marzouq,"February 4, 2023","The experience on ios is way better than that on android, we get way less features compared to ios users. Please work on the dark mode feature. Almost every other app has a dark mode already",0,2,snap_chat
1546,ethan adams,"December 31, 2022","""Fixes bug issue"" the latest update made the app super buggy. It freezes and half the time I can't look at the pictures or videos I am sent.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1547,that doge lady,"January 15, 2023","it's good, I just have 3 problems: 1. you can't see what the person sent you when you get a notification, instead you just see ""____ Sent a chat"" It gets really annoying because you have to leave whatever app you're doing and go into snapchat to see what they said and reply. 2. there should be an option to be asked permission to be added into a group chat 3. DARK MODE FOR ANROID PLEASE 🙏",9 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1548,Michael Peña,"February 1, 2023",To many ads. When your getting into the videos it's an ad. Also ads every 2 videos. Is way to many. This is why I dont like snapchat anymore.,6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1549,ITS AMAN,"February 17, 2023",Now its having so much..problem in save in chat option...my snap are set to no limit... Then also no body can save the snap in chat.... please help me out..fix this bug,0,1,snap_chat
1550,Taimoor Ahmed,"January 31, 2023",This application is the very amazing for pictures in diffrent filters and beauticians but a small badly effect is the picture is pixalate this is the reason to our picture is not very attractive for the peoples at the end this application is very nice for andriod users,0,3,snap_chat
1551,Rajesh Pathak,"February 4, 2023","How could I say . It's amazing man. I like it too much . It is good for taking photos and photo shooting . Install it you all. Have million ,billons.of family",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1552,Shreya Diwan,"December 30, 2022","It was a very good app.I am using it from many months but I don't know suddenly It was not working on mobile data so I used wifi . But today I deleted it and then I was trying to log in but it is not allowing me.It's only showing ""support code"".Please help me!!I really like this app",0,1,snap_chat
1553,Mukhtiar Ahmad,"January 6, 2023",This is amazing app for chat but improve more because when I send request to othes friend something wrong is showing on screen and friends can't add I always want new more friends but when I add 10 friends after that something went wrong says why I want to solve this problem and give option to clear all chat messages I have 1000 Friends how can I clear chat one by one so please give option to clear all friends chat at one click and delete friend thank you 😊 I'm waiting for your feedback,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1554,Priyanka,"February 15, 2023",Way to much bad experience 🤬 1: I had logged in my account from another device... I had many snaps saved to memories from that device but now I cant find my snaps in Memories 2: whenever i open Snapchat i have to login first then only I can open it... There should be *dark mode *theme in snapchat as eyes strain at night while you're in dark room...,0,2,snap_chat
1555,Ellie Boyes,"February 2, 2023",Keeps not letting me post!!! Just pending all time. Won't let Me send anything to anyone at the min!! When it does work I enjoy this app.,0,2,snap_chat
1556,Ceiling Turtles,"November 4, 2022","I was trying to view a video I had saved in a chat with a friend who doesnt like me saving things to my phone and accidentally clicked off to the side and lost the video (and another picture forever) either make it possible to resave them if you accidentally unsaved something and are still in the chat *like there was before*, or make it harder to unsaved something in the first place. I don't see why you would get rid of that option.",869 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1557,Carly,"February 9, 2023","Absolute tripe camera quality and I'm using a Samsung S22!! Where's the features that apple have, split screen camera??absolute pants compared to Apple!",74 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1558,Nicholas Elliott (OpticZen Gaming),"December 27, 2022",The sheer number and frequency of ads during stories is so frustrating. A short video is at least doubled with the amount of ads that get shown.,9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1559,William Hanzlik,"January 25, 2023","Recently, there has been a black bar at the bottom of all my pictures, and I am pretty sure it is because of a change in aspect ratio. If someone could help that would be great. Otherwise great app.",5 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1560,Zoe,"December 12, 2022",I have an eye condition so cannot see properly with light mode but I cannot turn dark mode on because it doesnt exist on android. I have tried to change it in my phones settings and there is no way. fix this because it really hurts my eyes.,6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1561,Daphnie Tresler,"February 7, 2023","Please fix latest update! When watching stories, the view profile button obscures text or images to detrimental level. Ease move or remove this button.",0,4,snap_chat
1562,Nick Dyke,"January 24, 2023",I only have this for two groups and for some damn reason this app loves to pop up and tell me about all of these people I don't know nor care about that are on snapchat while I'm checking my texts or emails with no way to cancel the notifications without shutting all notifications off... annoying as hell!,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1563,meron,"January 2, 2023","Anytime I try to open the app and check my chats, it just freezes. I can't even touch anything. Not even stories, the map, etc work.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1564,Marcus Corwin,"December 18, 2022","It's a create app, but every once in awhile I can't add a friend, it says when I try to add them, can't find this person, even though I talked to them earlier.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1565,Mr Levi,"January 29, 2023","Snapchat is a great app don't get me wrong but it is so unfair for us android users! I'm on the Samsung S20 FE, and snapchat is getting slower and slower. Android users aren't getting the iOS updates until months after, which is no good, and the camera quality needs to be fixed as my normal camera is amazing, but on Snapchat it is awful.",0,3,snap_chat
1566,Serena Stroy,"December 23, 2022","it wont let me leave the camera part of snap. its just in that one spot and wont let me switch, ive tried to go onto snap stories and chat but it doesnt work. ive tried redownloading it and updating it. dont work.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1567,Abigail Bate,"February 20, 2023",Worked perfectly with fun filters and ways to connect w/friends but it ended calls sometimes without warning but that's prob my internet lol overall 5 stars if I could rate out of 10 10/10 thanks 4 making this app,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1568,KAY,"December 8, 2022","i have been using this app for a while an i love it but for awhile now whenever i want to snap one of my friends or anything it says ""waiting to send"" and it will be like that for weeks and not send. I also have parental restrictions but is allowed to have it and ever since i have had the parental restrictions the ""waiting to send"" thing has been happenig. And bc of that i have been using my nook which don't have good quility at all and is rly making me rethink ab downloading it",4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1569,Natheena Gales,"February 3, 2023",Really need to work on more filter options for androids it isn't right to provide different filters for different devices I pay my phone bill just like everyone else thank you!!,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1570,Mushroom_S._.2913,"January 6, 2023","It keeps ending my calls unexpected, yes the privacy stuff and filters are nice, but it won't show me when I get notifications and keeps ending called unexpected.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1571,Amanda M.,"October 16, 2022","Update 10/16/22: The app is still malfunctioning. I tried using the email listed in the Play store to contact the developer. I received an email back telling me to visit the Snapchat website because the developer email is not monitored. I go to the Snapchat website, still nothing! Original Review:I'm not sure what happened. Out of nowhere the app started malfunctioning for the past 24 hours. It keeps freezing and if I try to make a snap video The screen just flashes off and on.",955 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1572,Fatima Zehra,"February 9, 2023",Hmm it is a very good and amazing app We can have fun here. I gave it 5/5 We can also talk to our friends and family relatives from it It's too good but not for children anymore and old people But it's very good 👍😌👌🙂☺ I'musing this app from 2018 Hmmmmmm ❤🧡❤🧡❤💕👻👻👻 We can have chat and talk and also make pics 🧡❤🧡💕🤯🤯👻👻🤩😛💌🙉🙊🙈💖🧡💥💥💥💯🤞🙌👀👌👌👌💕💗💞💛💖💚💙🧡,3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1573,Srinivas Muthineni,"February 4, 2023",Don't use this app because I cannot login in to the snap again since from the dada of my phone was cleared so i have deleted the app and again I cannot log in or singh in into the app,0,1,snap_chat
1574,tell bell,"February 15, 2023","I want the features ios gets for Samsung, I also got a random black bar at the bottom when I save my snaps and it basically shrunk my screen size:( I want it back to normal",29 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1575,Denki Kaminari,"December 18, 2022","Snapchat is good for texting and calling your friends, but there is also some bugs still. Recently it's not allowing me to save things in chat or let me sent snaps.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1576,Charlie McKenzie-Cheyne,"September 23, 2022",Constant problems with the camera zoom. every time I open the camera to selfie mode the lens is super zoomed in and I can't get it to zoom out. The back camera lens has the same issue. I will be holding my phone at arm's length but the zoomakes it look like I've got it right up to my face. I've tried clearing the cache and data in the lens settings and the app settings and reinstalling.,251 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1577,Aarushi Natani,"January 25, 2023",It is very good app. There are many filter to click photos. In this app my photo are very good. I really appreciate who ever made this app. I really liked this app very much. I recommend this app for your photos❤️❤️. But i am not able to send my snap 🥺.. Meri streaks will broke down.. pls help meeeee....🙏🏻,3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1578,Pratik Sharma,"February 1, 2023",The front camera flash has become useless now. It used to be really good and now it's absolutely garbage. Please fix it ASAP OnePlus 6T user.,0,1,snap_chat
1579,Strxlberry,"December 20, 2022",It has such horrible bugs and lacks so much privacy. When I'm going somewhere it'll randomly turn on my location as soon as I leave the house. Please fix this I don't want strangers on the internet to know where I live.,8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1580,pankaj bhatnagar,"February 18, 2023",This app is so good . I love the filters . I love the way we can text our friends and send them snaps and make streaks,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1581,Clay White,"December 28, 2022","Notifications for stories needs to stop. I use this for communication, 3 out of 4 notifications I get are for unviewed stories. No setting for story notifications. I'm about to delete this app forever with this story spam.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1582,Sridevi Ramesh,"September 7, 2022","Snapchat is a very creative app and I really love it ❤️. I have a good user experience as it provides great features. Snapchat redefined social networks with it's vanishing photos and videos and odd interface, but it's recent updates make the app more accesible and less ephemeral. It's the best app used for contacting friends in the most unhinged way possible. On the whole it's an amazing platform to be explored for those who haven't tried it yet. An app which I would personally recommend.","65,293 people found this review helpful",5,snap_chat
1583,Aashika Afrin,"February 18, 2023",I am giving 3 stars for the new update Because they have removed the game option and the bitmoji look a little weird but not that bad looking cute but..... hope you guys fix it soon... Waiting for new update with games🙃,0,3,snap_chat
1584,Trinity Lewinski,"December 23, 2022",My Snapchat has recently started to ex out to my home screen also lag and freeze. My spot light also is freezing on my screen. Over all this was a good app until this started happening!! :(,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1585,Jeromy Krauss,"September 18, 2022",Not a rate. I want to know why when I watch other stories I am not subscribed to and even the ones I am. I get I few snaps in and it starts over from the beginning. Its rather annoying. When you have to tap through the ones you have already seen to get to the parts you haven't seen yet. It has been doin this for a couple months. I have updated it ever time there is one and nothing has fixed it.,134 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1586,Vincas Matačiūnas,"January 11, 2023","Everything works fine, but this new update changed the crop format of pictures and videos, so now when taking a picture there is black crop on the top and bottom of the screen. Hopefully snpachat fixes this soon. Samsung S22+",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1587,Mahavir Singh,"February 16, 2023",This app is all good but I don't like it that it don't like the time it take to upload photos and videos on snap chat so they won't delete if we delete the app .,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1588,Matt Dondo,"December 28, 2022",Love Snapchat but 1. Can't see people not on my friends list who viewed my story. 2. Keep getting spammed whenever I open up the app to add more people 🙅‍♂️ 3. I know y'all are monetizing your app with Snapchat+ but shoving it down our throats isn't going to help if I have to keep clicking the x 🚫,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1589,Jaylynn McDaniel,"January 18, 2023","I love being able to text, call, and facetime my friends. I enjoy all of the filters and over all it is a good app. I completely recommend.",49 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1590,May D.,"December 8, 2022","Ever since the bug fix on the 5th, I'm not always being notified of my messages or calls on Snapchat. Also, still waiting for the dark mode for Androids. I have hypersensitivity to lights and sounds, and snapchat's bright white blinding background is horrendous for people like me.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1591,Hannah Richards,"January 22, 2023",Snapchat glitches and stops working on my phone at least once a day. It's up to date but I have to continuously uninstall and reinstall the app to get it to work. This app is great but sucks on an Android phone and it's so frustrating.,0,1,snap_chat
1592,Antonio Alessandro,"February 2, 2023",Why can't I see a snap I received again? That's so stupid. The pictures did not load the First time I opened it. Now I can't replay it to check again.,0,1,snap_chat
1593,Bridgette Smith,"October 2, 2022","Snapchat you really need to fix the app. I've only had trouble with it since updating it. I can't load anything anyone sends me, It will randomly take me out of the app while I'm writing a long message and it will all disappear after I get back into it. I've had to delete the app then download again..it worked for an hour or so and did it again. I can't see any of my memories either.",521 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1594,Everything Matt,"October 19, 2022","Recent, constant bug is killing this app for me... Your's or anyone else's story will sometime loop. Ex : You upload a 30 second long story. It will ONLY show you the first 10 sec of that 30 sec clip, over and over til the length the story. Please fix its been this way for a couple months. This bug appears often, not always but quite frequently. (I am using Android)","1,274 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1595,Keya Patel,"February 1, 2023",Wrost app 😒I could not able to send snap I tried to many times I uninstall nd then install but bug is not going nd instead of that old snaps which I already saw it is unseen nd it's very irritating fix this right now,0,1,snap_chat
1596,paityn Armijo,"February 13, 2023",It blocked me all together for trying to get into my account with the right password and everything. Can't even use snap. The app like blocked me all together,0,1,snap_chat
1597,Oreo Maxi,"January 12, 2023","Should add an option to keep 3d effect on avatar or not. Or dark mode feature is also missing in this app , the more u add ppl the more it lags dnt knw it happened with me only or with anyone.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1598,Peter Nincompoop,"February 9, 2023",I have repeatedly tried to change my user name to no avail. I can't even contact support to get help from a human because there's no option for it.,0,1,snap_chat
1599,Sara Gushwa,"February 9, 2023",Super annoying getting spammed with sexbots every day sending me requests. Sexbot accounts shouldn't be allowed to add people by search. Tired of getting emails and notifications every day for scams and spam!!,0,1,snap_chat
1600,Neeka Payne,"September 16, 2022","Edit: Snapchat is good for communicating I'll give it that, but the sheer amount of problems it has is unbelievable! It'll be down for hours at a time and some of us only have our friends on Snapchat. Maybe if it didn't have as many bugs it would be better. TLDR; One star, it has so many issues and goes down when you don't even have a update for it.",293 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1601,Forever Young,"February 23, 2023",Something happened to my snap yesterday i can't open the chat even if i do soo i can't see the messages but i can watch the spotlights . Pls fix it immediately i talk to my online friends on that app Something's wrong with my snap again i can't open anyone chat i tried to update still it's not fixed. It keeps happening. I hope it will be fixed soon,4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1602,Riya Rai,"January 18, 2023",I just loved this app for sure 😘😘... But one thing I hate is that when you first open your snap chat it gives you that in the story section vulgar content which is just disscusting I mean they should give some inspirational or aesthetic suggestions...but ya buy the time as per your choice what you like it will change...so they started giving you that kind of suggestions... But I honestly want change in that section because child also use the aap so atleast be careful towards them 🙏,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1603,Vani Arora,"February 17, 2023",The camera gets too small that I have no interest more for using filters in this app so please i request u to fix this problem of camera screen that gets short and getting space,0,1,snap_chat
1604,Christopher Prichard,"December 8, 2022","Bitmoji did not translate well to 3D. Characters that look great in 2D look like trash in 3D, and there's no way to separately design the 3D version.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1605,Chelsea Royal-Hann,"February 11, 2023","I used to love Snapchat. Now everytime I open the app, it's stuck on the camera and won't let me go see the chats or stories.",0,1,snap_chat
1606,I_M_Gaurav4,"February 3, 2023","After updating a latest version from app store, mini & game icon from all chats with friends removed! Please fix this bug.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1607,James Reynolds,"January 14, 2023",Doesn't care if you deny it access to your contacts. It will immediately notify every single person in your phone that you created an account. Should be removed from app store until permission settings are respected.,0,1,snap_chat
1608,Priyanshi Dore,"February 17, 2023",I am having bug problem since one month even i had send report also to the app but no resopnd yet plss fix the problem as soon as possible i am having this problem in both the IDs........,0,1,snap_chat
1609,ishita saha,"January 28, 2023",Snapchat is getting worse and worse. First and foremost there are no good filters left. Each one is boring. Also the ads are so freaking annoying. Like these days I've been getting these very creepy ghost like ads and I've been continuously pressing hide but they are not getting hidden and have become repetitive. Also with other ads. Snapchat look into this problem or else you'll lose an active user.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1610,Minsun Baek,"February 20, 2023","This application is excellent for staying in touch with pals! You can message in actual time as well as also video clip conversation with as much as 16 people at the same time. Plus, you can add enjoyable lenses and filters to your chats as well as produce unique Friendmojis just for you and also your close friends.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1611,Pramila Malla,"February 18, 2023",I request snapchat to plz give my recent photos and videos...which automatically got deleted...and am not getting. ...plz i request and I have saved my all photos than also it is not there any more..plz am begging you to plz give my all recent photos..,0,2,snap_chat
1612,Jennifer Jenzy,"February 14, 2023","This app is amazing 👍,but this disappearing of messages after 24hrs or after seen is so stressful, like after chatting with someone for long and come back later u can't literally remember what u chatted last with that person, it's kinda stressful 😩 , that's the only problem I have with it,but it's a great app 👍 with good content",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1613,Nathan Davis,"November 3, 2022","PLEASE CHILL WITH THE ADS!!!! Big fan of the discover page, but ads occur FAR too frequently and abruptly, like every 10-20 seconds, and most just repeat themselves multiple times throughout the majority of the show. Like can we at least get a countdown before being interrupted out the blue by ads, or at least a hard limit on how many ads display per discover story??","1,709 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1614,John Shaw,"February 3, 2023","We get that you tailor this app for IOS, but at least try and take advantage of androids more advanced features. Especially the camera.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1615,A Google user,"January 31, 2023","Would you please stop making every message with a dot(.) in between as a damn link. It is soo irritating, please fix this. If we want to share a link we'll, Snapchat stop making every msg i type with a dot in between as a website.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1616,Reuben J. Cogburn,"December 16, 2022","Just keep adding garbage features yet the UI is terrible. I can't even move a placed image on the screen now because the stupid filter menu keeps blocking it. Absolutely horrible touch interface. Constantly have to remake or completely abandon a snap because of terrible user interface. A billion downloads? Get it together snapchat, sheesh.",31 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1617,Ronav Rahul,"February 17, 2023","The new camera frame that has come is very ridiculous, it is irritating to take photos, if possible, please improve it quickly.",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1618,Alex Barker,"February 17, 2023",It's been fine until this latest update. Now barely anything will load on stories etc and 90% of the time can't open my messages etc 😒,0,1,snap_chat
1619,Arpan Bhakat,"February 10, 2023","Its very very amazing app, It contains many amazing effects and features, and it is also very interesting app. I WANT TO GIVE THIS APP 5 STARS.",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1620,Subash Ash,"February 9, 2023",My friends are unable to save my snaps despite having an infinite timer...and i cant even seem to report this problem via app..please fix this.,0,3,snap_chat
1621,sage,"January 2, 2023","i deleted this app a long time ago. i decided 2 download back yesterday. i wanted to change my username since it's old. when i tried 2 change it, it said that there was a problem & it sayed ""please try again"" or ""there was a problem"" please try 2 fix this bc idk if it's my storage or i have 2 update the app. thanks",0,4,snap_chat
1622,Emily Smith,"December 22, 2022","Camera won't focus. The great thing about Snapchat was that it was a quick open take a pic or video. Now by the time I get it to, if it ever does, my pets have stopped doing whatever cute thing they were doing.",0,2,snap_chat
1623,DeathCrystal,"January 9, 2023","Still no dark mode I've messaged Snapchat on twitter on 5 seperate occasions over the past 3 years each time they have told me that it is coming soon and will be rolling out operating system to operating system which is clearly incorrect since no other android users have it either since then Snapchat have blocked me assumably because they can't be bothered to deal with my complain, I have extremely bad eyesight and almost require everything to be in darkmode so this is appalling.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1624,Deborah Gutiérrez,"February 5, 2023","I looked at the comments and as I can see, they're all negative as of 2023. I am new to snapshot and now I have decided to Uninstall this App. Thanks to everyone who made my decision easy. To get out of this App. Sorry, Snapshot. If in the near future I come back to see the reviews and there has been a change, and everyone is reviewing with great reviews. I will install it. Good luck. Hopefully, you'll make some fixing.... 🤔😉",0,1,snap_chat
1625,Drishti,"February 5, 2023","Earlier the app was amazing but after the recent update,it is not working .I request to the app manager to sort out the problem",0,1,snap_chat
1626,Deceived Joker16,"February 4, 2023",new update added the black bar to the camera and is very ugly and making my photos smaller. please revert o it ot add an option to do so.,0,1,snap_chat
1627,Jalpa Patel,"December 29, 2022","It is nice app. We can chat with friends, we can send snaps for entertainment, and we talk on video calls and we can try new and different emoji on us. I enjoy this app. We can also watch reels. And reels are very comedy and nice. Anyway I like this👍.",76 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1628,Moxie (BigMack23),"February 14, 2023",I have been using snapchat for some time now and ever now and them the app breaks completely I can't see any messages from anyone. I have uninstalled this app so many times,0,1,snap_chat
1629,Tha Effreitor,"January 18, 2023","I'm a Premium user for a few months now and still don't have the ""Story Timer"" feature which they state is available. I'm considering to unsubscribe since I subscribed for this exact feature.",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1630,Bob Notbob,"January 1, 2023",Literally every update says bug fixes and improvements and nothing ever gets better. Apps laggy and slow but you guys just keep adding stupid filters and other stuff nobody cares about instead.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1631,Emmanuella Chika,"February 10, 2023",This is really a nice app...you can use any filter of your choice..I gave it 4 stars because it has lesser features on an Android phone unlike an iphone,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1632,M,"September 13, 2022","- Not consumer friendly. Ads and unskippable ads in stories and Discover. - Toxic ""Discover"" page full of clickbait. - Pay to unlock features. - Constantly wants you to add random ppl from all over the world. - Wants you to add contacts from phone way too often. - Can't customize which friends to see in list. Only shows ALL friends alphabetically; chore to select recipients. - When you upload a story and change audience, it won't change the audience for that previously uploaded story snap.",219 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1633,Michelle Ramirez,"December 31, 2022",I hate that there's commercials every 10 seconds when I'm watching one of the channels!! Alot of times it's the same commercial to.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1634,Sabrina Liggett,"February 17, 2023",I love Snapchat! It literally makes my day but sometimes I just wanna delete it. But it's better than any other contracting app I've been on!,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1635,crystal mann,"December 14, 2022",It won't let me login back into my Snapchat and it won't let me open the app and I can't get my into my account after it logged me out every time i opened it and log in on my accout it quits working andit pops up settings and kicks me out i tried deleting the app and reinstalling it but it keeps doing the same thing I haven't I had problem with this app until now,13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1636,Ducker Nomen,"January 25, 2023",I have got a bug as my screen aspect became smaller than before as it was full screen. Now it looks horrible now...i dont have the mind to use snap often even not interested to take pics also....please resolve my issue....i tried uninstalling and reinstalling even cheared catche and lens data but still problem not solved.....i tried with others Snapchat account also it worked perfectly fine but when i login in other smartphones i get same issue now i hate Snapchat... developers help me soon😭😭,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1637,Libbie Marais,"January 21, 2023",App doesn't have dark mode on Android. I have to stay in the app for the the snap to load if not it will not load. I don't get send notifications for when someone sends me a snap.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1638,Remington Ellis,"February 17, 2023","Any video with sound muted will be bugged and refuse to play half the time, some apps won't play the broken video at all, and they removed the games",0,1,snap_chat
1639,Josh Ball,"February 3, 2023",Ever since the new update my snap has been working for a day or so and then it won't let me do anything and the only way I can fix it is by deleting the app and getting it back,0,1,snap_chat
1640,Josue Jr. Isidro,"December 18, 2022","The photos were missinh even though I save it, photos will show to snap chat gallery for a moment and then force close and when you open the app again all photos i captured gone 🙄 waste of my time using this app need to uninstall. no use.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1641,Penelope Brooks,"February 18, 2023",Bestest filters for the whole family and also acts as a communication platform for it's user's to chat it up while only using WiFi if WiFi was all you had one day. ❤️🙏💋,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1642,Josh Liles,"February 3, 2023","I don't like the weird gap underneath the photo, before it went all the way down. Now the picture is smaller and harder to see",44 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1643,Edward Girard,"December 18, 2022","Way too many ads, more ads playing than actual video being watched, way too annoying, this is the reason I barely use this app. Almost as bad as Tubi advertising ever 30 seconds. You make this platform unbearable with the amount of ads, are you going bankrupt or just greedy?",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1644,Ttv_silentb8,"February 2, 2023",Every couple of day snapchat lags out and I cant use it and the only way to fix it is by deleting it then reinstalling it also thay need to fix the bot problem it's getting annoying,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1645,Bobby DeLano,"December 16, 2022",It just gets worse with every ridiculous update! Now the music doesn't play on the videos...why in the hell do you keeps fixing things THAT AREN'T BROKEN! Stop it! Unreal,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1646,Richie,"February 7, 2023",This app is literally getting even worse....i cant send snaps peacefully... everytime i try to send they say failed to send...it has become annoying as hell now,0,1,snap_chat
1647,Gideon Messer,"December 8, 2022",Snapchat is a great app (not for kids) sex bots try to add you all the time too many adds and recently they got rid of the nice sleek 2D bitmoji characters that were easy to make like yourself in a cartoony way but now it's a weird 3D version of it that looks like a type of cartoon that parents turn on for brain dead kids who need to watch something 24/7!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1648,adsDXCV,"January 24, 2023",Good but sick of the discover section which is full of the weirdest content. Also would love to see dark mode soon. Odd that this is available on iOS but not Android.,4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1649,Sanjay Ray,"February 5, 2023",Snapchat is great. I would give it a 5 unless there would be a place to actually block people that you don't want.,0,4,snap_chat
1650,Shannon,"January 20, 2023",Sick of all the bot/spam friend requests. I've set everything up so that only friends can contact me. There's no way to turn off friend requests. So I'm just deleting my account and uninstalling after YEARS of being on snapchat.,0,1,snap_chat
1651,Jacob Ruiz,"September 17, 2022","I don't know what they ""fixed"" but it's still running horribly. Stories still restart every couple slides. It's good for the only purpose it was used for when it first came out. Sending and receiving clips and pictures. Not much else it's good at.",147 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1652,Aarushi Singh Janwaar,"January 8, 2023","It is the best app for clicking pictures or photos you can add effects are filters according to your shade.. or what u like ... U can make frnd overall world who r on snap. .. u can send snap, photos , audios , videos.. we can chat here ... We can do call according to us video or audio call ... But this app is online appp ..",16 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1653,Sean Casey,"January 17, 2023",I'm on the Galaxy A51. And my Snapchat can't send Snaps. Even if I have full bags of Wifi & Cellular. Been happening for like a week now. I've had to use Snapchat on my iPhone 7 cause it's not sending Snaps. Don't know what could be causing it. So annoying.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1654,Sheikh Aaqib,"February 17, 2023","I can't find delete account option in settings, or may be it's not given deliberately. Worst experience ever.",0,1,snap_chat
1655,Benjamin Carter,"December 25, 2022","The app is great and allows easy conversation with friends, with more recent updates the app keeps glitching out more and more, the app stops responding and to resolve the issue Uninstall the app then re-download the app, as of the last update this fix does not resolve the issue.",63 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1656,Nitsss,"December 30, 2022","Snapchat is a literal pos. For the past couple months, it's been insanely slow. I can't take photos with my flash on, through Snapchat, because it's so slow. I have to uninstall it, and reinstall it, for a TEMPORARY FIX that lasts like 2 days.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1657,Simaf Omar,"December 28, 2022",It's awesome but there is one problem indeed. My phone got restarted a few months ago and snap got deleted.Ive tried to log into my account for months now but it always says:we could not find a matching account and/or password.My account is still there.So a few weeks before my phone got restarted I gave my second sim card to my friend and back then when I first uploaded Snapchat I used that number.but also after giving her the sim card my Snapchat worked perfectly fine. I can't log into my acc,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1658,Alex Shepard,"December 18, 2022","Notifications are annoying. I don't care about some random videos that are made by people I don't know, I only want notifications if I receive a message or call. Unfortunately it seems I can't block the ones I don't want.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1659,Hemanth gowda,"January 3, 2023",If you want to get distracted.... distributed even if your phone is not in use or using on important tast....use this so that if you won't tap notification at once it keeps bugging till you open for every half min......awesome app .........,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1660,vikram sanglikar,"February 12, 2023","This application can't show proper snap, what is the use of this application ? Even 2nd time we can't see the snap, either we save it. One of the useless application ever used.",0,1,snap_chat
1661,Akira,"December 22, 2022","Key place to talk to my closest friends<33 Although randomly the camera stopped working. I have no idea why, my camera works perfectly fine on all my other apps. Please fix this snapchat.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1662,Dylan,"February 15, 2023",What they done to the camera aspect ratio. I got a z flip 4 and the snaps i take now use about 5/7th of the screen so i got thick black borders above and below. Why they gotta fw it,0,3,snap_chat
1663,caleb,"January 12, 2023","whenever i send a video in chat, its completely squished and also why cant i pin people yet but literally everyone else can 😐 also i logged in and out of my account too many times and now i cant log in at all. edit: uninstalled and reinstalled and its fixed. annoying though",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1664,Sun Shine,"February 14, 2023",It occupies a lot of memory storage and doesn't have (privacy) hidden mode but good Collection of stickers,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1665,Ken Petrini,"September 28, 2022","This app is so broken its actually not even funny anymore. I left a review stating how glitchy and absolutely abysmal the reels are and how streaks disappear constantly before 24 hours. Reels will send you back like 20 seconds on EVERY ad (why??), and now the ads have doubled in the reels which makes the act of watching one actually more effort than its ever worth and it somehow is getting worse every day. Something needs to change on this app because it's complete and utter trash now",879 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1666,Rica Suiter,"February 1, 2023",This app is has more bugs than an entomologists lab. The entire camera function is broken. The update did nothing but break it,0,1,snap_chat
1667,Theresa Miller,"December 31, 2022","Can't even get into the app now...It keeps saying this app has a bug & closes...So I tried uninstalling it then reinstalling it again but its still doing it??? Please SC lemme back in,I've been a good little girl ,I promise...lol As soon as it let's me back in then I'll change my ratings back to great",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1668,Kyle Espiritu,"December 19, 2022",Your recent update sucks. I cant move my caption because of the options for filters after you take picture... went to re-do it and cant send the snap. Now i cant send any snap to anyone,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1669,pinky and bluey,"December 17, 2022","Snapchat is a very good app but for the reason of 4 stars is the limited amount of options for CUSTOM shirts. What I'm saying is you should add shirts where we can write anything we want. As long as it is appropriate.P.S.PLEASE ADD A BLACKPINK SHIRT! Also add an option to add a picture to your shirt.Thank you,regards Original Strawberri",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1670,chief Firewolf,"January 1, 2023","lately things have been working okay but a lot more often than not when i go to record a video it doesnt capture and pops up a thing that says ""video capture failed"" none of my other camera used apps do that",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1671,Diane L,"January 10, 2023","Update screwed up filters. Why do you cut my long blonde hair off at the shoulder in my Cameo picture? I look like a boy! It didn't used to do this. It used to take your bitmoji pic and see that it obviously had long hair and so you had long hair in your cameo photo too, now only one out of 50 Cameo pictures/stories will have the full length of my hair. Fix this, it doesn't look anything like us people with long hair!","1,921 people found this review helpful",3,snap_chat
1672,malaika khan,"February 12, 2023",I think this app is not suitable for kids Because of thumbnail on The clips...although this app is good....kindly add some age restriction option in this app.....because its showing white porn,0,1,snap_chat
1673,Ellen Speculum Boakye,"December 23, 2022",I've been unable to streak videos recently...I don't know if it's a technical fault. Every time I try streaming...I received the failed to send notification,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1674,Kainuf,"January 14, 2023","The Snapchat camera doesn't work. app is up to date so I phone. I can't take a single snap. it's just all black. even when I restart the app, uninstall it and restart my phone. nothing helps.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1675,Susan “SeXcMaMa” Bruce,"January 4, 2023","Not impressed with how I've noticed having Snapchat on my phone has made me lose photos, lags my phone and always has problems. FIX THE ISSUES PLEASE. Un happy with photos of my children I've lost that I can never get back !!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1676,Abdul Karim,"January 14, 2023",This app was the best social media I used till last update. After the last update of the app my friends cannot save the snaps in chat that I sent to them even if the timer is infinity (no limit). 🥲,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1677,MUKTHA N N,"January 23, 2023",hey we want an option to prioritise frnds like we could mute snaps of other because some people want to focus on their studies so it will better if there is an option to make one or two people to show in home screen it will help many people pls take it seriously I'm one who wants to make conversation with one person so I can avoid rest of them and focus on studies pls it's humble request I hope your team will look after this,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1678,Fariha Khan,"December 26, 2022",I like tha app but recently my 10 or 15 hidden photos is not showing its may be out of storage.its showing notification that try again later 😑 something went wrong Whenever I want to log out for a while it's taking tooo much time for backup😵‍💫fixx ittt plzzz,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1679,Joey Becker,"January 12, 2023",Recent update makes my image have borders on it when sending out to people. I don't see it on my side only the recipient sees the borders. Wasn't like this two weeks ago. Sending to android and iPhone does this. Using Pixel 6 pro,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1680,Dominique Noury,"January 17, 2023","I do tink this is a wonderful app but I have a bug,so when I oppen the app it dosent work exept the picture ting but I have no filter noting and when i swipe to see my messages i cannot see them and i cannot write so tank you for your comprehasion and please if you can fixe yhe bug please 😁🙏 good day",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1681,James Johnson,"December 21, 2022",There is nothing you could offer me worth paying for. Stop giving full screen ads trying to get to buy your low-effort premium service that offers meaningless features that other apps offer for free.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1682,WIRED ALLSTAR,"December 24, 2022",To many uncontrollable notifications! This app won't let you turn off some notifications like story notifications that I do not care about and receive atleast 3 times an hour.,21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1683,Poonam Kumari,"February 3, 2023","Hii, Something happened on my Snapchat but I don't know what actually happened here it's showing that something went wrong and if I am sending pictures and snaps to my friends then it's not going. So I wanna ask that what has happened",0,1,snap_chat
1684,Nick Deesen,"February 16, 2023",Don't use it unless u have an iPhone. It's clear the devs don't care about any other platform. New update is absolutely horrific,0,1,snap_chat
1685,RamesGamesLC,"November 2, 2022","Since the last 2 or 3 updates and small supposed fixes (on/ around 10/25/22) the app has had MAJOR issues sending/ receiving messages and the notifications are completely broken. Using a Samsung s20+ it shouldn't be this broken for a relatively newer phone. Judging by other reviews I'm not the only one with issues. It's not showing the recipient opening messages or replying even if I close and restart the app and my phone. The pc version works, BUT doesn't help if im on the go (which I am).","1,141 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1686,Azlan Malik,"February 8, 2023","Every update says there are bug fixes, but with every update, I seem to find even more bugs then before.",0,1,snap_chat
1687,Super Dave,"January 8, 2023","Very useful and fun app! My complaint would be about the excessive repeating ads! Though app is completely free, the number of repetitive adds during discovery stories is absolutely atrocious! Completely unnecessary and should really be scaled back. Makes one not want to discover at all!",49 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1688,MARIYAM,"February 8, 2023",It's amazing app ... But it's main problem is it is not working in full screen and it is very irritating ... Plz fix this ... Otherwise snapchat is lovr 💕,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1689,Abhi Khan,"February 3, 2023",Snapchat is a very good app best photo clicking and filters but now in Feb 2023 the new update of snap chat is very bad because in photo the half screen where show up and down screen was black. So i request too Snapchat repair this thing new update and launch the new update fastely,0,3,snap_chat
1690,Madisyn N,"February 3, 2023","I have a Samsung s22 plus,and recently my snapchat has a weird black border on the camera ? hope this gets fixed as it's quite annoying As well Screenshotting is odd as well",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1691,Niall McCann,"October 6, 2022","I loved this app and have been using it consistently for about a decade. But now its clickbait ""Discovery"" section makes it totally awful. I don't want to see literally any of these models or stupid videos. I must have selected ""hide this content"" or blocked these accounts a hundred times but they keep being replaced by equally garbage accounts. Please include an option to hide this selection, or at least change the algorithm and maybe then we will be able to use this app once again.",202 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1692,Starbuck H,"February 15, 2023",To many fake profiles that sends you friends request on here & also sends inappropriate content. This app is not a good app as it once was.,0,1,snap_chat
1693,Zeenat Mansoori,"February 16, 2023","It is good but now I got the update notification then I click the continue now the app has freezed it is not working So I have to say that please fix this problem ""I WILL BE GREAT FULL TO YOU""",0,3,snap_chat
1694,Princess Æterna 13,"January 13, 2023","Could you maybe fix the sound volume for the snap filters that are always making ridiculously loud music sounds when we open the snap filters? Even when I turn my volume down on my phone, somehow the ad filter sponsoring something/someone, is still loud and the volume is still high. Can you fix it this issue? It happens Everytime I go to use the filters... thank yeew",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1695,Zaylee Boswell,"February 10, 2023","I was on Snapchat the other day and I was able to pin people and now today, I can't pin anyone nor do I have the shortcuts anymore. The app if broken needs to be fixed. ASAP",0,1,snap_chat
1696,Ella Hornby,"February 1, 2023",Due to the most recent update the camera quality has become even worse and there is now a big bar when i try to take pictures of myself,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1697,Jameelah Jaafarr,"February 13, 2023",I don't like how if you take a screen shot or screen record the chat it shows the other person and for some stupid reason they got rid of the games,0,3,snap_chat
1698,Daniel James,"November 4, 2022","Please help! I get locked out immediately after making an account. I've had a snapchat account for close to a decade, and suddenly snap kicked me out and won't let me log into that account. Even worse, when I try making new accounts using different emails, usernames, and passwords, I'm kicked out almost instantly, before I can even add a friend or finish the setup process. The ""contact us"" button on the home page is completely useless, and I can't get help.","1,237 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1699,BehindTheScenes WithJenn,"September 30, 2022","I have been running into some issues where it it only send messages via wifi and not my mobile data, which I find a bit odd. No way to change back your avatar from 3d to 2d... I miss my old avatar and would very much like it back. You should have at least made it an option to switch inbetween them in the settings. It would have been nice to have the option",198 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1700,Mikey O'Connor,"December 9, 2022","Snapchat on Android is missing a lot of features that had been on IOS for years, for example simple things to add like dark mode is still missing in 2022. Dark mode should be made available",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1701,Kratos,"February 5, 2023","It was a kinda good app until the update came and since then the app doesn't display the full app screen again And again, dark mode is not available on Snapchat for android users",0,3,snap_chat
1702,my B o d o r,"February 14, 2023","I am not sorry, the truth is that you are really behind because you are putting a lot of updates, and this is something really annoying, and I think that a lot of people are annoyed by that thing and the snap comment when it is attached to my phone. This is a lot of annoyance. I hope that this thing does not happen again.!!!",0,5,snap_chat
1703,Ridhima Mishra,"September 18, 2022",I have been using the app for long but recently all my streaks keep vanishing. I lost a streak at 699. It is really annoying.. these days it keeps displaying the error message that unfortunately Snapchat has stopped. and i can't even save my snaps in my gallery anymore. When i try to save a pic it either doesn't save or when it does save it gets saved in video form. its really disturbing.,61 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1704,Ramonic Pottinger,"October 28, 2022","My cameo doesn't work, when I ho to take a picture to create one it snaps then it loads to around 14% then just stops and opens up snapchat's (where they send us messages like ""happy birthday"" or when a new filter is out) conversation. I've tried repeatedly since last year and the same thing keeps happening. Also when I go to use my cameos the whole page just keeps loading, and if I vlivk on one of them the turn into an exclamation mark.",440 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1705,Lili P,"February 9, 2023","It was once full screen, and now it Doesn't operate to full screen, kind of annoying Not sure who moved what but can they put it back",0,3,snap_chat
1706,Chubbs Unicorn,"December 18, 2022",It is really annoying to be treated as a second class citizen on Android. Why does iOS gett all of the features and android is stuck with a price of garbage? The rest of my family get some cool features such as dark mode. My eyes hurt from using the app.,26 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1707,Suneha devi,"January 26, 2023","This app is not going good,i don't know that it is happening only with me or anyone else thenever I log out my I'd. I lost my photos and this happened with me many times. I'm tired of this. If possible than try to improve this.If there will be any improvement then I'll give rate to this application.Thñx.",0,1,snap_chat
1708,insomniacat,"December 16, 2022","The app usually works for me, but for some reason the camera won't flip at all. and now I'm stuck on the back camera so no more selfies but that has never happened before so I don't know how to fix it🥲",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1709,XMMA,"January 7, 2023","Alright app, just feels like the android version is way behind the ios version (recently can pin people, still don't have dark mode, can't half swipe, etc) but overall is easy enough to use",0,3,snap_chat
1710,Gillian Coombes,"February 14, 2023","Easy to use and loving all the different things I can put on my story, and living the map, still learning though,",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1711,Esther Mamudu,"December 14, 2022","I have samsung Z fold 3 I have a Very Very bad experience, cannot share stories to WhatsApp, each time I share it sends null.bin and it says file is corrupt. I have tried to refresh but it's the same",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1712,Cara Sadowski,"February 7, 2023",It's fine but I have no app appearance in the settings to put it on dark mode. Even after I update the app.,0,4,snap_chat
1713,May 1747,"February 1, 2023",Why is there a black bezel at the bottom?? It seems to crop my snaps! It's definitely a bug so fix this feature asap!!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1714,Akansha Singh,"February 17, 2023",Please fix the camera quality and the layout. It was fine before but it's somehow gotten worse.,0,1,snap_chat
1715,Arundati Kutiyal,"February 11, 2023","I did not like the new update of Snapchat that has just come, because the screen has become small in it, not full screen.",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1716,Unnati Jaiswal,"February 18, 2023",I really like snap..... From a long time i am using but now the game option is not available.......... And please do something for the my eye only..... I k kw the password but still show like wrong password and not coming... Please fix all these things,0,2,snap_chat
1717,Logan Ballegeer,"January 19, 2023","Crashes my phone every time I open it. Google pixel 6A, they don't even support the developer of Androids hardware properly. How the bleep do you expect them to even bother to get the camera to not look like garbage.",0,1,snap_chat
1718,Alexis Maddox,"February 16, 2023","Never have any issue with messages, crashing etc but having dark mode available for Android would be great",0,4,snap_chat
1719,Sanatan,"December 31, 2022",Worst app ever.. Always giving notificationsof those who have already joined Snapchats a year ago or a months ago.. such an irritating app. It's ads is another thing that annoys me. Worst app in Google Play.. won't recommend this app to anyone. Unwanted notifications.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1720,Abdul Rahman Mohammed,"September 8, 2022","This app is a very good platform for making friends and many more. it has an interesting feature and a very nice way of presenting someone and I wish something could be done to maintain the messages for it to be accessed at any time and it really runs slow on some phones, and something should be done about it. also, some restrictions must be placed on the things that can be posted there. Hoping to see more improvement in the next update.",253 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1721,Catherin,"February 3, 2023",My camera screen ratio is not full screen and also i can't change it... Tell me how to solve this problem. Where's the settings to change the screen ratio... 😶,0,1,snap_chat
1722,Gayathri Alla,"February 8, 2023",Why don't you add or backup my eyes only passcode if we forget that passcode every single photos are deleted. Please Update that my eyes only passcode backup thing first.,0,1,snap_chat
1723,Jcq Tds,"February 11, 2023","The new privacy policy shows up and when I confirm, I can't do anything. I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling",0,1,snap_chat
1724,Smruti Narode,"February 6, 2023",I've face many difficulties and problems while using this app....But overall this is veryy cool and intersting app... meanwhile I'm love with this app 😅...the filters are very Auspicious and cool....this app is very cool app..,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1725,Tilly Harrison,"February 10, 2023","Would be 5 stars but they took away birthdays and mini games which just sucks all round because the cake next to the name isn't enough and the games worked well and quickly, disapointing",0,4,snap_chat
1726,Emma Stewart,"January 9, 2023","Starting sucking when they decided to give notifs every time someone that was ever in my contacts (yes including deleted contacts) made a new snapchat login. Also repeat reminders to check ""unviewed stories"". Let me selectively turn off notifs.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1727,JEET MEHTA,"February 20, 2023",The app has bug.. My phone reboots as soon as I used it for 2 minutes. Please help me to resolve it.,0,1,snap_chat
1728,Terrance The 3rd,"February 4, 2023","TOO MANY ADS.. 0/5 Every update gets worse and worse LMAO. Stop showing me ""content creators"" and ""Influencers"" in the ""For you"" section of snapchat. That is most definitely not ""for me"" as I have to always hide all of them from the page. These people are BEYOND annoying and I'm really not sure why snapchat keeps shoving these losers down my throat? Thanks. Update: this app is still bad Update again: app is even worse",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1729,Jessica Hunt,"February 9, 2023","My snaps aren't uploading to my story even after checking my internet connection, restarting my phone, checking for updates, and trying different upload options",0,1,snap_chat
1730,Just Pierce,"September 26, 2022","This app used to be so good, I've been using it for a long time. I have noticed in the last couple months it's become absolute trash, won't load my messages, constantly have to close out the app and reboot it to get it to do anything, sometimes my friends and I have to uninstall the app entirely. Sort yourselves out!",135 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1731,Adenman420,"February 10, 2023",All I can say is add dark mode. I hate waking up and being blind for 30 minutes and in the middle of the night also,0,4,snap_chat
1732,Gavin Voelker,"September 29, 2022","(Android user) Get rid of the ring light and bring back the normal flash, or do what iPhone does and allow us to switch it. It's the most annoying thing I find with the app. It's such a hideous feature. I want dark mode for the app, but I'd rather get rid of that ring light function first.",186 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1733,Trouble .91,"October 27, 2022","I dont understand why on iPhone, you'll see toggles for 'Regular' and 'Ring' that you can switch between. But On Android, the ring light shows up by default with flash color buttons and a brightness slider. Why. I hate the ring light it's not bright enough at nighttime.. why cant android have both options as well. We used to have the regular light until you changed it. Help me please",590 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1734,SAKSHAM,"February 20, 2023","Snapchat is best app for communication, There is no problem all is ok. A small request to add a feature of bio.",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1735,khalil “Goldknight” Amri,"December 26, 2022","I personally don't like the fact that we have to use the new ""3D bitmoji feature"". And i feel like i am not the only one who thinks this way.. i hope you add a feature that let us choose between 2D and 3D.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1736,Ramona Peden,"February 20, 2023",It keeps shutting me out talking about Snapchat has stopped working. Love the filters but something has got to give with this all of sudden booting me out my snap,0,1,snap_chat
1737,Alex Huynh,"February 1, 2023",Snapchat is suddenly shooting 16:9 photos instead of the full screen photos/videos like it was doing up until 2 days ago.....,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1738,Sanketh Bagalkot,"February 15, 2023","From, Sankubagalkot Snapchat user To, Team snapchat Subject; Problem in adding a friends in quick add section. Respected snapchat team, Im sankubagalkot. Snapchat user. I have problem regarding a adding friends. Whenever I going add a friends in quick add section it is showing that SOMETHING WENT WRONG ❌. I reported you this problem many times but there is a no result.......This time also I'm reporting you that same problem I have facing.......Please🙏 solve my problem.....",0,1,snap_chat
1739,Kristina Gummeson,"February 12, 2023",Again a horrible update where I cant open the app without it crashing before it loads. Absolute trash.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1740,Barry Addison,"October 28, 2022","We are just getting exposed now. The texter on the other side of the phone now knows that we screenshot the chat, swipe right, and many more. And, I get spammed with messages from my friends and then the app gets really slow which is irratating cause then my screen freezes. Please try and do something (like maybe try to make it less laggy when people get spammed) I'm tired of this. Thank you. And maybe add necklaces to the bitmoji clothing? Thanks!",579 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1741,Mehar Hashim,"February 7, 2023",its a nice app..but i have two accounts and now one is not getting opened evèn with the correct psswrd tooo...i lost my streaks too..what the hell is that ...if i did change the psswrd it gets changed for the another id....look after it ...i want my account back,0,2,snap_chat
1742,Kaleb Brouillette,"February 13, 2023",You guys at snapchat know that we don't like the discover page as it it. Revert it back so we're not bombarded with clickbait. It's ridiculous.,0,1,snap_chat
1743,Chilled Sky,"December 18, 2022","It's a good app. I like the design, easy to use, good features, memories album is really helpful. My only problem is that sometimes when i share something from spotify or i open to see the messages it has some bugs. Also i still really want a dark theme for androids bc bright theme is exhausting for my eyes :)",31 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1744,Vansh Tiwari (Vanshuu),"February 4, 2023",The app is fantastic but I'm facing a problem.. Games and minis icon is not showing. And please add dark theme in snap please.,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1745,Elicia Parker,"December 6, 2022","It is a great app to connect with friends however recently sending snaps to people won't work, I have check settings, I have checked the network everything, it only letd you sends snaps to groups, and it isn't just my snap, it is other people that I know -- hi again, it is working again, must have needed an update, as soon as it did updated, sending snaps to people work",65 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1746,Danner,"December 7, 2022","Cool, it's the teenager app for sending things without getting caught. The reels are horrible, the recommended stories are horrible, and those new 3d models are the worst things I have ever seen. They are so horrendous that I might have nightmares. Change them back. No one likes them.",7 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1747,Simon Undead,"December 15, 2022",I love this app it makes me able to contact friends and family with a click of a button but it has a few bugs with the app sometimes not louding and the hot bar not showing up other then that i love the app and i hope you make more progress on it and make it even better!!!,165 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1748,Benedict Gelfer,"December 6, 2022","App is extremely badly optimised, very laggy and buggy. Has started crashing a lot to the point of shutting down my phone and forcing it to restart. I am using a modern device (Galaxy A40) and this is a horrible experience. Edit: lag has now gotten even worse.",12 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1749,LaDonna McCoy,"January 13, 2023","Why? This is a great app ! It really is but I would recommend some changes . When I want to take a picture it shows the white screen and not the flash . Plz turn it back to the flash opinion Im not really a big fan of the white screen. Or plz make it optional, like put a flash button on the side of the screen so you can choose which one you would like to use :) plz and ty!",12 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1750,Khushi Masurkar,"December 10, 2022","It's a very good app... I am using it from a year back but the problem I'm facing is that whenever I make a snap from my camera roll videos, the video keeps freezing... So please fix this problem as early as possible...",8 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1751,Gizmo Minican,"December 27, 2022","Snapchat is great, has a good design and performs well, but I find when playing a game or watching a story there are way too many ads. My biggest problem isn't even the ads though. It's the fact that snapchat will constantly notify me about people I haven't even interacted with.",6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1752,Luis Fernandez,"December 7, 2022","It's okay, I guess. Works pretty well if you're using it to talk to friends. Still no dark mode available yet, and they refuse to add it for reasons? Bot accounts run rampant and will randomly add you, Snapchat has done nothing to stop this.",18 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1753,Lady Rayne,"December 30, 2022",The ring light for front facing camera is trash! The fact that it actually brightens everything on my phone as if I'm controlling my phone's brightness is bs. The old front facing flash was better or fix this one so that you have a night mode. Either I'm blinded or you can't see me at all once I fix my phone brightness. Very disappointed! Snapchat used to be better. Old night mode was better!! Bring it back!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1754,Alex Zoppa (Mr. Noodles),"October 19, 2022","Honestly, I hate this app. My main issue is the fact that it randomly opens my camera and tries to force me to take pictures. I've never been a big selfie person, but this is even worse. Also, the fact that you only have one opportunity to save a snap is just stupid. I also strongly dislike stickers, they are all very forced and the fact that clicking on one by accident just instantly sends it is infuriating. One time I was trying to have a serious convention and it sent banana dances.",240 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1755,vaidehi bhardwaj,"January 22, 2023",Why am I not able to change my password via phone number and having issues with email verification. So pathetic. Do something. Even after entering correct password they are showing something went wrong.,0,1,snap_chat
1756,Emma Birthisel,"October 16, 2022","Recently the app just froze. I tried everything. Turning all the things on and off, uninstalling and redownloading the app. It just freezes now and I can't get past the yellow screen with the white ghost on it when you first open the app. It won't even let me try to log in anymore since I updated.",176 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1757,Klara Young,"February 12, 2023",Literally can't watch a story cause the app freezes and closes. I have a Samsung s21 ultra. Fix the app.,0,1,snap_chat
1758,Christopher Auld,"February 14, 2023",Good app overall but recently decides it needed to send me 500 useless notifications an hour so had to mute it and now can't see when real snaps are sent through all the developer spam.,0,1,snap_chat
1759,Bodie Wirtz,"February 9, 2023","I'm up to date on software and It still says ""snapchat was unable to open camera. You may need to restart the application or your device""",0,1,snap_chat
1760,Aimee S,"October 13, 2022","I've used Snapchat for years, however in the last month everytime I open the app the camera freezes and flickers, when I'm typing messages it freezes, I cant change any of the settings and any videos sent to me flicker without audio. I've cleared the cache and storage, updated my phone, restarted phone, uninstalled and reinstalled the app twice and exact same results. Very frustrating. Please fix. Using a Google Pixel 4.",282 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1761,Log Dog,"February 8, 2023","Snapchat is always way behind other social apps. It's the only app on my phone that still does not have a dark mode. The only social app that doesn’t support GIFs in chat. Also, Why is the 5-year-old ""bounce"" video feature STILL not here?",875 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1762,blayne,"February 10, 2023","I had no problem until about 5-8 months ago. I've completely ignored the problem until now. My account is temporarily disabled for ""suspicious"" activity with I have no clue about. I didn't do anything yet I got banned.",0,2,snap_chat
1763,Seher Nabeel,"February 17, 2023","Snapchat I am very disappointed in you because you have removed the game play from everyone,this is very concerning for some people because no one knows if it's removed or if its a bug. Snapchat you need to fix this ASAP!!",0,4,snap_chat
1764,Vivan,"February 13, 2023",This app is great but pls fix the baby filter.... It doesn't make video at all only photos can be clicked,0,4,snap_chat
1765,Jaylen Perez,"February 11, 2023","Snapchat is the ideal application for taking photos and videos! The camera is easy to accessibility as well as you can customize your snaps with lots of enjoyable lenses, filters, and Bitmoji! There's something new to try every day, making this application added unique!.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1766,Dawn Dsouza,"February 5, 2023",Whenever I try to change my username it shows something went wrong i am changing my username after a year still this problem is showing up . Please do fix it.,0,3,snap_chat
1767,Brandon Emery-Janzen,"September 16, 2022","The discover stories never work right. I get like three clips in and it sends me back to the beginning. Then I click through back to where I was, just to watch another three and get sent back to the beginning again. How hard is it to make an app that's been out for like a decade work properly?",68 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1768,AYTU __,"February 2, 2023",A good app but when I try and find some people to talk to I can't find them and chat to them they show up in my friends list but that's it,4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1769,Mohammed khurram Khan,"February 20, 2023",The new version of update is worst because snap has provided short screen ratio that looks very much awkward please get me back in large screen ratio please do the needful asap,0,2,snap_chat
1770,Tanner Potaka,"October 15, 2022","Pixel 4a App is broken. You open up the app and it constantly flickers. Can't send or open an snaps. The app eventually quits responding and crashes. I have signed in/out and uninstalled/reinstalled, but nothing has worked. Issue has persisted for 2 weeks now. Seems to be an issue on the device model, as I signed in on other devices and my account works fine",287 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1771,Wendy Tima Ansah Yeboah,"December 22, 2022","This aap is great. They update u on every filter which is currently in use. I love it. The only problem is when r someone send u a snap, after watching it kinna like go. They shld try fix it by putting up an option if u wanna save the snap or not",18 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1772,Ruzzel Legaspi,"October 13, 2022","Never ever use the ""my eyes only"" feature. Just find different back up apps that can store your picture/videos. Because they can't help you retrieve your passcode even thought it's yours. I just wish that they can put a feature where you can retrieve your code when you forgot it. Just installed this app after a year and I think I'm going to uninstall it again.","1,997 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
1773,ginger f,"October 20, 2022",This is my favorite app and Ive been using it for about 9yrs now. My only complaint is they recently changed it so when you go to your friends area to see their stories non friends pop up to add also. I understand there idea for this to make it easier to add people but I really wish they added a setting to make it go away. Its so easy to accidentally add someone. People I dont know and people I dont want to add are on there and it really annoys me lol. I hope they change it on the next update.,579 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1774,Kacywith Ken-chan,"October 9, 2022","To be honest, I actually like this app. The first thing I open when I wake up. It's really easy to use, especially when trying to contact your friends. There's also a really cool feature where you can play with your friends on the app. My only issue is that I hope you can add something so I don't have to unadd one person at a time. I wish there was a button where I could mass delete. Besides this only problem, it's a pretty good app. I would say amazing.",804 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1775,Ash Thefoxx,"February 9, 2023","It's works great, I've figured out evreytime snap ""breaks"" and starts having problems, check to see if you need to update it clever way",0,4,snap_chat
1776,Nawal Muhammadi,"February 5, 2023","Every time i save a video i recorded, it is saved as a broken file and doesn't play after i save it in the gallery. Why is it happening? How many times i reinstalled the app but the error remains same. The video is saved as an unsupported file.",15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1777,Tito Vasquez,"February 11, 2023",I don't think snapchat is Omptimized for s23 Ultra. Front facing camera is HORRIBLE. The quality is DRAMATICALLY reduced from my s22 ultra. Yikes. I hope this is fixed soon.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1778,tracey murphy,"February 3, 2023",This last update is not good part of my screen when I take pictures is chopped off. I was not like this a day ago. Can you please fix this?,0,3,snap_chat
1779,Felishimo H,"October 13, 2022","I use this app to video chat with my s/o who lives a few states over. My only wish is that there was a way to implement an option to stay in call for 5 minutes after another person ends the call. I had to end the call one morning to pick up another call, but was sad that I wasn't able to get back into the call with them because of my early necessary call. We sometimes sleep on calls as I have severe separation anxiety and it's just disappointing that we can't jump out and jump back in for a call",313 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1780,Shane Pilon,"February 7, 2023",Absolute garbage app if you have an android. Camera constantly crashes and can't focus,0,1,snap_chat
1781,BruhYouLying,"February 8, 2023",Every time i enter the app on my chromebook it disapears. until further notice i will not use snap ever again until you fix this.,0,1,snap_chat
1782,Garena Free fire,"December 31, 2022","I was giving two star because, there was a bug that can't fix i reported so many times but bug can't be fix the bug is ( Memories not loading) please snapchat fix this problem as soon as possible. Thank You",0,2,snap_chat
1783,Justin Gray,"January 13, 2023",Its 2023 and still don't have a dark mode option. Is there a way to remove the snap/reply/save option on snaps/ and pictures in chat? Takes up like 15% of real-estate cover up the images/videos.,153 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1784,shaan gaming world,"February 13, 2023",This is very nice app but i found a bug when i open my account but I'd change and they show me I'd that i can't do anything in this i delete sanpchat and install this again i face this 4 times Please fix it,0,4,snap_chat
1785,ミ ボᔕᕼA⃒D⃒๏шЯཞıシネ,"February 17, 2023",Its very bad on samsung 5+ Like it randomly doesn't let you type its randomly crashes a lot takes long to send a message which is delayed reaction have to unistall and reistall for it to work propley for like an hour please get this fixed,0,3,snap_chat
1786,Subhajit Dhar,"February 5, 2023",When I am in dark theme the contents are not shown. When someone messages me I cannot see the messages its completely blank but when I turn off dark mode then the messages are shown again,0,2,snap_chat
1787,UH_Official,"February 9, 2023",I really liked this app those filters but i giving two stars because of there lack of Bollywood songs and it from years i can't find any song with there real name and which I want to take you really need to work on it or maybe you need some more employees bcoz you can't improving it from years 🙂 thanks.,0,2,snap_chat
1788,PRASANNA Kumar,"February 14, 2023",Need dark mode to work in the app interface . It's really annoying not to see content when in dark mode.. i hope the issue will be fixed in coming updates.,0,2,snap_chat
1789,CiCi,"January 27, 2023","I keep having to reinstall For some strange reason the last month. When I watch the videos on Snap, I have to reinstall it to send messages or video call.",43 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1790,Darian Evolution,"February 19, 2023","As a person that is in the body mod community why isn't there more piercings available to us on here, it kinda sucks, like maybe add Jestrum, vertical Labret, bridge , cheek, double nostril stretched lobes?? these should all be added, plz thanks.",0,3,snap_chat
1791,Vidal Subia,"February 14, 2023",Snapchat is a joke don't add quick adds don't add even if it says they search for you it's filled with scammers fakes cheaters SMH big time. It's ok if you personal know someone like met them before. I feel like snapchat is the pimp and all the quick add/searched are its wh*res.,0,1,snap_chat
1792,Swara Kadam,"February 20, 2023",I tried to change my birthdate in snapchat but it is not working. Everything thing is ok with this app but the birthdate option is really annoying. When i tried to change the month it is only showing 3 months,0,1,snap_chat
1793,Erin Van Housen,"February 5, 2023","Disgustingly spam filled. Even after changing my privacy settings I'm still having random people I don't know (clearly found from ""suggestions"" which Snapchat must get royalties from) messaging me with naked photos and ""Hey we meet on Tinder, I'm horny wanna chat?"" messages. AWFUL!! This is only happening because Snapchat allows it. Deleted my account",0,1,snap_chat
1794,Tahira,"January 26, 2023","I really liked this app before but from today it's just making me mad my internet is good all the time every other app is working great i don't know snap is saying ""no internet connection"" for no reason its weird now i can't login to my snap chat account because it's showing sone stupid error i don't know for what can you guys just kindly fix it please.",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1795,Tiara McCullen,"February 9, 2023",Been on this app since 2014 and its been glitching worse now more than ever before. Today I cannot load any conversations or photos. Its very frustrating.,0,2,snap_chat
1796,Christelle Modeste,"February 6, 2023",Too many unnecessary filters... Sometimes you can't even recognize your own face. Now you are looking like a witch on your screen and it's scary. Where is natural beauty?,0,3,snap_chat
1797,Joseph Hatcher,"February 20, 2023",i like the app very much but there needs to be a thing where people can still use snap on old computers because when i install it on my 3 or 4 year old computer it will open then close wont let me get through the sign in,0,5,snap_chat
1798,Dany Kh,"February 2, 2023",Filters keep changing and I can't save them. It would be much better if it could be saved like isg filters.,0,1,snap_chat
1799,crafty kids,"February 11, 2023",My all friends are using this app for a long time and they have reccommended me to use this app. This app has a lot of positive ratings .It had taken many time for me to understand the features and how to use but its really awesome.I also reccommend it to all non-Snapchat users.5 stars to this app,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1800,Kareena Bansod,"January 29, 2023",It's my suggestion to develop the app by having a feature of any one is active on snapchat or not it's make the app more updated. Add the feature of active in snapchat . App is good 👍,0,2,snap_chat
1801,Aditya Lad,"February 10, 2023","This app glitch most of the time, first j thought it's my phone but later understood it's not, dark theme is not available if we are having our phone on dark mode than we are not able to use this app convienetly",0,1,snap_chat
1802,Will Gaines,"February 1, 2023","I would rate it higher, the app is amazing for communication amoungst family and friends but it crashes ALOT so I have to uninstall and reinstall it alot.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1803,JATIN RATHORE,"February 3, 2023",Hello everyone i really recommend you to download if you really want to enjoy life because it helps to connect people by sharing there Snap(photos or videos). To be con.....,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1804,Akhilesh Sharma,"January 30, 2023",Very worst app I have ever seen . Its add is automatically occuring in my device. It is occurring automatically in my desktop . I will report this😡😡,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1805,Shanjida Ahamed,"February 7, 2023",Using snap for years but now The back camera quality is totally ruined after the new update also the ratio of front is disturbing too....hope they can fix it asap,0,1,snap_chat
1806,Jarrii,"February 12, 2023","4 stars why , because I like the fact we can change our usernames and stuff but once a year seriously ?? and the quality is bad when u post stuff wit stickers or anything",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1807,Unknown_Er,"February 3, 2023",there are a lot of glitches with the camera and doesn't let me scroll past a certain amount on my friends list. please fix,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1808,lyanna Manuel,"October 25, 2022",Snapchat is great and all and really good for communicating but it's not entirely the best on Chromebook/laptop.When taking pics the photos are really stretched out or like become really wide and it looks like some weird filter also spotlight is kind of glitchy aswell sometimes just freezes and I cant watch or swipe and no matter how many times I refresh or close the app it just switched to a new video but doesn't let me swipe and I can't fix it?? Overall Snapchat is nice but glitchy.,254 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1809,David H,"February 3, 2023","Most updates seem to just screw with Android users, we get less camera now and save is worse, if I didn't have most my friends on here I wouldn't be using it anymore...",0,1,snap_chat
1810,Aarthi Vadlamudi,"February 1, 2023","Great, but I don't know why my photo size has been reduced and displaying notch and not been displayed in full screen mode",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1811,Shamima Kamal,"February 10, 2023",Rocket 🚀 option is missing in chat even after updating.. I can't play games with my friends & not found mini option.,0,1,snap_chat
1812,Aghna Wasim,"February 9, 2023",Stupid app. Promotes bad things in every possible way. The stories tab never fails to disgust me every time I mistakenly click on it. Boo 👎,34 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1813,Christopher Polson,"October 20, 2022","Honestly would give it 5 stars if they'd just introduce Dark Mode to Android... Everything else works great, never have issues, although there are times it would be nice if the app could take better advantage of the abilities of the devices camera, but definitely not a deal breaker. Push notifications for streaks with an hourglass would be a nice touch. But mostly, give Android Dark Mode! iPhone have it, should be easy to add to Android...",318 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1814,Lizebeth Keller,"February 16, 2023",I would really like if you added a dark mode to the android version too! I can't stand being blinded all the time! Lol! 😆,0,4,snap_chat
1815,Udaya Kumar,"February 14, 2023",This is worst messaging app because there is no select all messages option and delete all messages option which has been saved in the chat.,0,1,snap_chat
1816,Nick Balazs,"February 11, 2023",New update makes picture size smaller and does not fit screen what's the point of this? Make it the full screen now my pictures are smaller very annoying,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1817,Vivek Chaudhary,"February 15, 2023","Please find out this bugs nobody save my snap , i had already done everything but not received any positive response 😢 please find this bugs and send version update.",0,2,snap_chat
1818,Kaitlin Smith,"December 26, 2022","Good. Also, you do NOT need snapchat+ to change the notification tone. Just go to you settings. Apps. Choose snapchat. App Notification. Notification categories. Snaps and chats. Do not turn it off. Just tap the actual words that say snaps and chats. Then change your tone. I have an android. Idk how to on iPhone",6 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1819,Michi M,"February 12, 2023","The gaming aspect was a way for me to connect, play, talk, and enjoy my time with my nephews that live a ways away. It's unfortunate that this was removed. That's the only reason I even got on snapchat 😔😏",0,1,snap_chat
1820,Syed Abid Ali Shah,"February 5, 2023",I don't like the filters that mess up people's face or makes it look scary. Else i like the app.,0,4,snap_chat
1821,Mohd. Tabrez,"December 8, 2022","This app is so good. I like this app 🤩 my snapscore is 288230. I am using app from last four years, there is only a one problem in this app that when we export our snap photos into gallery the photos are dull and not clear. Please improve this thing also Thank you 👻👻",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1822,Erik Smith,"September 7, 2022",This is by far one of thee worst chatting apps I've ever been on. I've had it since 2017! And it's 2022. I haven't made a single chat last longer than maybe two days. I'm almost always a chill person with an upbeat vibe. But every time you use the quick add function just to meet or even say hello people freak out and get absolutely livid or just add and then insta remove you. On top of that the other page in which your basically watching cringe ads the entire time.,91 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1823,Moris Vnučec,"February 14, 2023","Still no dark mode, and the camera is bad + it drains the battery alot more compared to other apps.",0,1,snap_chat
1824,Noa Dirkx,"February 8, 2023","I truly love this app, I cam chat with my friends and send them funny, cute or pretty pictures with the amazing filters they come with.",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1825,condensed milk,"February 2, 2023","Many are having the same issue - the black bar at the top that makes the camera screen shrink. It's so annoying and I can't stand it, but I can't get rid of it or anything. Please fix this. 🙏",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1826,De'Anna Harris,"January 29, 2023","It was good until they started adding all these new things on there and its acting slow like it deleting my pics and videos out of no where, I'm hearing it keeps logging people out and some not getting notifications like I'm not understanding its glitching and all",0,2,snap_chat
1827,Chandrshekhar Chilwe,"February 3, 2023","this app is worse its not even responding much , i trying to update it since a month it still has no effect , even i tried to do data management regarding it and also tried to clear space , or all of obstacles which are preventing me to update this app but nothing is working , so after all worst app",0,1,snap_chat
1828,Amit Sharma,"January 27, 2023",Still no optimization for Android for atleast flagship phones always a short delay before clicking photo to get a good quality also no quality in video and after applying any filter i am breaking all my streaks uninstalled it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1829,Gabby Okoye,"January 26, 2023",This app is getting worse and worse by the day I keep waiting for it to get better but it's pointless I'm tired Snapchat!!!! I've been using this app for a long time and to be honest you people really slacked off because it's really terrible we need an improvement immediately you keep creating updates that aren't even worth it and the app glitches so bad now like wth,0,1,snap_chat
1830,Mekheblem Y,"January 27, 2023",The black bar on the bottom of the camera since the recent update is very annoying. The 3D bitmojis that androids now have are much less attractive than the 2D versions,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1831,Alex Laisney,"January 28, 2023",Quality on Android is an absolute joke my videos sound like someone is farting the entire duration making the videos completely unwatchable. So much for keeping memories of fun moments when the quality is such garbage.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1832,Tony,"January 29, 2023",Why the F do you have to force a hyperlink whenever anyone puts a period between two words?? That is STUPID. Now I can't even copy and paste the paragraph I wrote because all you want to copy is a fake hyperlink you generated from two words that simply had a period between them.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1833,Deelon Smith,"January 31, 2023","Breaks quite alot, no dark mode or 'pin' mechanic update: now a pin mechanic yet still no signs of dark mode and the app is still extremely bugged, camera takes nearly 30 seconds to flip and misses apple features",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1834,Tyler Sheridan,"January 28, 2023","Will snap ever meet the demands for dark mode on Android, this is ridiculous that after 3 years of IOS having it, there is still no option in the app settings for Android. Ihave a Samsung galaxy z fold 3 and am very disappointed in Snap.",32 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1835,NoSafePlaceforYou (nosafeplace4u),"January 30, 2023","The most recent update pretty much sucks. Expect more ads and annoying messages from ""team Snapchat"" about filters and other useless features.",0,2,snap_chat
1836,LOUISA Opoku,"January 31, 2023","I don't know whats happening to my Snapchat but I can't do anything, when I tap anything on the app, it isn't responding 😩. The memories, the spotlight, the filters.. everything is not responding....",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1837,Kainat Ahmad,"January 28, 2023",The Front Camera is not working and back camera is so fuzzy. I tried logging again and reinstalling but nothing worked and the experience is so bad. Im so very disappointing.,0,1,snap_chat
1838,Mezoti Fullmer,"January 30, 2023",I give this 4 stars because. I can text my friends and everything except sometimes there is ads and sometimes every time I'm trying to use a filter or text my friends it's sometimes doesn't work😊,0,4,snap_chat
1839,Adam Smith,"January 25, 2023","poorly designed UI, buggy, drains battery, not Android-optimized. also consumes a ridiculous amount of space with over 2.4GB of ""user data"".",0,2,snap_chat
1840,IG CR,"February 8, 2023","Constantly crashing. Not able to log in even after receiving the code number for verification. Tired of trying, its been like 10 times trying to log in with verification codes Uninstalled.",0,1,snap_chat
1841,DJ Shedd,"January 30, 2023","Glitches, freezes, crashes, camera doesn't focus anymore as it used to. The app is garbage now. Only reason I still have it is because of my friends.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1842,Macy,"January 26, 2023",Still not optimized for Android. No Dark Mode STILL. Camera quality is also subpar compared to Apple. Make an app for all and not just someone who holds your hand in stocks.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1843,Dannielle Zelenka,"January 28, 2023",I never leave reviews but I haven't been able to use Snapchat on my phone (Google Pixel 4a 5g) for months because the app simply will not open. I have never had an issue with Snapchat until now and it drives me insane! Also! No dark mode but Apple does? Absolutely absurd!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1844,Zibran Shamim,"January 26, 2023",Lately there's been so many bots sending requests its just becoming a nuisance. Also with the optimization issues for android devices.,0,1,snap_chat
1845,moo poo,"February 15, 2023",Just today on Valentine's day of 2023 I noticed the app wouldn't let me view friends stories so I tried force stopping the app and it wouldn't budge so I uninstalled and read the app and now it won't even open... Before everything today it was a wonderful app. I am using a Motorola e5 which is sort of old but it's my main way of staying connected please help -a long time user,0,1,snap_chat
1846,Rikkiey Conditt,"January 31, 2023",I absolutely love this app it has fun filters and is super fun to just be able to be yourself or if you just want to be goofy with close loved ones and or friend's. I totally recommend Snapchat if your single or not👍,26 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1847,Venomwise Gaming,"January 28, 2023","Whenever I send a friend request now and the other person adds me back, it only shows it as I added them and were chatting even though the other person added me back. What the hell happened? You guys clearly messed up your own app you idiots.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1848,mac p,"January 28, 2023",New problem: none of my snaps have sound Just updated yesterday and haven't been able to send any snaps... update it again to do and still nothing ? My connection is great every other app is working... what's going on?,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1849,Rob Adams,"October 29, 2022","The interface was once so simple, now I accidentally send emojis on stories all the time. Certainly is fun when you do it to an ex. And that window for undoing the sent message is way to short. If I wanted something like Instagram stories, I would use Instagram. This is just one more social platform that meta (facebook) has destroyed. Also the amount of promoted of stars is wayyyy to high.",399 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1850,Andrew L,"January 28, 2023",Replaying snaps make them open in reverse order?? Does it every single time if I have to reply a snap with videos/audio they replay from last snap to first. So I have to piece together the audio like a puzzle to understand what's being said smh. Pixel 7 pro,306 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1851,Caspian Adams,"January 26, 2023","It works but barely. Cameras slow, crashes and freezes also after a while it just becomes so slow and clogged.",0,2,snap_chat
1852,L Lawliet,"January 27, 2023",I mean it's good but I keep having to remove it then reinstall it then log back in so that I can use it. The option at the bottom of the screen look abit different pfp in the top left doesn't load and stuck in camera screen,0,3,snap_chat
1853,Star,"January 28, 2023",I loved this app but the only problem is when I'm clicking a picture on it (front camera) when I see it on screen it looks really beautiful but when I clicked it .... Then it is blure and my face looks soo chubby.....this disappointed me but (back camera) is great ...,0,1,snap_chat
1854,Qwino,"January 25, 2023","Great app, only issue is, just today, a black bar appeared on the bottom of my screen only when I open the camera. That never happened before until now, so I have no clue why",0,4,snap_chat
1855,Taylor Crisp,"January 26, 2023",Uninstalled the app just to reinstall it and there are still issues with the app. I cant upload any pictures. And I'm not gettimg any chats. Oh and no notifications either. Pls fix ASAP or I guess its time for Twitter then lol.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1856,Z Singh,"January 28, 2023","Why are you treating us Android users so bad? The app lags when switching to the chat from the camera mode, it sends annoying typing notifications, and for God's sake, there still isn't Dark mode. Cmon guys, even iOS has these features!",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1857,RelishAndOrangeJuice,"January 31, 2023","last update broke snapchat for me, I cant even swipe through filters or post anything to my story. Not only that, it has also gotten 10x slower when doing anything.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1858,Charlie West,"January 26, 2023","Terrible, got banned from using the app again from my device for something I never did, appealed the case and got the same reply everyone gets because they don't acctually look into it at all or they would've unlocked my account, recommend not using, bad customer service, do not install this app",0,1,snap_chat
1859,Valerie Zaragoza,"January 27, 2023",So when you try to sing a song on snap and when you sing it won't lip sync on Androids and on iPhones it does lip sync so can you please fix this because it really bothers me ty,0,4,snap_chat
1860,SJ Pavsam,"January 29, 2023","I mean it's a great app, but one thing is that I think you should update it to let non iOS users do things like use dark mode or do other things that Snapchat can do on iphones, it's not fair to give them certain features and not us. So please fix that.",11 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1861,Chase McNeely,"February 3, 2023",Could be better if it wasn't buggy a lot while loading in. Also should have a feature where you can delete more people then one at a time.,0,3,snap_chat
1862,Addi_the_Hun,"February 9, 2023",Camera quality bad? Don't worry snap chat updated it so now its worse. Found a work around to get dark mode? Don't worry snap chat has updated it so now u can get BLASTED by light mode. What are these devs doing? I do not know. Every update seems to make this app worse. I am now turning off auto update.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1863,Vipin Mali,"January 28, 2023","App is good . But the updateing bug . After reinstating after few days it automatically start update , stuck on that and unable to use app.so again we have reinstate it to use",0,4,snap_chat
1864,Man Arr,"January 26, 2023","I lost my memories because I forgot the password and it won't let me change the password, if I wanted to change it, the memories will be deleted;(.. but besides that problem, I love it!!💞✨✨",0,3,snap_chat
1865,Swathi Randillath,"January 26, 2023","I have a problem with settings. If I set my phone on dark mode I can't see the words in snap chat.i searched for it and found that app appearance under my account on settings will help to set dark mode, but I can't find the app appearance under my account.what is the reason behind it?",0,3,snap_chat
1866,ScyThe 01,"January 28, 2023","Snap camera is showing less ratio on my s20 plus and when i type keyboard covers the texting area , its been happening since few days now , it was fine before it , never had any issue like this",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1867,Kamy,"February 4, 2023",What in the hell went through your mind putting that huge black bar at the bottom of the screen when taking snaps? It looks atrocious. It was perfectly fine before,0,1,snap_chat
1868,DESMODUS,"January 31, 2023",It's really good except when my videos are very laggy. Like people say they are fine but it's annoying asf. I just wanna watch my videos. Without them being hella laggy,0,4,snap_chat
1869,Steven Whitney,"January 25, 2023",Can't use without granting unnecessary permissions. You can ask for storage access when and if you need it. You don't need blanket access to it at all times.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1870,Andre M,"January 28, 2023","Giving out stock certificates with no monetary value after laying off it's workers is just evil, this company is a POS, the app plainyly just sucks I haven't used it in years, I'm just deleting it all off all my devices, waste of space. Waste of time. App hasn't been good since I was in highschool, an app made for pedophiles to transfer pictures around to their pedo friends.",0,1,snap_chat
1871,Corina Karpov,"January 27, 2023",Snap keeps lagging behind and the app has to close. I don't know if it needs an update but I'm tired of it closing after 10 minutes of use.,0,3,snap_chat
1872,Rushikesh Ghule,"January 29, 2023",I'm facing an issue that the camera is not with full screen and there is bug in some filters also i.e location filter. Please fix it fast.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1873,Yaash Callicharan,"January 28, 2023",Either get rid of the ring flash or let us choose between regular and ring flash this is so annoying . The new update sucks too.,0,1,snap_chat
1874,Sky Contreras,"January 26, 2023","When I was posting my story, my story was loading very long, I tried it 3 times and it still did not work, please fix this issue please.",0,4,snap_chat
1875,Arshita Rana,"January 26, 2023","Easy to use... It's very great app , i suggest you to use this app because it is safe and you can chat or clicking pics , sending streaks and many more...it contains many adorable filters....",29 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1876,Ayesha Batool,"February 2, 2023","I really enjoy it it's interesting filters, also some funny filters to annoy my friend's indeed it's amazing, enjoyable, also digital source of communication 😊",8 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1877,Abdul Ahad,"February 1, 2023",everything's great. the ss thing could use some work because people are finding ways to screenshot without it telling you they did. AND NO DARK MODE FOR ANDROID. very annoying for a night owl my self.,0,4,snap_chat
1878,Gogynotfound,"January 26, 2023","I tried logging out of my Snapchat account to log into a new one but it buffered then I went on play store and clicked the ""open"" button and it took me to the Snapchat camera and when I tried pressing the chat button it would freeze I tried everything and it wouldn't work but overall the app is great",0,4,snap_chat
1879,Diyonne Jackson,"January 30, 2023",I love this as this is good for communication and entertainments. But this app suddenly strucks even it is updated nd doesnot work. I can't get it back as usual when I need. It strucks again,0,2,snap_chat
1880,Anshuman Yadav,"January 26, 2023",This app is very good👍 but it's have a big problem that it was contain trending songs and I'm was making republic day reels but it's has not any song like India waale etc. By the way this app was very awesome😊 Thanks 🙏 HAPPY REPUBLIC DAY🇮🇳,0,4,snap_chat
1881,Samael Gadd,"January 29, 2023",Ever sense the new update snap keeps glutching out and won't open messages. I click on a chat and it won't show anything. I've had to Uninstall it twice now.,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1882,Caleb Hill,"January 28, 2023","It's 2023 now and still no dark mode. Just a lot of meaningless ""features"" to hold the intrigued. If they would give us Android users access to dark mode my review would be 5 stars.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1883,justin franklin,"January 28, 2023","3 years and still no dark mode but ios does, I have the sneaking suspicion that apple has paid Snapchat very handsomely to have the feature exclusive to ios. Otherwise, it wouldn't take literal years for them to implement it.",0,1,snap_chat
1884,xpsidedxwn,"January 27, 2023","This app is great for messaging all my friemds and taking pictures, but it can be slow sometimes, even if my wifi is perfect.",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1885,Mayhem Man,"January 27, 2023","Kinda sucks when you wanna FaceTime you have to restart because you camera never works. It lags. Its glitchy. Its slow, and it's very delayed",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1886,Aitazr,"January 30, 2023",Permanently banned my account after I tried using it on PC before the update where you CAN USE IT ON PC. I'm done. There was no reason to permanently ban my account for this and then days later bring out the one reason I was banned and make it official.,0,1,snap_chat
1887,Sarthak,"January 26, 2023",Overall the app is really good but I'm facing an issue for couple of weeks that I can't operate snapchat with mobile data it works well with a wifi but not with mobile data .,0,2,snap_chat
1888,Kaylem Quinn,"January 30, 2023","It is a decent app, it is good foe when you jave WiFi but don't share it to strangers or it could result in some weird photos and they can see your snap map",0,3,snap_chat
1889,Ayman Jan,"January 26, 2023",This app is almost good....As I am obsessed with it. But it hasn't the dark theme...we can't change it's theme....as some people don't like the light theme.......and I am on of them..😐,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1890,Rida Durrani,"February 5, 2023",Firstofall i love to use snapchat. Its my fav app but from few months my snap account have some errors...whenever i try to add a frnd it shows error.. manys bugs and report has been sent to snapchat but no reply ... Please help me to solve this problem,0,1,snap_chat
1891,Heart Break,"January 30, 2023","Ever since the update it's not showing any of my chats once I select a person. It does they sent a new chat but once I open, it's just blank and will not show me anything.",0,1,snap_chat
1892,tim van den eng,"January 30, 2023",Android camera sucks (because Snapchat uses my PHOTOGRAPH camera instead of my video camera) PLEASE MAKE AN OPTION TO SWITCH!!! Also sometimes the app just randomly freezes my camera when i try to respond to someone's snap. If you fix this i'll give this app 5 stars,0,1,snap_chat
1893,Lizzifer,"January 29, 2023","Full of scammers, bots (usually sexual in nature) awful interface, no dark mode. I could go on but seriously, do you need more? Don't waste your time.",0,1,snap_chat
1894,Ayushi Chaturvedi,"January 28, 2023",It shows the app has a bug and keep getting closed itself....even after reinstalling the app multiple times in several days it still keeps happening,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1895,Jessica Hamilton,"January 27, 2023",I don't know what this new update is but it's almost like I can't use the app at all now nothing I press works can't see my messages can't see my avatar can't turn the camera around it just doesn't work,0,1,snap_chat
1896,Ange .g,"February 2, 2023","Filed of bugs...when I skip an ad it comes back to it, I tried to skip it several times but it always comes back to the ad, i encountered this bug several times this day",0,1,snap_chat
1897,Sanika Walavalkar,"January 29, 2023",3 stars because most of the time the cameos don't work at all! Overall the app is good. But sometimes it gets frustrating because of Cameo,0,3,snap_chat
1898,mr anonymous,"February 1, 2023","Useful app. Usually works okay, but it glitches fairly often. Glitches range from annoying to highly inconvenient",0,2,snap_chat
1899,Darren Tyson,"January 26, 2023",Absolutely sick of this app have had 2 accounts deactivated not only that but it permanently bans me from using it at all on my phone I have had to buy a new phone twice now it's an absolute joke!!! Yet pedophiles and bullys make as many as they want!!!,0,1,snap_chat
1900,Sienna Ward,"January 28, 2023","This app is great, u can connect with people, watch videos and even see maps of where to go!! So useful! 😁",21 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1901,Michelle Clark,"February 13, 2023",After signing up for Snap+ subscription I can't log in after my messages weren't sending it was suggested I uninstall and reinstall now I can't log in at all and on a day it's crucial I have the app to make an extremely important call 😭💔😭💔😭💔when I emailed the support email address given on this page it bounces back saying email address not monitored 😠💔😭🤯😵,4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1902,Areeba.ashraf Ashraf,"February 17, 2023","^^this is the best app for pictures , chating with friends you can add anyone shown there is no compromise , its perfect",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1903,Oderime Hannah,"February 14, 2023",I have opened two accounts and they keep blocking my accounts and they refuse to verify my phone number which is very annoying Pls get those bugs fixed I've just opened another account and it has been locked again because they say I violate the community guidelines And this is so annoying Cos I just opened the account in less than 30 mins,0,1,snap_chat
1904,Yaqeen Ahmad Mansoori,"February 1, 2023","Overall experience is good , but due to latest update minigames have been removed , please reinstall minigames in next update as it was much fun and a great timepaas with friends when you have nothing to talk",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1905,Nahid Qamar,"January 28, 2023",It is excellent app for chatting and the filters are awesome 👀🌸💗 but 1 problem is that we can't change our date of birth once again ..,4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1906,Elín Valle,"February 9, 2023","It's fine but they took away games, I was literally in love with ready chef go and now I lost all my progress so that's really annoying and that was honestly my main use of snapchat",0,2,snap_chat
1907,Sit Ra,"February 3, 2023","It's a very good app for chatting with friends and you and also voice message, call or face call then you can also have a group chat all I want it to have is dark mode coz when you want to chat at night it hurts your eyes coz it's bright",21 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1908,Janki Kami,"January 27, 2023","Current i have 6.6k subscriber..when ever i click on accept button i can't accept request now. Popup msg to me that you have too many friends you can't add this person.why, people have millions of subscriber i connect accept request.its very irritating.",0,2,snap_chat
1909,Ambarish kumar Sahoo,"January 28, 2023",My snaps are not saved while others snaps are saved in chat in my phone . What is the problem with my side?i have uninstall it 10 times but still its not working.the save option of my snap not showing in others mobile.please do something or solve my problem. My snaps are not saved .,0,1,snap_chat
1910,Sonam Prajapati,"January 29, 2023",The camera of Snapchat clicks blurry photos when we clicked pictures it makes pictures blurr and all the photos aren't clear please fix this problem.,0,1,snap_chat
1911,Owen Zwolinski,"January 27, 2023","Great app, does exactly as advertised... still has annoying spam bots and desperately needs a dark mode. Other than that, great app.",0,4,snap_chat
1912,Aidan Jones,"February 1, 2023",My experience is great. Um there's times it doesn't wanna work and not load things but I feel like it's my phone cause it's not constant other than that great app.,19 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1913,Alfredo Repetto,"January 31, 2023","Not bad for fun but I just can't stand the daily spamming on notifications ""*some contact* is on Snapchat"" several times a day. THIS is the reason why I uninstalled the app.",0,2,snap_chat
1914,Chloe Taylor,"January 27, 2023",I love this app. Its a fun way to show people what your doing and texting your friends. The app does not glitch for me and works perfectly. Try this app,25 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1915,Toes,"January 31, 2023",I love Snapchat but I have been having trouble when people send me friend requests I had 3 people send me a request hut I can't see who it is and it doesn't say they sent me one can help fix it so I can friend them and they are my best friends,5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1916,chirag bhadane,"January 27, 2023","In the recent 2 updates I have seen that in notification, enable notification checkbox is removed. Could you please let me know if everyone facing the same issue",0,1,snap_chat
1917,Punky shrewster survival,"January 31, 2023",It used to be a 5 star app until everytime I try and edit a picture it closes out.So I have to screenshot my photos and edit them on my camera Insted.I tried to update it and it still hasn't worked,0,4,snap_chat
1918,Dan,"January 29, 2023",The app is good but where's dark mode. We also need camera optimization I have a good camera but on snap it looks like it's straight out of 2012.,0,1,snap_chat
1919,aradhya bundeliya,"January 29, 2023",Snapchat was working well for me but suddenly it got glitched up and now I'm stuck at the first screen and Snapchat is totally frozed up. I'm unable to do anything.,0,1,snap_chat
1920,Ayush Ec-45,"February 2, 2023",Why this don't have dark mode theme. i request the team to work on it. The updated username or latest username won't appear to my friends on their account...kindly solve this issues.,0,3,snap_chat
1921,Katalina Pik,"January 29, 2023",The white theme with barely visible text is annoying to say the least. Couldn't find a way to change the theme or at least make the font darker,0,3,snap_chat
1922,Deva Pradeep,"January 29, 2023",From a long time iam facing problem with cameos i reported multiple times but nothing was changed i tried by restarting phone and reinstalling snap but cameos is not opening showing as error. Not able to use the cameos,0,1,snap_chat
1923,Nexus Plays,"January 26, 2023","2 days ago it updated and now the snapchat camera doesn't fit the resolution on my screen. Ive tried many solutions. It's just slightly too far up, I have a Samsung S21 Fe.",0,2,snap_chat
1924,fa_mm_a *_*,"February 5, 2023",Timer for pics should be more then 3 seconds as before and there should also be option to save the swipe effects.,0,3,snap_chat
1925,Sunny Pine,"January 27, 2023","it was all good untill the camera thing, where it shows gaps on my camera when i try to take a picture. Its really annoying since it zooms in everything i put on the picture. Id love If It would get fixed",0,2,snap_chat
1926,Lilly Wall,"January 31, 2023",Cant change my username and its been 2 years. When I go to search for anything such as filters and other users it’s just a black screen.,0,2,snap_chat
1927,Raquelle,"January 25, 2023","Dear Snapchat,. 01/25/23 The app was amazing! The lenses made me look prettier .. I also kept in touch with my ex-bestie . Thanks for the memories! Signing off, R.S.",15 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1928,Grim Sunshine,"January 27, 2023","Can't view a single story without being bombarded with 10+ Ads . No kidding, the number of ads is ridiculous, I no longer view stories because of this",0,1,snap_chat
1929,Levi Strode,"January 25, 2023",The new update completely sucks. No longer full screen camera and glitches out when you open it half the time.,6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1930,MB B,"January 30, 2023","The garbage accounts that keep showing up under ""stories"" are just annoying. Please remove these. Random no talents being pushed on the rest of us. It's spam plain and simple.",0,2,snap_chat
1931,Alaina Yates,"January 27, 2023",I can't even move my screen anymore on Snapchat. It's completely frozen unless I wanted to get out of the app. This is so terrible.,0,1,snap_chat
1932,Anonymous 01,"January 26, 2023",Doesn't let me swipe to my chats- this has happened on my OnePlus Nord N20 nunerous times now- And its starting to get really annoying having to reinstall this everytime this happens. Very disappointing.,0,1,snap_chat
1933,Vip Gamerz,"February 11, 2023","Dear sir, I request to you that , Pls update in chat section (in chat we can lock our chat by finger, pattern and password, etc.) Anyway, All facilities are best in your application except 'chat lock'. I am highly obliged for the same. Thankyou!",0,4,snap_chat
1934,Mia Rose,"January 31, 2023",For the past few weeks anytime I try to use a filter the app crashes. Never had this issue before in my 5+ years of using this app.,0,1,snap_chat
1935,GAMER BOY YT,"January 27, 2023",This is very good for talking to other and you can share your every movement that this is osm but there is one problem in this aap if you forget your my eye passcode than you will lose everything that you have save in this; this is very big problem they should have to solve this problem,3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1936,Nhlanhla Maringa,"January 29, 2023",A very great app to text your friends and video call them and watching videos but it's just that u cannot save your favorite filter,17 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1937,Dipak Sapkal,"January 27, 2023",Original songs are not available and most of the songs are missing . Bad experience,0,2,snap_chat
1938,Sandesh Patil,"February 15, 2023",Its pretty good. But only thing I hate is... the updates looks uncool. Where ever they update it looks like old and old and old version of snapchat. Pls do something Noice.,0,4,snap_chat
1939,Đřəå,"October 27, 2022","I love snapchat! It's a good app for me to talk to my irl and online friends! But lately I've been experiencing something weird, I can't seem to change my hair, and i cant change my face accessories, I can only completely scroll to hats. I djt know what happened, but it would be really nice if you could fix this. *By the way, it doesn't need an update*",263 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
1940,Prajval Shetty,"February 7, 2023","I'm having fun using snapchat lately but I hate that it doesn't have dark mode yet, in 2023. Hope developers can get dark mode on snapchat soon!",0,3,snap_chat
1941,Sam Closser,"September 27, 2022","It was a great app up until this last update. They got rid of swipe to open chats, i have been constantly opening the damn map now. It was great before this update, ill keep my review at 1 star until they add an option to revert back to latest style, or till they put swipe to open chats back. Edit: as of the latest update (around 9-27-22) i no longer get notifications when someone send me a chat or snap, ""bug fixes and improvements"" this app has done nothing but gone downhill.",125 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1942,Jemma Gardner,"February 19, 2023",Need back the mini games to play with your friends me and my friends are bored and we wanted to play a game and they won't there so we need the mini games back.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1943,Alaina Elliott,"February 5, 2023","It's a great app, but y'all should add the stuff that iPhone has onto androids. this is not fair and it's just plain stupid bc not everyone can afford an iPhone.",0,4,snap_chat
1944,SYED ADIL Murad,"February 11, 2023",I am getting a issue that my screen is half and I literally don't like that soo this bug should be fixed as soon as possible please,0,4,snap_chat
1945,error 505,"October 22, 2022","i hate this app. sometimes it randomly glitches me out of my app and makes me have to restart my phone. other times the app itself starts malfunctioning, like snaps taking super long to send etc. i am especially annoyed and having trouble about voice notes. for example, i am recording myself talk and when i am done talking the whole thing deletes/disappears. this has happened to me a lot. please fix this asap. thank you",209 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1946,Madelyn Recame,"October 30, 2022","My experience is great. Nothing has ever bothered me, no bugs, no ads, and nothing is preventing you from anything! This app is great. It's what keeps me up to date with the new trends and I use it to snapchat to my friends. Did I mention there is a built in messaging system, just find a friend or family member you like and you have a texting buddy on the app. I totally recommend you download this app.","1,005 people found this review helpful",5,snap_chat
1947,shreyansh verma,"February 18, 2023",worst app forever because the the I dont know are shown in my friend list and there is no way for closing or stoping them you are came in a trap if u use this app,0,1,snap_chat
1948,janie vazquez,"February 9, 2023",when ever i log in sometimes it doesnt allow me to move around through the app it just stays frozen on the camera screen so i need to uninstall it than reinstall,0,1,snap_chat
1949,sohail dhanda,"January 26, 2023",No darkmode and new update is cropping everything like the camera image isn't full and weird nav bar at the bottom.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1950,moonstone,"January 26, 2023",Idk why this app is not installing in my device....I had to delete this app for some reason but now it ain't re downloading in my device. I have already tried downloading it for atleast 3 times.,3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1951,Ayden Levy,"February 11, 2023",I feel they don't keep Androids version up to date as well as iOS. Some extra feature are on iOS that aren't with Android.,0,3,snap_chat
1952,Maximus Vladimir (Max K.),"February 5, 2023",The quality of the camera has gotten worse and worse with each update. Please store and send videos with more quality. This low quality JPEG format is killing the experience.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1953,Adonis spencer,"January 30, 2023",Was going good but now it just makes me stay on the camera and i cant do anything i cant even take pictures or text so there is no point in the app but ill keep it i guess intuil it works FIX THE BUG🤓,0,3,snap_chat
1954,Liam Fulton,"February 1, 2023",I used to give this app 5 starts but you see I am having a problem where I cants see the chats I've deleted it I've updated it it works for five seconds and then stops showing the chats and once it's fixed I'll give it five stars again,0,3,snap_chat
1955,TRG. Suryagovindaraj,"February 6, 2023",Good app i like it!💜 But the 1 problem is i try to create public profile but that is not working i search on YouTube many times but it is didn't work😒,0,4,snap_chat
1956,Erum Irshad,"February 11, 2023",I liked the previous update which you can make a lot of snaps together but its removed and I really liked it is there any chance you guys can bring it back pleasee I really wish it was back I want it back,0,4,snap_chat
1957,Dominick Cholesterol,"February 17, 2023","It's a very good app. It would be better if dark mode was allowed on Android, I have very sensitive eyes",0,4,snap_chat
1958,Pujitha nadimipalli,"February 15, 2023",It's been working properly until my last update.After update the camera screen is not full screen it's very annoying to put snaps.Plz fix this problem.,0,1,snap_chat
1959,Ziggy,"September 13, 2022","Snapchat is becoming too complicated. The public stories and discovery pages mimic those of TikTok or YouTube, and impossible to remove from your layout. I have written several suggestions now on manufacturing a ""Simple Mode"" for those users that want the minimal options of Snapchat. No discovery, no public stories, no additional ""perks"", just simply contacting your friends. I appreciate the new features to be appealing to most users, however a Simple Mode may benefit a small group as well.",168 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1960,Erianna _ (Eri),"February 16, 2023","After the update my snap ont even work . It won't let me take a picture,go to messages ,call,see stories it just won't work",0,1,snap_chat
1961,Alexis West,"February 8, 2023",Great app and everything works wonderfully! However I wish that dark mode was available for my Android device.,0,4,snap_chat
1962,Chandrakant Kumar,"January 28, 2023",It's seems worse now I don't know why all the text are appearing white I can't even see text messages and it's annoying I don't know how to change it into black plz do something about it,0,2,snap_chat
1963,asifa zaman,"January 29, 2023",Why i am not able to see requests? After recent updates the request notification i am getting but not able to see them in add friend option..please fix this problem,0,2,snap_chat
1964,Brad Warner,"February 7, 2023",Camera aspect no longer full screen. Changed to 9:16 ratio. Still cant switch cameras.,0,1,snap_chat
1965,Joanna Pimlott,"February 9, 2023","It's amazing to message just love it so much, you can see for friends you and if you don't know then decline them",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1966,Aliya Khan,"February 7, 2023",Sometimes there is an option of update privacy and policy and there is no cancel option and if type yes then your app will hang and you have to reinstall the app please see to it,0,1,snap_chat
1967,Alfiya Naik,"February 2, 2023",I don't know why but snapchat is not showing me the option of create public profile I'm trying from so many days all my settings are proper i watched so many videos on YouTube but then also I'm not able to use that option plzz slove my problem asap,0,1,snap_chat
1968,shashank agnivesh,"February 5, 2023",Recent update has stick me only to front camera. And Nothing is working . Should I re install . And what about my files then . Pls help Snapchat. My best memories are there .,0,1,snap_chat
1969,Harleen Kaur,"February 5, 2023",Worst update ever.....full screen camera is not working ... picture only click in between the screen and from top and down it couls be black,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1970,Paris D,"November 4, 2022","App won't open. I click on the Snapchat app and it starts on the yellow loading screen with the yellow ghost. It's been like this for weeks. I can still access my account from my other phone but on my backup phone it does this. I cleared cache, updated the app, reinstalled, reached out to support. Nothing worked. Trashhhh",325 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1971,M,"February 18, 2023",App won't open. Says there's a bug and it automatically closes.,0,1,snap_chat
1972,shreevarshaa ramesh,"February 5, 2023","Another good thing in snapchat is playing games with frnds, idk where this featured vanished all of a sudden. Hate it really!!!",0,1,snap_chat
1973,Kelly Hazlewood,"October 26, 2022","The fact that I cannot automatically save my Snapchat memories onto my SD card is freaking ridiculous. It's such a simple feature that most photo apps have. What a shame. And a sham. Will likely uninstall soon. Edit: Three years later, still having issues. I don't know why people, who aren't added on to my snap, suddenly appeared under my friends in the new update. Kinda freaking hate it, tbh.",398 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1974,Lee Mathonsi,"January 31, 2023","I cant find some of my pictures that I used snap chat with,I can see few of them on the snap chat media, and cant view any of those pictures on the snap app,its so annoying,boring...no rate for this one😥 Please fix this mess",0,1,snap_chat
1975,m•a•h•s•h•i•d,"February 17, 2023",I love it but i wish there was an option where you could put your favorited filters on your photos and videos from camera roll,0,4,snap_chat
1976,Hanifa Khan,"February 5, 2023",The app is good and all but I had this problem that I had logged my account in two different devices and when I logged in one device my all snaps I took on the other device went so I would like to seek help.,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1977,Kaspar Weimer,"February 19, 2023",Snapshat Web not working at ALL. Impossible to log in. Some snap are not possible to see in the App. It is terrible right now.,0,1,snap_chat
1978,Bob Smith,"October 6, 2022","Update, still can't log into app. Says there is an error and to clear cache. That does nothing. Please help! Just installed app after a phone reset. Now I can't log in. Input my credentials, hit the log in button and the app closes. Open to the log on screen, same results. Everything worked great this morning, now it doesn't.",91 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1979,꧁ MRP GAMER꧂,"February 2, 2023","From my pov :- In this app there is many features like reels, chat, cameras, filters and etc. This all features attract me.",8 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1980,Backward Ladka,"February 16, 2023",It's very bad experience.with the use of filter someone play with our feelings and what we see and what we received in real life is fake please remove filters 🤝😩,0,1,snap_chat
1981,Vanitha Reddy Koppula,"January 27, 2023",It's an awesome app to click pictures and maintain streaks with our friends.But I can't log in 2 accounts since 2 months.I should reinstall the app.Please help me out.,0,4,snap_chat
1982,Christian Campbell,"October 21, 2022","Really tired of hiding degenerate losers from my discover page and having them continue to show up seconds late. Cannot even remotely control what I see on this app, which is a shame, because everything it promotes is aimed toward simpletons. More importantly, I don't even recieve notifications. The most basic of functions. Update: 2 years later, everything still applies except now I can't add people. ""Something went wrong."" Yeah, I'll say.",224 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
1983,Ben Gratton,"February 19, 2023",Been working great for a long time to send fun things to friends. Last few days nothing loads. App is broken,0,1,snap_chat
1984,Sunita Rawat,"February 19, 2023",It kinda lag everytime and once i logout... I have to reinstall it to login again... This feature is kind of worst feature,0,1,snap_chat
1985,Eman Kaleem,"February 8, 2023",Its good but sometimes it is just stuck and u cannot see the message u need to reinstall or restart your mobile so i want u to fix this stucking problem the rest very good i luv it alot . thx u snapchat,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
1986,hepzibha hepzibha,"February 17, 2023",At starting all was very good and smooth but nowadays especially after the new update..it's going worser and worser day by day.. cuz whenever I open the app and try to take a snap or chat with my friends... It just gets stucked and hangs a lot also bugs out sometimes.. even though I have a good internet. And all my streaks broke cuz of this probs.. I'm not opening this app itself.. I'm just fed uped with this app... Hope u fix these probs as soon as possible.. not even wishing to give 1⭐ but..,0,1,snap_chat
1987,Amanda Steinborn,"January 31, 2023",Idk what yall did now. But went from barely being able to use snapchat. To not opeing my account not sending pictures or recive anything. I have already updated snapchat. So you get one star. If i could give none i would of.👎👎👎,0,1,snap_chat
1988,Robert H,"February 18, 2023",Snap chat will not notify me when someone has sent a snap/text/call. And I have all notifications set to on.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
1989,Guest,"February 9, 2023",What I'm on a call with friends it won't connect to my headphones and it really would help if it did connect.,0,3,snap_chat
1990,C. Eddy,"February 15, 2023","Since one of the recent app updates, my phone (Xiaomi 11 Lite 5G NE) slightly vibrates, any time I finish moving text blocks on photo and video snaps, quite annoying",0,2,snap_chat
1991,Venkatesh bhanti,"February 10, 2023",Hii Since 2 days It was my farewell I have clicked more than 50 photo in my mummy phone when I try to open the ID in my phone it open but all photos disappear.. Plz it is hardly request to you tell me what should I do ..,0,2,snap_chat
1992,Wa Lid,"February 8, 2023",Idk if it's just me but sc has been so weird lately like sometimes it just goes blank the cam is still opened but nothing works it just stays blank wherever i touch.,0,1,snap_chat
1993,Renuka Malviya,"February 3, 2023",The camera is not in full screen and it's not fixed even after updating the app. Fix this rn!!!,0,1,snap_chat
1994,Isabella Smith,"January 30, 2023","Love this app I've had it for years it's truly amazing. One recommendation, put a dark mode on Snapchat. It runs my battery down so fast!!",0,4,snap_chat
1995,Steph Dawson,"February 13, 2023",I love the app over all. The only problem I have is that the games were removed. Me and my son played every day while he was away. This item is no longer accessible,0,4,snap_chat
1996,Ryan S,"January 31, 2023","I do not like the Random Flashbacks. I always dismiss them, I will never look at them, please add a setting to turn them off",0,3,snap_chat
1997,Suraj Kumar,"February 2, 2023",Should work on bringing dark mode in it. Its so irritating in the dark. Look forward to it.,0,1,snap_chat
1998,kbmkaku,"October 3, 2022","Currently on s22 ultra. I want to note the app is amazingly optimized, no lags,stutters or buffers. The camera works amazingly(although I'd prefer to be able to shoot 4k) the camera is still amazing and no pixelation. Side note, I'd greatly appreciate if dark mode could be brought over to Samsung and other Android devices. It would be a huge help for saving battery and relieve the stress on everyone's eyes. Update: thank you for adding pin groupchat conversations and dms on snap :)",733 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
1999,Toxic Joker,"January 27, 2023",It was fine before the new update. I can't use anything on it. It goes the the camera and just stays there. I can't even take a picture let alone do anything else.,0,2,snap_chat
2000,Muddasir Zaman,"January 27, 2023",I just love the snap sound and also the privacy 😌☺ .. but sometimes messages take lots of time to open up its irritating 🙄😒. Anyway nice app for nice people 🙂,5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2001,Josh Lovett,"September 10, 2022",This app is a poor excuse for a camera or photo app. Photos taken from the phones main camera are far better then through the app. It constantly runs in the background burning battery life and tracking the user. It is however great at invading your privacy. The ability to Hide or block channels within the app dont work as intended and you see the material regardless.,49 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2002,Denny Wijaya,"February 2, 2023",So far...I LIKE IT SO MUCH!! Firstly..We can call with friends!! Chat with them!! And also Amazing things to do! This had inspired me Too much!! And i hope this stays alive:)) guys Please don't hate this i love it so much!! Give Snapchat another chance!! Please!! This will interttaind us!! Keep the good work!!,3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2003,carla rohloff,"January 30, 2023",The privacy settings I can't touch anything on the app it won't let me sign out it won't let me do nothing I am not happy I've restarted my phone twice and nothing you guys need to fix this Can't use Snapchat at all now I have reset my phone a bunch of times and nothing works I am really really upset,7 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2004,Carley Bergeron,"January 3, 2023",A fun way to play games on your phone with your friends if you have an Android also fun to call your friends on because it's actually easier than FaceTime so yeah I rate it five stars hope you enjoy my review,10 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2005,Red Weirdo,"February 8, 2023",I don't like this app because I'm stuck on one of my accounts. Like it's frozen in one place I can't touch any buttons,0,1,snap_chat
2006,Lukas Birmingham,"February 19, 2023","They actually optimized the app to work with my S23 ultra's, but still no dark mode for android which is frustrating.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2007,SonShine Homesteader,"February 1, 2023","It's ok. This app used to be better. I'm disappointed in clothing options lately. All the ""maternity"" options used to be outfits that i loved putting my Bitmoji in, like long shirts,sweaters, scarves etc, but now they're not available to the regular public. Why is there a maternity clothes section anyway? Shouldn't the maternity option be part of the actually Bitmoji personalization? That would make a lot more sense. Not enough winter clothing options either. And the flannel shirts are gone too.",973 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2008,panashe Tutai,"January 5, 2023","wel, tbh this app is pretty good.the one thing i would definitely say to re work on is the chats.Once youve typed something,,that word / phrase stays on the chat bar, making it hard to know what youve writen. Over all, its a really good chat app and i have shared it to all my phriends so that they can enjoy the goodness of this app.",10 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2009,Thandekile Mlilo,"December 18, 2022","So I deleted Snapchat cause it wasn't working properly after I updated it. I decided to delete it then download it again hoping it would work. I tried downloading it again, it loads up to 40% and then after a few minutes a pop up message appears on my screen telling me that Snapchat can't be downloaded. I don't know if it's me or other people are also having the same problem but please find out what's causing this.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2010,Rini Friend,"October 23, 2022","I'm really bothered by there not being an option to switch Bitmojis back to 2D. They're really unsettling to look at and I am forced to do that after updating. The app works fine, though sometimes the camera doesn't work when I pull up the app and I have to reload it to get it to work.",149 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2011,Angel Minz,"January 4, 2023","It's great app and all but when I send my friend a snap she receives it after like a week or at all. So, even if she receives it it doesn't update the snapscore for either of us. I hope you fix it soon.",4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2012,Alicja Grabarczyk,"January 9, 2023","I and many other people would appreciate it if you would add one thing.Idont know how you call it thats why imma say it like that.When you,like mark(answer to) a message it would be nice if we click on it and it would bring us to the message,just like on whatsapp if you know what i mean.I need to scroll up for 15 mins to get to the message and its really annoying.It would be really nice.Hope you add that🙏and the app in it self is real good,it just kicks you out of chat sometimes.Hope you fix it",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2013,Liana Jordan,"December 12, 2022","I've been having issues with my app, recently when I'm on call and when it automatically turns off my camera sometimes snapchat has ""glitched"" and the entire app stops working and it gets frozen onto my screen I've had to delete snapchat once before but it's doing it again is this normal?",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2014,Ngum Taniform,"January 10, 2023",Kindly include an option that allows people to delete all messages including saved chats. You could click delete all and it gives you options; you can decide to delete all except your saved chats or all (including saved chats) People basically save all messages nowadays. Thanks,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2015,Gem,"December 7, 2022",it was good in like.. 2015 I guess? If it ever was good I guess. Nail in the coffin for me is that they changed the bitmojis recently to 3d and it looks disgusting and you cant change back to the 2d. Wouldnt recommend this garbage to my worst enemy lol.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2016,ella hart,"December 28, 2022",I really liked this but I actually have to delete it because of all of the notifications. Also I think this is a bad app for kids because you can talk to anybody and my younger sister was online dating people on this app and she was only 12!,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2017,Rashmi Rani,"January 10, 2023","The app was crashing continuously during login time from last 3 days. All updates, force stop and clear cache l had tried all that can l do but after it the problem is still occurring.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2018,Saujanya Poudel,"December 15, 2022",I am quitting all the annoying small talks in facebook and switching to snapchat since a snap says it all. Make new friends and keep your buddies updated without spelling a word. What a fantastic place to be.,5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2019,Disent Design,"December 17, 2022","Deleted this scumbag app and as soon as i did i kept getting unblockable text messages spamming me to check on friend's posts. Seems like obvious spam and there is no way to stop it except maybe click on a link, as if im going to click a link in a spam text. I have to reinstall this scum bag app just to delete my account. Scum",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2020,Monty Elistratov,"December 9, 2022","Can't add friends. I only have about 80 friends and yet the app won't allow me to add anyone, I tried deleting the app, clear caches and more but still not letting me add more friends.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2021,Autumn Lance,"December 22, 2022",It wont even start says its not connected to data service when i have my phone on and wifi was working earlier today. Very upset HELP!! Developers and website doesnt help me just ignore me!!!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2022,Scarlett H,"December 7, 2022",Long time user. Ads hit you so often it make you close the app and not open it for days. Also 3d bitmojis are really gross. I only use it for the privacy. Getting rid of soon if things don't change.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2023,Nick Prchal,"January 16, 2023",When I'm watching stories get rid of the the replys at the bottom. You can't read stories and constantly accidentally send messages when trying to go to the next story.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2024,Trey,"December 19, 2022","So many ads, which make it so buggy and slow now. Customer service sucks, no customer service agents, they censor everything now including the 1st amendment right of freedom of speech. Wish someone could make an alternative app similar to this. Snapchat just sucks now compared to what it was 3 years ago.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2025,ツLuloGamer,"January 12, 2023","The new snap update is an utter failure, there is a chat box that covers snaps at the end of a snap, before u could see the whole snap and the box was there but barely visible, now its all black.",22 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2026,Matthew Yeisley,"December 13, 2022",Good app. Never really glitches for me and always functions. Their customer support is amazing and very responsive. I am very impressed with how this big tech company handles themselves,9 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2027,Ekke Sten,"January 7, 2023",After the new update the app keeps crashing and the picture ratio is weird af Edit: this just keeps getting worse. Now I can't send either sometimes,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2028,liliavochka,"January 2, 2023","Everything is fine, only there is one thing, but only on iPhone you can change it to a dark theme. I ask the developers to change these settings so that people with android can also use this feature :(",0,4,snap_chat
2029,Chris Keen,"January 7, 2023",Ads are horrible. All the Discover content is just click bait for more ads. The spam accounts never end. App causes phone to vibrate when opening.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2030,Sandhu Dhariwal,"December 20, 2022",Everything is good except the issue with notifications even my phone's and app's notifications are enabled still why I am unable to get notifications .... What the hell is this..,3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2031,Fatima Adam,"January 3, 2023","When I send videos, the snap arrow should be purpl, not blue. I'm getting a blue arrow. I have sent Snap team messages, but they don't bother responding or helping to fix the problem",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2032,Victor Van Dyke,"December 26, 2022","Terrible. Only reason I have it is to stay in touch with people. The core part of why I use it hasn't been improved since it was released and bought, they just spam you with ads now. Don't support this god awful trash.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2033,Silas,"January 3, 2023","The app is very slow on Android phones,and also crashes all time when launched,a very biased app that works good and fast on IOS phones but poor on Android phones.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2034,Morgan Hann,"January 7, 2023","Video title cards are misleading, but that almost doesn't matter because there are so many ads throughout the videos they are unwatchable.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2035,Kattie Ridenour,"December 30, 2022",It'd be nice to get dark mode for ALL users. I have all of my apps in Dark mode because the white backgrounds hurt my eyes. I use snap a lot so it'd be nice if I could have it for my Samsung. Apple has had it for over a year 🙃,88 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2036,Horváth Ferenc,"December 12, 2022","The email problem I had earlier has been fixed and the app works totally fine now. Still not the greatest app because of the weird stories, but that's all.",38 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2037,ajla beqiraj,"December 6, 2022",Everything is great i enjoy using it. I dont like the new updates . I dont like how the bitmojis look like now. I hate the 3d mode. Also all the android users would like the snapchat to have iphone updates likee black mode. I hope you guys update it as soon as possible.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2038,Tilly,"January 7, 2023","As of the recent update, I can not press any buttons once the app has opened. I tried using the web version, but that was of no use as I can not access my phone to verify.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2039,Dylan Ridley,"December 27, 2022",My main account has randomly been deleted by Snapchat itself. I just tried to log in and reset my password. I purposely set two accounts to a phone number and an email but no matter what I pick it brings me to the account I don't want. I can't even delete them either,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2040,Faith Kinyua,"January 17, 2023",Sometimes the videos from memories that have songs in them can't be played again Another problem is that when you stay on the app the filters will start behaving in a funny way,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2041,Ripan Pande,"December 21, 2022","Very very Bad , yesterday I capture some memory then the day surpass those & included my all photo and videos are deleted automatically!!! Without any reason! 😶 3rdclass<",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2042,Cheyenne Berzeny,"December 14, 2022",I have used this app for awhile and still the biggest flaw in my opinion is you have to sit there and unfriend one person at a time. You can't just unfriend multiple people at a time. I think that is sooo annoying.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2043,Stephen Bourn,"December 19, 2022","App crashes every time I try to open it. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, rebooting my phone, nothing seems to work.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2044,Zara Heron,"December 17, 2022","I absolutely LOVE Snapchat and the filter are muah 💋 but I have realise that when I save my snaps, they don't appear in my gallery. I don't know if it's my phone or the app. Just in case there might be a glitch in the system. Also I was on TikTok the other day when I saw a video saying that you see all our snaps . Is this true?",0,3,snap_chat
2045,Judith Vici,"January 3, 2023","Snapchat on ANDROID IS THE WORST how come on iPhone they have better camera quality dark mode , etc but on android we have bad quality even though our camera is very good and not even dark mode at this point this app is just a joke , it crashed my phone more than 4 times , when a lot of ppl are chatting in a groupchat it won't even let me go in and the app won't load its so bad",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2046,prakhar singh parmar,"January 6, 2023",Please add support for .heic format as soon as possible. Gallery filter aren't able to read heic formay pic currently and failing to adapt this efficient file format is a very lackluster behavior from your side.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2047,Sylvester Bill Nyarkoh,"December 14, 2022","snapchat? an app way better than other apps. i love it but the problem is that, why should camera come first anytime the app is opened? it weird tbh and the fact that i can't search for a user recorded sound of my choice but rather management feeds me with sound 😒",0,4,snap_chat
2048,Arsh,"January 5, 2023",I'm having a login issue in my device and my friends are too.... I've reported for lik a million times.. And still don't get a response... I'm gonna lose my streaks... Its a week now and i still cant access my snap chat! Please fix this issue right away!!,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2049,Ariadne Cuello,"January 4, 2023","I would rate it A five but my camera isn't working when i facetime people i tried already so many things i tried restarting my phone, uninstall it and install it again ,refresh snap,make a new acc, basically everything and it's still not working i really need help bc it's a black screen and its like loading even when i have good internet idk what's going on it's so weird. :/",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2050,Lunar Blood,"January 11, 2023",This is a great app for texting and calling my friends. The only problem I have is that the bright white background hurts my eyes alot and as a galaxy A71 5G user I find it very annoying that dark mode is not a option for android users.,8 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2051,Maharishi Patil,"January 18, 2023",The recent upgrades have been significantly helpful and very effective but as a suggestion I would ask you all to bring the dark mode option for Android phones as well.,112 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2052,Samdangers,"December 20, 2022","This app is great if you can get past the features it's missing compared to it's iphone counter part, except it's not missing any of them, they're all behind a pay wall, as soon as dark mode become free this review will become 4 stars because other then what I said I think Snapchat is a good platform",38 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2053,Oceanos Azul,"December 16, 2022","I liked this app when it didn't have ""Shorts"", and a terrible ""Discover page"" filled with stupid gossip and thumbnails. I don't care about any of those things. Wish I could hide them forever.",0,1,snap_chat
2054,Shankar Prajapati Official,"December 18, 2022","It is the best app for chatting and sending photos or videos. However, Im having an issue that after sometimes my Snapchat doesn't get open only the camera option is available and nothing is visible. Please fix this issue",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2055,Stephanie,"January 5, 2023","I used to like Snapchat, then I discovered the other side of it. I'm not ok with all the immoral bs that's allowed there. Women are advertising live sex videos and sending links to random men that lead to Snap sex, and Twitter. This isn't supposed to be allowed, but it continues everyday. I seldom log in there anymore.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2056,Ur Cappin,"January 25, 2023","sometimes the app wont let me click on anything it acts like im holding instead of tapping, sometimes i will click on someone to text them and it will take like 10-15 seconds for it to go in the chat which isnt a big problem but its annoying",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2057,Adam Gronlie,"December 17, 2022","I turned off notifications because I used to only get notified with current new snaps from friends. Then it started bombarding me with too many notifications about people stories, so I turned them off. STOP ASKING TO TURN THEM BACK ON!!!",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2058,Wr41th,"December 20, 2022","App is glitching HARD since I updated. It randomly closes, deletes the snap I was trying to post/send, and won't add things to my story. Can you just undo whatever you did that made this app suck?",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2059,Elizabeth Durrin,"December 10, 2022",I like the app but they added a new feature that constantly notifies you of people you know and filters to try. Like 15 to 20 times a day it's driving me insane,0,2,snap_chat
2060,Sakura lindley,"December 24, 2022","Really love it but idk why all of the sudden like tiktok and other apps u have to pay for snachat+ know and my mom was thinking on getting it for me then she seen how much it was then she was like ""get it when u can pay for it yourself."" Like year I get it too its very overpriced but over all I really love it",7 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2061,Barry Dixon,"January 1, 2023",I keep getting a list of people I don't know being displayed when I go into add chats. I try to delete them but next time I go into this page they are there again. I would really like them to go away permanently.,0,1,snap_chat
2062,Nugget lover,"January 9, 2023","It's a really good app, Really would recommend. Snapchat premium works fine and smoothly. One thing you could add is too see people half swipe when paid for the membership. Good job on the App 👍🏼",23 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2063,Rimsha Imam,"January 1, 2023","I would like to say that it is an excellent app every feature of editing picture, giving sound to your videos, etc. Very excellent service 👌",16 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2064,Keli,"January 12, 2023","With the newest update, why in a snap is there a dark grey slide tab on the bottom, but the slide doesnt have any motions to interact with it? Its just the same as before.",0,4,snap_chat
2065,Raj Raushan,"December 24, 2022","The best thing about Snapchat is its memories features, it saves every memory that I record. I love this function along with one of the best video call quality that they provide.",59 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2066,Alaysha Lambert,"December 19, 2022","I always get kicked out of the app while trying to take photos and talk to friends, i end up having to uninstal and restal the app, its very annoying and time consuming.",13 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2067,Gerald Meyers,"December 25, 2022","Don't like this app, never really have to be honest. I don't like how this app constantly has porn-bots harassing men. I don't like how this app construction makes annoying notifications. I don't like how this app refuses to open the camera fast enough to get a good picture nor goes to the right camera to do so, I don't take selfies and if I do, I'll tap the selfie button. Also I hate these pop-ups that this app makes to sell garbage Snapchat services. The ads suck. This isn't a porn app so why?",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2068,Girish Suthar,"January 16, 2023","Dear team snapchat, App is nice. But ... I have facing a problem in my snapchat app. I am not able to send a friend request to my friend account. When I click on the 'send friend request ' button it doesn't respond. Please help me",0,4,snap_chat
2069,Papa,"January 14, 2023","What's up with the view profile and share ibuttons covering videos where subtitles are present. Due to this, you can't reaf and see what's written at the bottom of the screen or videos.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2070,Millie Schumann,"December 21, 2022",The app just got 10x worse after the subscriptions. It lags like 100% of the tile and the text in photos dissapears. It's disappointing,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2071,Jasmeen Kaur,"December 28, 2022",It was working good . But from some days it is hanging like it is showing that we have received message but when we open it shows nothing after 3 - 4 tries the message opens . plz resolve my issue 😟,0,3,snap_chat
2072,Lily S,"December 27, 2022","I love snapchat, but a couple days ago I logged out to log into my family members' account because they asked and when I tried logging back in it said ""error occurred"" then deleted my account from the easy login then said my right passwords was wrong I kept changing it apparently your correct password is wrong now! Now it's saying my mobile number is invalid! My life revolves around snapchat. I NEED it. PLEASE FIX THIS NOW!!!!!! I never been so furious in my life about an app but I've had enough",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2073,Kj Trujillo,"December 19, 2022",Everything is glitching now and kicking me out of calls randomly and just out of the app it don't load my photos from snap it just kicks me out even tho I e.have really good data and wifi it's been like this on the last 2 phones I have gotten I been thinking it's my phone but I know it has to be Snapchat itself can you please fix the issue I have had Snapchat since 2018 and it's been fabulous now it's not,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2074,Jacob Zokale,"December 18, 2022","My problem with this app is the fact that it shows the person I'm chatting with everything I do in our chat. It's not necessary. When I screenshot or save a video/photo in a chat, the other person doesn't have to know 😡😡😡😡",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2075,J San,"December 8, 2022",Fails to load sporadically. Doesn't work on PC. Picture quality sucks. I can't zoom in on photos in the chat or memories feature like iphone users can.,36 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2076,mars_chan,"January 14, 2023",i don't like that you can't use a photos or images from your camera roll to make as your pfp and that it's limited to your bitmoji. another thing i don't like is it's kinda confusing to navigate when it's your first time using snapchat.,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2077,Kaden Claflin,"December 21, 2022",I am beyond irritated with the most recent update....since the release of the latest update Snapchat has been running so slow I can't even send my streaks. Snapchat is running so slow and bad with the update that I can't even report it in the app itself.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2078,Alpha,"December 24, 2022",It's really fun to use to talk with friends and meet new people but there are bugs like how the pinned emoji won't show and how the app will start to be very slow after awhile,4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2079,Nicole Lee,"December 11, 2022",Over all the apps good but I keep having problems with my camera. It flicker and will glitch out of the app. Also I think android deserves dark mode too since iOS has it .,0,4,snap_chat
2080,Christine Williamson,"December 20, 2022",Good app however I find that the location tracking is unsafe and the ads are not suitable for children which the app is aimed at. Alot of adult based content in the adverts and stories shown which is unsuitable for children to watch.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2081,Sword Idk,"January 11, 2023",For some reason I can't snap or text this one person I tried logging out and even deleted the app and redownload it I still can't. It shows we're still friends and they're on my bsf list so idk what's up.,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2082,Raymond Allen,"January 18, 2023",So snapchat deleted 2 accounts of mine all with photos on from my nan ect that I backed up onto snap now it says permanently deleted and now when I try sign up for a new account it comes up unusual activity and won't let me sign up for it nothing but problems and photos lost that I can never get back!!! 😡,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2083,Lukijan Strebchuk,"December 30, 2022","Keeps crashing on me, or randomly becoming non responsive for very short periods of time. Happens several times a day.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2084,sundar Krishnun,"January 17, 2023",The interface is very confusing and the messages take time to get going. The videos on the stories take a very long time,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2085,Stephen Redmon-Byrum,"January 11, 2023","All day long all I get is notifications about ""person"" has added you on Snapchat or ""Person"" is a suggested friend on Snapchat and they're just all these random bots and people in random countries that I do not know. It's just constantly spamming me with junk.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2086,Phoebe Ward,"January 14, 2023","My friend keeps on getting sent women showing their butts to her on the app. She's at the point where she posted a story saying the phrase ""I may aswell just end my life now"" She hasn't added any of the women back nor subscribed to them. Please fix this",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2087,Daniel Robinson,"January 13, 2023","THERE ARE SO MANY ADS WHEN WATCHING STORIES! Holy geez. 15 seconds of videos, 5 seconds of forced, unskippable ads. It makes the platform unusable.",6 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2088,Sayma Malik,"January 1, 2023",Its a very good aap for clicking pictures. Also has good filters . But sometimes stops automatically and start after a while.?,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2089,coucou otaku,"December 26, 2022",Please fix the problem of the flash.... When i turn it on ...it works on the first video or photo ...and then it doesn't in the second....and after that it does the same one by one.....fix it all please and thank you,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2090,Ishan Somawat,"December 7, 2022",It is really a good-to-use app. The only thing I would suggest is Dark Theme option. As Dark Theme enables the user to use the app at night with a low light which would feel good to the user's eyes.,7 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2091,Rajesh jangid,"December 11, 2022",It's good app. We can take photos from filters and we can see spotlight whenever we are bored and a interesting feature about snapchat is that it have snapscore.. We can increase our snapscore by sending snaps. And also have streaks..,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2092,Hunter Anderson,"December 22, 2022","It is a great app to keep in touch with friends and family. But they update the app daily I swear when there is nothing wrong with it, plus they will block accounts just because it sounds fun",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2093,Tahrima Ali,"December 17, 2022","May I ask why snapchat is not working on Samsung 22? It keeps crashing and not working when I use snapchat on S22. Because there's a bug in snapchat? That's really strange because I use snapchat on Samsung S9. It was working fine, but it's not working on S22 since it's updated and its new S22. So I am curious when you sorting that 'bug thing' on snapchat..... so disappointing of this new thing.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2094,Shauna,"January 2, 2023",This app is amazing but the reason I'm giving it 3 stars because you can't get dark mode on Samsung I would love for them to add this in a further update over all its a good app I just really want dark mode I will just make texting betting not having a very bright light always on when I'm texting,0,3,snap_chat
2095,Misty Himes,"December 21, 2022",I can't access Snapchat at all. I get notifications but every time I open it I get a pop-up that says I have to allow access to my storage but when I grant it the app still won't open. I'm going to uninstall. I shouldn't have to allow access to my phone storage.,0,1,snap_chat
2096,Camille Keller,"December 30, 2022","The constant updates to ""fix bugs"" are just making more bugs and constantly having to uninstall n reinstall due to the bad lag and freezing.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2097,Tom Payton,"December 16, 2022","Overall good, but recently I have not been able to view my friends messages and I can't send or view snaps I have to uninstall and reinstall the app for it to work for a short amount of time",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2098,Style Angel,"January 3, 2023","I have to download it and undownload it because sometimes snap doesnt work anymore for me its not that big of an issue but it needs to be worked on. And sometimes i dont get a notification if someone sends me a chat, it gets frusterating sometimes",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2099,David La Volpa,"January 24, 2023","First give us darkmode. Also, why are you obliterating my camera quality? It used to be pretty good but with every update it just goes down hill. Unfortunately the majority of people I talk to use this so it's pretty hard to escape the Snapchat shackles. Get rid of the borders around my camera and leave it how it was. Does your team even read the reviews?",31 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2100,Estela Bravo Soperanes,"January 17, 2023","When I move this app to the SD card, the app immediately stops working. I also try to add new friends and it doesn't let me add some ppl. So weird.",5 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2101,Muhammad Abbas,"December 22, 2022",This app is so amaizing but a lot of mistakes are there in app that when we open a filter that works amaizing and taking beautiful vedios and pics but after some days those filter which we have been opened could not work please ...,3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2102,______,"January 14, 2023","Recent update ruined the camera size. The camera area is now smaller than it used to be, meaning all of the snaps have a weird black bar at the top? The app is fullscreen so this shouldn't be happening lol..",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2103,Louise Noone,"December 18, 2022",Creating a hyperlink when I use a fullstop followed by an emoji. Have updated several times since and it's still happening. Very buggy.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2104,Alveena,"December 30, 2022","Good, but the buffering is annoying, especially when it logs me out for no reason. Fix this please. ABSOLUTELY NOT GOOD! All it does is take me out! Buffers! DOESN'T LET ME TYPE A MESSAGE! 😡😡😡😡 FIX THIS PLEASE",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2105,Aasha Mishra,"January 14, 2023","I love it! And it's fabulous 🤩 We can communicate with friends and family members, also it's totally private! We can try amazing filters and make groups and we can call and Video call too! I love this!! 💓",45 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2106,Jace Dobbs,"January 12, 2023",I love snap but every once and a while it says updating messages for a whole day meaning I have to uninstall it cause the updates don't fix it and reinstall it and I've had to do this about 15 times that's the only problem with the app in my opinion,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2107,Daisy,"December 9, 2022","Its 2022, almost 2023. Make a dark mode for Android its not that damn hard. Even the banking apps have it, like it's just a joke at this point. Great app but horrid for night talking / if you have light densitivity bc of how bright it is.",0,3,snap_chat
2108,Roshana Parekh,"January 2, 2023",This app is really nice but there's a problem. Whenever I try to make my bitmoji it shows a white screen I don't know why this is happening... I even updated it so plz fix this issue!!,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2109,Jagdish Singh Kaliraman,"January 10, 2023",This app is amazing for sure but 1 issue is there that we can't add songs of our choice. Plz do provide an option to add songs of our on choice. 👍🏻,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2110,Aarti Pingale,"January 22, 2023","I can't login to my ACC from 2 days...i usually login with OTP bcuz i don't remember my password and snapchat doesn't allow me to change it, it says ""suspicious number...."" And from 2 days I'm not recieving the OTP and it says that due to repeated attempts or other unusual activity, communication to this phone/email is temporarily disabled. Please try again later"" i think i must have lost my streaks",0,1,snap_chat
2111,Shenika Smith,"December 23, 2022",I've just updated the app through playstore and as soon as I logged in my screen has been stuck on the camera screen I cannot click on anything at all or logout. Please fix this immediately,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2112,Amina Manzoor,"December 14, 2022","I love the app personally and love how it gives videos but why did I never gave it a full mark? The reason is that I can not pause the videos, find the right people I want to add and some of the filters won't work",0,3,snap_chat
2113,daniel quinnell jr,"January 7, 2023","Can't watch stories anymore because the stupid bitmojie reactions pop up and block the story. Snapchat, if you're going to be an app all about sharing pictures and videos, don't block the pictures and videos with stupid stuff.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2114,Tioluwanimi Adesola,"January 1, 2023","I really like the app mostly because of its features. However, recently, one of my subscriptions has been glitching. I complained about it on the app but I'm yet to get any feedback.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2115,RedSaDaDude,"January 12, 2023","I've never had an issue with snapchat, but I've just realized that everyone snap I view has a bottom portion of it blocked. I'm curious to know if there is any way to disable this feature.",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2116,Michelle Lunar,"January 9, 2023","The app is great its just one thing that kinda bugs me, you can't select people. For example I want to delete a lot of friends and instead of me just selecting them and removing them I gotta remove them individually. Pls fix this I have a lot of friends to remove.",5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2117,Amber Oneal,"January 4, 2023","Apps amazing but 1 star so u see this how do I enter my notifications history on this app I accidentally closed out a notification saying ""(someone) sent a snap Abt me to another person."" I really need to know what they said it's very serious!!! Pls!!!",0,1,snap_chat
2118,Joanna Comstock,"January 22, 2023","After updates form both Snapchat and my phone, I've had issues saving my snaps into my device gallery, even old snaps. They were all removed.. I have all permissions accepted everywhere. No idea why I'm not seeing any of my saved snaps.",0,3,snap_chat
2119,Adriana V,"December 14, 2022",Doesn't work at all. Im unable to click anything at all on the screen. Unable to swipe or even take pictures with this last update.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2120,Callmeh Tokyo,"January 19, 2023","I gave it a 4 star because everything has been great, except one thing. Everytime I use the camera it glitches and the screen freezes, so I couldn't take any pictures on snapchat recently.",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2121,dark souls,"January 18, 2023",İt is a great app. İ can chat and send snaps tomy friends and other . The reason i gave it a 4 star because when i open change outfit it doesnt open a white screen appears . Overall its a great app.,13 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2122,Raina Malik,"December 21, 2022","I'm having some serious problem here. I'm not able to use the application after continuing with the new privacy policy, and I don't know what to do. I have to uninstall the app, and reinstall it to use my account. And after some time, the app asked me to continue with the new policies, and it's stuck again.",5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2123,Haley Youngblood,"January 15, 2023","Good app, but had a few issues with the camera but other than that, good in general no ads has a reels thing I absolutely love, and added a snap plus for cheap.",15 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2124,Elaina Yuen,"December 10, 2022",Location tracking is not as accurate compared to Zenly app. And having to open the app just to update user's location is quite troublesome.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2125,Eve Van,"January 2, 2023","the notification system is annoying. it will literally make new notification settings for people you never talk to, that you manually have to turn off.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2126,Lauren Hawks,"December 27, 2022","It's always glitching out on my phone, I can't do anything with it now, it's sitting tryna uninstall but isn't doing anything but sitting there. I've basically lost my main source of communication now. Thanks Snapchat",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2127,cody garner,"January 11, 2023","WHY WITH THE NEW UPDATE! It is so ugly with the different bar on the bottom, it takes up WAY too much of the screen and gets rid of the full camera view. IT IS THE WORST VISUAL UPDATE EVER!!!!",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2128,Jayden,"January 21, 2023",I like how they added the pin feature but dark mode would really help my eyes are sensitive to bright lights and I really don't want to have to turn my brightness all the way down,0,4,snap_chat
2129,Jordan Grogan,"December 16, 2022",Its a good app but what pisses me off is all the unnecessary notifications. I don't need to know that some random person who I don't know is on Snapchat or that I haven't seen someone's story. If I wasn't getting these I'd give more stars.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2130,shyam singh,"December 8, 2022",I have been using this app since 3 years it's a pretty good app but yesterday I lost some of my snaps they were very important to me they are not there in the memories too I have report them but nothing fixed. I beg you to solve my problem except this thing it's a nice app,0,3,snap_chat
2131,Corbin Tenorio,"December 9, 2022",It's a good app. I mean it works. I do really wish that they would rewrite some of the code to optimize it for Android devices(which have more devices on market btw). Will update review when they do.,0,3,snap_chat
2132,Rashmi Ranjan Jena,"December 17, 2022",Hello snapchat!! My snapchat app is up to date but my friends are not able to save my snaps my chat & after trying so many ways also it can't be fixed. This new problem has started from some days with lots of people. please help me with this 🙏,0,3,snap_chat
2133,marina,"January 3, 2023",I have downloaded to my PC and it will not open it keeps shutting down in seconds. it has actually only worked one day of me attempting it all other times it has failed.,6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2134,Riley Kent,"December 27, 2022",I've tried multiple times on allowing my camera and updating the app but it still won't let me access my camera to send snaps. I don't know what to do anymore because I've tried everything.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2135,Kayleigh Davenport,"December 21, 2022","It's a great app to use to talk to friends, and meet new people. But whenever someone and I video chat, it will mess up, and I have to reset it.",47 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2136,Jenna Jarrell,"January 17, 2023","The app has recently updated and now my front flash is an oval. When I try to turn it to take a picture it covers everything but my eyes. Please fix this Snapchat, I don't like how it does that. I love using Snapchat but the new update is not it bc of that so please change it back.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2137,Soup Boy,"December 22, 2022",It's critical to use the app with full of bugs.Still i can't recover my snaps during August and September (year 2021).My memories are dying in this app. Please help me recover the snaps ASAP.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2138,Zach Joy,"January 24, 2023","Freezes every time I try to change video filter. Once frozen, video continue to play but unable to save or change filter",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2139,Hadassah Pillay,"January 5, 2023","This app is a great app, but it keeps saying ""something went wrong"" whenever I try to add someone. I updated it, cleared the cache and rebooted my phone.Nothing is working. PLEASE HELP!. I cannot add anyone now",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2140,bro talk extreme,"December 26, 2022",It is good for keeping in touch with people and making things more clear the only problem I have is when I block somebody they're still stuck at the top of my chat list and my friend says I have 25 new people that accepted me on Snapchat but unfortunately it's all people have already added back,4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2141,What's a hell? hell,"January 9, 2023","Why when you try to put the date of an old snap in memories is the only option todays current time and date? Stop trying to be Tiktok and focus on being Snapchat. Easy to remix a snap, but literally no one wants to do that...",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2142,Vontimmias Decole Fields (Dancinthrupain),"January 17, 2023","It's perfect for an extrovert that likes to contact people and limit spam because those individuals are willing to show their true self. Currently I have some women on Facebook who trying to convince me that not video chatting is right? I just got hacked, is she got to be crazy. I love Snapchat big facts",4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2143,Samantha 1010212,"December 8, 2022",after changing my password the app wouldnt let me log in anymore and ive tried everything restarted my phone multiple times and reinstalled the app multiple times have no way to fix this problem and maybe its just my phone but Snapchat had been working perfectly fine before even if i changed the password,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2144,Allie Gibson,"January 18, 2023","The new update is extremely unsafe, being able to click on someone's location and finding out where they are down to the address. Did anybody think that through?",0,1,snap_chat
2145,Faith moses,"January 17, 2023","Annoying, and with time you can't play some of you videos on the app, it keeps showing 'something went wrong '. So pissed!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2146,Elle'ana Fields,"December 15, 2022","Its good but sometimes when i open it and message someone it will show that they sent me something and i didn't know. Also i had to delet it and re download it because it was frozen couldnt go to chat, couldnt switch camera, and couldnt even switch accounts",0,4,snap_chat
2147,Heather Garrette,"December 22, 2022",The new update keeps crashing my snap.....My Boyfriend texted me on discord yesterday and said his snap was acting up. Then mine started acting up. All my friends are saying they cant use it and have to delete it and download it again... What is the issue??🙁🤨,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2148,Bunty Sanghera,"January 4, 2023",I am not satisfy with new update of this application because now I am unable to use the voice changer and this is really a bad thing and I think Snapchat should change and return us that option that we can enjoy each video clip but it is obvious that the new update of this kind has made all users disappointed,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2149,JL Lahey,"January 11, 2023",My snap just updated and now it shuts off every time I tap the chat function. I can't respond to any one or even tell them that I am not intentionally ghosting them. Fix this and I will change my rating.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2150,GodSlayer AMVS,"January 6, 2023",Constantly crashing on my fold 4 and if i send my friends an snap i have too shut the phone too use it or my friends say what ive sent is oversized and they cant tell what ive sent them .... and if i try viewing anyones story i get an message pop up on my phone saying the app has an bug .....,5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2151,Felicia Pivaral,"January 7, 2023",This app is the best Snapchat you can text call audio call your friends and make some new friends on there and you can also look at their map to know where they are I love this app so much!,14 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2152,L Hill,"December 27, 2022",This really helps me me when I need to text a friends!! I would recommend and it's not really bad as long as you don't add random dudes or girls back!!,12 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2153,Zabad Baluch,"December 30, 2022",I am having an issue with my story settings i have chosen my story setting as friends only but it is changing by itself on everyone and other snapchatters are viewing my stories even though i am changing setting to friends only again but stilll other snapchatters are viewing my stories. Why and how.....?????? Why my settings are changing on their own??????,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2154,Mitali Narang,"December 22, 2022",I have submitted many bug report for camera problem. It always shows camera not working if I use camera after seeing any story or message and I have sent many screenshots for that but I get no solution from Snapchat at all it's been months already.,10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2155,Moaaz Khalifa,"December 12, 2022","I have notifications set to messaging only for snaps, chats and best friends messages but I'm still getting adverts for random shows or snap stories that I'm not even following. Fix your notifications!",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2156,Kylee Stars,"December 30, 2022","It would be cool if there was a record for calls, like something that says how long the call went on for and the date, even a ""call book"" or a ""call page"" would be cool to keep track of how long I've called someone",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2157,Dylan Feliciano,"December 31, 2022",Please stop advertising to me on the top of my chat list. At least give me the option to move it. I don't want Snapchat+ or whatever else you have to offer. One star until it's fixed.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2158,arslan choudhary,"January 12, 2023",Very pathetic tech support from Snapchat very disappointed I'm facing a bug for almost 4 weeks and had complained many times but didn't get any response nor bug been fixed yet. I will not recommend installing it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2159,Isaac Flage,"January 12, 2023","Whenever i open the app snaps and messages take about 10-15 seconds to load, which is obviously not ideal for a communication app. Plus no dark mode",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2160,Nevin Styre,"January 21, 2023",Stop Spam friend requests! The ridiculous amount of spam onlyfans bs bot friend requests I get has been increasing exponentially lately even after changing settings to be removed from quickadd and search by phone #. I ain't gonna stay on snap much longer if it keeps up.,0,1,snap_chat
2161,Clay Babers,"January 1, 2023","Updated version sucks. It takes hours for text messages to even go through. Please fix this. If it don't get fixed, I WILL be deleting this app!",0,1,snap_chat
2162,Bridgid O'Connell,"January 7, 2023",Since 2 days ago my snapchat has been very slow. It takes a minute for my notifications to pop up and a minute for my snaps to send. Pressing anything takes forever to load.,356 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2163,Michael Mocny,"January 20, 2023",I would give this higher stars but it doesnt run on chromebook. As i tried downloading it and when i tried to run the app it kept on crashing. PLEASE FIX BUGS!!!!,8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2164,Mike Arthurs (Orunj),"January 9, 2023",Still no dark mode 1/9/23 Old review 5/21/21 Dropping a star since there is still no dark mode! Most apps do now days. Nice app but needs a dark mode! Its hard on the eyes and decreases battery life with the glaring white screen. Will update when added...,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2165,the simp called hollie,"January 1, 2023","Love it, great way to talk to friends. Don't like the fact Samsung/android users can't change background colour from black to white, or white to black.",17 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2166,Nadia Ahad,"December 8, 2022","My phone (google pixel 6a) keeps turning off everytime I open Snapchat. I have tried clearing cache, force stopping the app, uninstalling and reinstalling the app but it still keeps happening.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2167,Cristian Soto,"December 9, 2022",Everything is good but what ruins it is that you can only see a photo once and you only get to watch a video they send 2 times bc of the replay please add that you can watch stuff over and over,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2168,Sukur Mir,"January 10, 2023",It is a one of my favourite app 🙂❤️ I've always used it......it enjoys me a lot it's so funny 🤣 app ever ❤️ but i like the chat means the keyboard system the stickers I never rate a app first time I give stars to snapchat because this is the one of app who didn't plays ad and through app you can communicate with your friends 🤗 and family,22 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2169,TJ Hickey,"January 19, 2023",No dark mode? It's 2023. Used snapchat for years and they actively thwart people's attempts to bring a basic feature to the app. I send in an app suggestion once a week to request dark mode. Easy 5-star review is ready to go once we get it.,0,1,snap_chat
2170,Afreen Saiyad,"January 11, 2023","I would like to give only two stars because I'm complaining for 3 months that I still don't get the insight option for my public profile and still I'm having lots of subscribers and that's really worst bug I've spotted, please fix it, I might change my reviews, if you do that",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2171,Shreyoshee Maudgullya,"December 22, 2022","I have saved two videos of 1 min in my Snapchat memories. When i tried to download them it showed downlod failed, then my acc got logged out. I logged in again and saw that my two videos were deleted automatically. Poor service.",0,1,snap_chat
2172,Ritika Upadhyaya,"December 17, 2022",It was good...but then when I open my account on another phone then again on my phone...all the photos and videos disappears and that really sucks...u need to fix this issue ...as quick as possible :),1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2173,Matthew Needham,"December 18, 2022",The amount of people pushing their sexual content is really annoying. I keep getting random people adding me trying to push their OnlyFans and Premium. It's gone downhill over the years.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2174,Khushi Rangari,"January 25, 2023",Please fix my problem. Whenever I open snapchat after 5 second it goes off.. And it continues repeating. Please fix this... I write any msgs and it off by 5 second. All my data goes vanished. I m just get frustrated.. Plz fix on that.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2175,Keena Taree,"January 1, 2023","Last 3 days the app has crashed. Can't recieve, send or open snaps. Noone is seeing stories. Have reported and everytime I report a bug, the app gets worse.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2176,Darbi Pritchard,"January 10, 2023",I love this app. So much. This app let's me know whenever someone has added me and there is one thing that I no longer like abt snapchat. I HATE how u guys chanced it to where we can no longer delete chats nd do nothing wit the chats but swipe to reply to that certain message.,6 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2177,ALND Barware,"January 13, 2023","This application is very wonderful. I love the snap, but I hope you add a feature. Let's see who we are together, replay it on our story",5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2178,Naveen Kumar,"January 4, 2023","My friend shared on pic to share in the snapchat it somewhat blur but when I shared that pic as per their community guidelines they temporarily blocked my account I lost all the contacts, when I try to create new account it's throwing me error im not able create the account also worst app development they didn't given me help page to communicate and clarify my doubts also",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2179,Peter Wilson,"January 18, 2023","It was all fine at first everything worked, but now I can't open chats or block anyone. Pls fix your app. And I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling and that didn't work",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2180,Angel Rose,"December 17, 2022","Sometimes I had to download it and then re download it JUST to view a message because nothing was loading. Edit: had to download it 3 times today because nothing was showing up, my internet was great and every other app was loading besides snapchat",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2181,Collin Metzger,"December 22, 2022",So many fake spammy accounts of females wanting sex. They really need to improve their bot tracking software because over the past 2 weeks I've blocked over 12 accounts that wanted to be friends and their first message is a link to porn chat room. Really step it up and start fixing this,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2182,Hailey G,"January 7, 2023",I enjoy using snap. Just lately it will completely glitch and won't let me use it at all. Ive tried uninstalling and reinstalling multiple times and it still won't work. Fix this asap pls. Ty,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2183,person,"December 18, 2022","ive had lags lately, especially when it comes to chatting. of corse, there are other issues. theres a camera bug and a typing bug and i think you should up the android fairness to apple.",12 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2184,Shayne C,"January 23, 2023","App barely works, so much useless discover clickbaits videos. Way too much ads especially between friends/discover stories.. Good job snapchat developers. You're surely doing a great job 👍",0,1,snap_chat
2185,Peter Bailey,"January 17, 2023",WAAAAAAY TOO MANY ADS. THEY'RE EVERY 30 SECONDS. LITTERALLY. THEY ARE EVERY 30 SECONDS. BS. I can't even follow the content because of the CONSTANT interruptions. Screeeeeew these absolute sellouts.,6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2186,Chad Thomas,"December 8, 2022","Good app, but terrible support. Has a tap to load glitch that is nearly unsolvable and you cannot get a hold of snap inc. at all for info.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2187,Shivam,"January 22, 2023","It's nice that this app has filters but when I click on some old snaps they couldn't appear fully and it shows "" Something went wrong "" . Plz fix this problem",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2188,Kenton Dumont,"January 14, 2023","I have to uninstall the app, everytime I shut my phone down for the night. I will load it up and no messages will load I can send them but I am not able to read my friends.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2189,B Dor,"January 23, 2023","Don't ignore it for too long, or you'll be spammed with multiple notifications about people you don't care about using Snapchat. I've been alerted about my dead dad twice and my ex's old friend 4 times in the last 2-3 hours.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2190,Thomas Miller,"December 26, 2022","It keeps breaking and I cant do anything and I constantly have to delete and re-install it, like honestly why is this a thing when we have instagram, and it keeps slowing down. This app used to be nice but it sucks now.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2191,Akanksha _.,"December 17, 2022",It's good app I m so happy after using this app Even there are so many filters but there should be some more options ! There are not so much songs for videos!,0,3,snap_chat
2192,Varun Butte,"January 18, 2023",It's good but need to fix some bugs like its showing 52(any number) friends added everytime you enter the app and filters can be developed a little bit more,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2193,Nkechi Emelike,"January 16, 2023","After updating my Snapchat, I couldn't find the snaps I took in January, 2023. I took some snaps last week but I can't find them again. I'm not happy at all. Please what I can I do to recover those snaps? I really need them. I need your feedback, please. Thank you!",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2194,helpfulkiller44,"February 18, 2023","It was a good app,but its been so buggy lately, i have to keep deleting and re-installing for snap to update my texts.",0,3,snap_chat
2195,Mathew Clark,"December 22, 2022",Whatever you did on on update is terrible. My Snapchat has never been slower. Just stuck on a frozen screen when you go to open a snap or take a video or anything.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2196,ama ris,"December 28, 2022",Very creative app. I can contact my friends easily with no struggles at all and it's very easy to use.,14 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2197,Pey,"January 24, 2023","Its the best messaging app in my opinion. The only thing i wih is that you could post and send longer videos. Other than that, its amazing!",4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2198,Ash_woo,"January 14, 2023","I love snapchat, but when recording a video with audio or just simply using an audio, it's always delayed. I upgraded to a better phone but its still the same :(",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2199,Mahek Shaikh,"December 18, 2022",Snap works very will but ita give problem form 4 weeks logout login automatically its getting logout solve this problem because its important otherwise its difficult to use it its a very good app i love using it n i enjoy lots to click pictures so i request u to solve the problem of automatically logout that i can enjoy it in more happy n memorable times i watch many things on it which is very nice i just want u people to solve the problem which i m getting for snap so i can use it happily again,0,3,snap_chat
2200,Ash Garland,"December 28, 2022","Had the ability to pin chats on android with Snapchat plus for all of a week. Updated the app and now it's gone, can't use the wallpaper feature either.",0,1,snap_chat
2201,beat god,"January 17, 2023","This app used to be fun, but now there are so many scam accounts that it is no longer fun to use. I've had 53 requests by scam accounts within a 12-hour period. Would adjust my rating if something was done about all the scammers.",0,1,snap_chat
2202,Prabh Kaur,"December 14, 2022",This has been a month now my snapchat is not working i ain't getting any features facility i can't send snaps not able to see my bitmoji even it seems like its freezed on a screen only only on camera to the front side if i m updating this app there's no difference also i am not able to delete it from my phone,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2203,Sad Oxi,"December 19, 2022","It was good until it started to allow Iphones to do alot more then Samsung. Samsung users have to buy a subscription to pin chats and access dark mode, while Iphones doesnt have to pay for anything and gets all of these benefits.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2204,Vishal Gandail,"December 15, 2022","Overall i give also 4 stars because this app is soo awesome ap ... In this app photoes are clicked very funnny , beautifull and also gorgeous pic really this app is vety funny and attractive app .... Thanks Snapchat is the app very important ...app in my phone .We can talk on any time with pur friends and also can do strikes with our freinds ,relative etc And also did videocall with clicking posses Ya this app is very very intersting app snap chat mean clicking snpa and sent to other friends.",16 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2205,AWEZ KHAN,"December 23, 2022","Too much ads and much more and more consumption of net i think, its a final rating ahead fix the bugs and all about voice after recorded a video there's no any options of changing the voice like kid,robotic, much more",0,1,snap_chat
2206,Kai Samad,"December 16, 2022","the fact that there's now snapchat+ with a bunch of useless features before we got something as simple as darkmode is infuriating. literally that is all we're asking for, not the things being thrown at us. listen to your users for once, PLEASE.",177 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2207,Danny,"January 14, 2023",Don't like that when I'm logging in and out that it suddenly stops working completely tonthe point I have to uninstall and reinstall it every time.,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2208,Lucas,"January 6, 2023",Snapshot for me is I'm a dyslexic so it's really hard for me to get into this stuff I know you're so many stuff that you do and a lot of negative stuff you can do that too obviously snapshot for a reason but I give it if four star five which has great pictures that you can become other things like animals or demons or just your fat grandma next door,0,3,snap_chat
2209,69 420,"January 21, 2023","My friends and I all posted a picture of us together on our own stories and my account was the only one that got disabled for it and being unable to sign back in or make a new account, and the support team has done absolutely NOTHING about it. 1 star.",0,1,snap_chat
2210,Jhaziyah Smith,"December 31, 2022","I love snapchat, it has its glitches, but the only thing I don't like is I have an Android, and I think that's why I can't use the translucent marker when I edit photos or use filters",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2211,Usman Shabir,"January 4, 2023",App keep crashing when you try to view list of multiple episodes. Even after uninstalling and installing again.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2212,Jennie Tao,"January 3, 2023",So I love Snapchat but the reason why I didn't put 5 stars is because it needs so updating videos longer than 60 seconds cannot be send to other people or edited and second the filters and not like before and third the app is glichting when you edit a photo or video so I would like if the owners of this app updates it,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2213,Greg Thomas,"January 1, 2023","I have all notifications turned off except for receiving snaps and calls and i constantly get recommended follows, like every time i look at my phone there's a new one.very annoying.",24 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2214,Dornu,"December 26, 2022",The app is extremely slow. It takes 2-3 seconds to perform an action after I've tapped on the screen,106 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2215,Adeline Myers,"December 8, 2022","I actually really like Snapchats functionality, but the 3d Bitmojis in recent updates are literally the worst idea anyone has had, they're all monstrously ugly and I'm considering moving to a different app just so i don't have to look at them",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2216,Kush Sharma,"December 24, 2022","I love this application so much and it is also one of the best application on play store but it has some problems such as 1-it consume a lot amount of data,2-it causes overheating of smartphone 3-it consume a lot amount of power also,ma cho premium is total waste",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2217,Pam,"December 25, 2022","Since I updated the app today the 25/12/2022. The cameos have stopped working, just a frozen pic, no moving 4 second clip. Loved them & disappointed that they are no more. Please look into this",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2218,Kinsley Brooks,"December 27, 2022","For some reason it isnt letting people save my snaps in chat even with no time limit and i dont know how to fix it, but overall its a great app and no problems!",0,4,snap_chat
2219,Rose Fox,"December 13, 2022",I've gotten into arguments with friends cause Snapchat deletes friends and then I try to add them and it doesn't go through. I can't even add new friends cause you doesnt send,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2220,jim brown,"January 16, 2023","I want to know how to change the ring flash to just the normal flash but when I click it, it says neutral and I cant change it for some reason. I do not like the ring flash at all.",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2221,Chelsea Keith,"December 21, 2022",Normally 5 stars but lately me and my house holds Snapchat has been buffering and won't load the stories we're watching we've never had this problem with our wifi and all out other apps are still working perfectly it's just Snapchat that's isn't working,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2222,Dustin M. Tobin,"December 24, 2022",Good app for communicating with my family. Has few things I don't get why it does or doesn't do em when i click on things and boots me from the app when I click recommended. But overall a pretty good app.,0,4,snap_chat
2223,Srishti Panwar,"December 25, 2022","I loved this app from years but now after updating this app, it freeze completely, only I can see is the camera. Neither I can see others' snap nor I can send mine. I'm literally hating this app now😑. Please fix it.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2224,Dollify,"December 14, 2022",My experience was great but please don't make the first filter a shrek one that makes noise. It just blasted out in this very quiet classroom and now I'm dying... Thank you :),0,4,snap_chat
2225,Dj Chrisy B,"December 17, 2022",Great app one thing that needs to 100% be added is that your snap score should increase even when messaging someone and I think that u should be able to get streeks from messaging people and they should be able to get onto ur best friends list from messaging loads aswell,11 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2226,Kids Hansen,"January 11, 2023",This is a really great app to communicate on but the only thing I wish is that they had the option to un add multiple friends instead of just one at a time.,22 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2227,leninpulinchottil,"January 16, 2023","It's a good app👍🏻. I like it very much💗. This app is so easy and funny to use it have camera, chatting facilities, calls, spotlight to see video such things it also have good filters🤩",24 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2228,shabir Shinwari,"January 1, 2023",This app is best! I gave four stars because i can only view my friends snaps one time and i don't like that. When they send me a snap i can only view it once please make it right please.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2229,Aanya Bist,"January 3, 2023",Great app for communication and picture clicking. Recently it has started to show ads after story . Which is quite annoying,3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2230,Erik K,"January 16, 2023","I updated my password and now whenever I try to log in the app crashes and closes. I've Un-installed, re-installed, restarted phone, tried it on wifi and my mobile data. I guess I'm SOL til snapchat gives another update",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2231,Dylan Arthur,"January 7, 2023",I love this app but it says that my access to my account is temporarily disabled. It has been saying this for a month. I can log into my account on another device but for some reason this one won't work. I don't understand why it's not working. You need to fix this.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2232,Platypus Person,"December 7, 2022",The new update with the 3D avatars on the left looks absolutely hideous. I've never seen an app make such an ugly change. Just bring back the 2D art.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2233,Rahul Raaz,"December 13, 2022",The worst social media app. Only keeps crashing and some of the data is also lost ones the app crashes . This is a great bug in snap .,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2234,Jayesh Maiyani,"December 8, 2022",Streaks are Worse and it becomes worst when they send blanks to maintain it. I'm requesting the developer team to make some arrangements so that users can get the idea whether the snap is only blank or really has something meaningful.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2235,Shankar N,"January 16, 2023",The last update was soo good that it has shortcuts on top even we are not sending snaps so that we can access it very quick.This is missing in new update actually I made a shortcut to see snaps whoever see my snapss so its making me harder to find everytime I wish to see snaps of them.So plz snapchat bring back asap that last update which includes it!,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2236,House Hm,"January 1, 2023",whats going on with snap chat.I cannot see my face in filters and without using filters its normal.but when i click to use any filter its becomes full blur fully bright.i have tell the help team ut they doesnot do any thing .what the heck!is going on.is anybody also have this issues or its just with me.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2237,Mukund K,"January 3, 2023","I had downloaded this and deleted it. Later when I downloaded it again and logged in it kept on crashing multiple times , even after clear cache, clear data and reinstalling. Pls rectify my isssue",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2238,Nate F,"December 20, 2022","The amount of spam is out of hand, and there's no way to tweet notifications to be alerted of friends messaging you without getting alerts from the spammers. I'm going to tell my friends to just sms until this gets fixed.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2239,B.K. Muni Pramoth Kumar G,"January 12, 2023","Actually the Snapchat is the most frequently used app by me nowadays, because I love to use that app, so far it is great, but I need something more like the costume of bitmoji. Basically i am a soutg Indian, as it is famous for traditional dress like they will say 'Vesthi', and 'Saree'. So can u add those costumes in the app, and also about the watches or bracelet for hand, and also jwellery like necklece, i hope u will reply to this feedback, all the best for the app team, love u guys.💯🥰",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2240,k i t t y,"December 31, 2022","Love the app, can be confusing at first but once you get used to the app I recommend it. One thing I dislike is how open the app is and strangers can just stalk (?) You.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2241,Nina Eklund,"January 23, 2023","This app has been around for so long, you can save past photos on it, contact your friends anyway you like even sending fun bitmojis you get to create as yourself!",17 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2242,Tyler Myatt,"January 25, 2023","Unable to disable notifications for random people adding you, which happens way too much. Really poor UI choice.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2243,Katzvielle R,"December 28, 2022","I have been using this app for a wile and there glitches where it say ""hold this to see the video again "" and it doesn't work. I should be able to see my own pix over and over seeing there mine",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2244,Luna Lavoy,"January 17, 2023","It's horrible to use on chromebook. When I'm trying to login, i can't see the letters, only colors. It won't react to anything I'm trying to do. Fix this please.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2245,Hassaan Ali,"January 10, 2023",It works good but sometimes it stucks in msgs... U can't send or recieve msgs. I have to reinstall app to fix it. Clear cache doesn't help solve this problem.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2246,Aakshra Thakur,"January 15, 2023",I really like ❤❤❤this app. Snapchat is a great way to communicate with friend and there are lots of filters to photos and selfies. But there is a problem that I couldn't see or track the location of my friends. So I gave 4stars ✳️✳️✳️✳️to this app.But this is a good app. 👍👍👍,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2247,Gabriella,"January 21, 2023",Snapchat will be the best app you will ever see it has Tik-Tok and you can even text and call and it'll let you stay on the phone for as long as you want and it will not shut off on you it will not do anyting it's fine there's no glitches or anyting it's the best app you will ever see I bet tiktok tiktok is better but I definitely know Snapchat is like the second best out of all of the apps because this has been an amazing experiments for me to discover Snapchat and I would definitely download,22 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2248,Rutva Desai,"December 18, 2022",Overall the app is good..I've been using this since 2017... everything was going good but now I'm not getting the location icon to mention the location...I also updated the latest version of snapchat..but in vein..,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2249,Aashna Salati,"January 16, 2023",This is great app. I just luved it 💜💜 I always play games with my friends and that is so mush fun😄. and also i loved the filters. And that's also good that v can make our own filter too. And also i have made some filters . But just i loved this app😍😇. This is one of my favourite app 😊😘.,45 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2250,L1lyxqqx,"December 25, 2022",I like this app. The filters are nice and the communication is easy. I like the stories I can see. I never had problems with this app on my android and overall recommend this app to everyone!,11 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2251,Ali Raza,"December 23, 2022",Dont know that whats happening.. I was trying for month to login and sign up but don't know that whay it's not accepting it and I have also tried so many times.. So my request from snapchat staff that please do corrections and make it good for users to start snapchat...,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2252,Minya Mustonen,"January 10, 2023","for all yall people that say ""oh! its too laggy"" or ""oh! the pictures are too wide!"" its probaly because you guys are using chromebook laptop so ofc its gonna laggy as heck, so i would reccomend to use a phone. btw this app is amazing.",0,5,snap_chat
2253,Saira Khurram,"January 5, 2023",Lately I have been facing an issue .it always asks for update and there's no option to skip it.and when ever it updates I'm not able to use it no option work's.plz sort this issue,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2254,Leah Morawski (Bear),"January 22, 2023",I hate the 3d avatars. It makes my bangs look weird and the poses are awful. There's barely any hair with bangs and the ONE that does have bangs looks weird. And there's way too many ads during the games,5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2255,Logan McAuley,"December 15, 2022",I love this app because you can add friends and go on calls with them you can even send pictures with filters on them and some are even funny definitely recommend the app 😁,13 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2256,Salauddin Nagarboudi,"December 11, 2022",One of the most biggest issue in this app is that we can't see our friends in which they had added their friends and 2nd issue is that we can't find our friends on this which is not in our contact and 3rd issue the last which is that features are to difficult to use,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2257,Zack Johnson,"January 12, 2023",New update doesn't fill the screen so now I have black borders and stupid box at the bottom. If I want to text back I wouldn't be sending snaps.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2258,Kahla Stallion,"January 22, 2023",It's great but the thing is..the bitmoji on our profile is terrible and ugly like..why would you do that?? I rather have our pictures back on there so people know what we look like just to be safe in general now its getting tricky 2022 and 2023 is about to get damn scary chile.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2259,Elizabeth Alate,"December 30, 2022","Since i updated rescently the app has been freezing , i cant take snaps or videos. It stops immediately i tap on the filters icon....very annoying",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2260,Mahi Jain,"December 20, 2022","When we take ss then Snapchat show ss to the next person this is so embarassing like if I would like than i will tell the next person naa,and the 2nd thing is sometimes when i opened my subscription stories than Snapchat shows it again and for the latest update i used to re-watch the stories this make me irrited 3rd thing is sometimes my snp was hang like hell 4th is e-mail I'd doesn't changed,5th is vanish mode is not available for Android 6th is Spotlight doesn't show on my profile",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2261,Hana Mahmoud,"January 7, 2023",My friend has her account on my phone and her tablet cause she isn't allowed to have snap in the first place we are both old enough for snap so that's not the issue the issue is sometimes when I log onto her account to respond to her streaks it kicks me out of both accounts and I have to delete and reinstall Snapchat can you please fix this,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2262,sadam AL-balushi,"January 17, 2023",Snapchat is a great app for sending quick pictures and videos to your friends. The app is very easy to use and the picture and video quality is excellent.,19 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2263,Graham McKain,"December 8, 2022",I constantly get notifications that friends have posted new stories. Open snapchat and have no way of seeing them. Why is this app so popular? Whenever I open it up I see a bunch of BS from people I dont know.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2264,Chase Adams,"December 20, 2022",The only thing is the face time needs to be fix. Because sometimes it freezes and after you go out of facetime and go back in it just loads,0,3,snap_chat
2265,0[_ Aralikeara _]0,"December 8, 2022","I give this app a 4 star,although the app has many great things like snap streaks,deleted chats after 24 hours, stories,spotlights, but what I dislike is that there are so many adds!! Please get rid of them PLEASE",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2266,Tyler Diven,"January 16, 2023","Honestly im just gonna share photos with family and friends, because every single girl Ive chat with are like freaking hookers. Sexting instead of casual nice to meet you chats. But ill keep accepting female requests because they're not all the same. And Ill just keep reporting and blocking those that sext instead of text.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2267,Maria Hussain,"December 16, 2022","For a couple of days, I'm unable to directly export/send snaps to Whatsapp. I use this feature a lot but now it just says null file. I worked fine till last week.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2268,Kai Mizaki,"January 12, 2023","Honestly, the only two complaint I have about this app, are the new 3D bitmojis, and the fact that there's no darkmode for Android. Other than that, great app!",0,4,snap_chat
2269,Dylan Payne,"December 24, 2022","Just let me get the regular flash back the ring flash is so bad, and I've looked everywhere with no option to get the regular front facing flash back.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2270,clinton emmanuel,"January 25, 2023",The Snapchat shortcut is having issues. I tried adding my friend but it's only adding 46 or less than that which I normally use. I tried installing and uninstalling the app but nothing is still working.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2271,shahid chougala,"December 15, 2022",After the new update I'm not able to send pictures or videos to WhatsApp which I had saved on snapchat. Please clear this issue as fast as possible.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2272,Devin Mitchel,"January 22, 2023",This app is awful. I googled the issue I am having to find out the camera lag is because Snapchat is simply designed poorly. This is apparently almost 5 years of the same garbage multiple phones same trash app.,0,1,snap_chat
2273,study or uni,"December 6, 2022","It was great at the start but with update its been 2 weeks i cant send request to anyone , it says something went wrong i have also reported the bug but there isn't any improvement still",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2274,Tree,"December 22, 2022",Last up date screwed it up!! I cant take a pic or send anything. The app freezes the moment you try to do anything. Tried uninstalling it and everything. Get it together snapchat please!!!!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2275,Vruddhi Vaigankar,"December 17, 2022","App is really good..but the only thing i need is dark theme... It becomes better for some people to have an application in dark mode...🙁 So,i request the developer to have the dark mode feature in this application🙂 Thank you ..✨",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2276,Qirat Abid,"January 2, 2023","After somedays app shows privacy policy continue option, i click on continue button and then it stop working and unusable then i have to reinstall the app. It's too irritating.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2277,Jeremiah Constien,"January 9, 2023",Snapchat is a great way to chat with friends and there's a lot of funny filters you fan use but there is a few bugs sometimes my snapchat will just stop working and my bitmoji will disappear and it'll just freeze so I update the app that don't work so I have to Uninstall it and reinstall it it's happend numer times,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2278,Jillian,"January 9, 2023","u cant look at any videos on Snapchat when you're on computer. Not only that but I can't even take any pictures bc of the horrible quilty, and the camera is upside down?? I tried to reset the app but that doesn't even work. Make this app better my god. so dumb.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2279,Priyal Soni,"December 18, 2022",My snapchat keeps getting logged out. Updating privacy policy message comes.After that it hangs. The screen is not working then.. And there is no dark mode available either,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2280,Trysten Johnson,"January 18, 2023","I no longer get notifications if someone calls or texts on snapchat, and it's made me stop using it. Please fix this. I would really appreciate it.",0,1,snap_chat
2281,Niranjan Kumar,"December 31, 2022",These day i have to install and uninstall this app repeatedly due to its privacy policy. When i cluck on the continue botton it stops working no touch works then. It is very irritating.,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2282,OAKRAH,"December 7, 2022","I could deal with the only 3d bitmoji being in my profile, but now it's just the default even when seeing someone's snap profile? Bring back 2d bitmojis, or at least allow me to revert back to 2d.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2283,Willus Barnicus,"January 11, 2023","Can't even open the app, Uninstaller several time, restarted phone, cleared catche, nothing. App crashes the instant I try to open it",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2284,Sarah Caldwell,"December 30, 2022","Fun, easy to use, fairly easy to use. Needs to work on privacy but is updating consistently.",6 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2285,Anthony Trivisonno Jr.,"December 28, 2022","Trying to run this on laptop, can't send snaps, can't add to story, can't sync phone numbers and email. Please fix.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2286,Rose,"December 18, 2022",So all of a sudden today 12-18-2022 everytime i to click on someone to message theres no messages there and when i hit send ir doesnt apear and i cant send any pictures either i can take them i just can send them so i dont know what is wrong with snapchat today but can u plase fix it.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2287,Jennifer Omobude,"January 11, 2023","This app is really good, but what I experience in it is that whenever I downloaded the app and sign in then I started using it will show up again that I should sign in again, that is what I normally experience in it, someone should please help me if you have any ideas of it thank you",3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2288,Aj Nye,"January 3, 2023","U know what snapchat is. It does snapchst things. However, the UI is terrible, and every notification i get is either from bots or team snapchat. It literally only exists as an annoyance on my device. Uninstalling.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2289,kylie soard,"January 13, 2023",The new camera sucks. I can't see myself when the flash is on and every time I move my phone to a different angle the flash moves with it. Worst upgrade ever.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2290,Jaden Culhane,"January 19, 2023","Whenever i click into the chat between me and my partner, my other friends name pops up instead of his. I've updated my snapchat, deleted the girls name that keeps coming up instead of his but it still keeps happening.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2291,babi maria,"January 14, 2023","Hi team!! kudos to the snap team for developing such a good app. I would like to add some more quality to this app by suggesting to provide dark mode option also to users. I'm not sure whether this option is already available or not, if it is available pls do comment below how to access it. Else , pls do try to develop it. Thanks!!!",80 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2292,Nishant Purohit,"December 26, 2022",I would appreciate everything on snapchat even I am a snapchat + member but the thing which lacks is the dark mode on snapchat Android. Being a snap + user I atleast expect a dark mode on Android which available for IOS users who dont even have snap +. I am sure all Android users who prefer dark mode in everything wants this facility. So I would request developers to include dark mode on Android. ( I will rate it 5 stars once you fulfill my request ).,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2293,Shiva Nani,"December 25, 2022",App was so good 👍 But in the snap one fault option there that was my eye folder we will forgot the password and try to recovery new password all the photos are automatically delete waste thing in this option please solve the problem I lost lot my important photos please tell me how to recover photos.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2294,Mujeeb Khaan,"December 7, 2022","Notification issues 2. Pleas add drafting feature, so that once you go back, your typed text does not vanish. 3. Please add night/black mode",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2295,PRASHANT SHARMA,"January 22, 2023",I'm new user of snap ..It's not good..!! I can't find my song quickly and their algorithm is not good ..most features not available in it ..it think snapchat should be update some features like other social media ..,0,1,snap_chat
2296,aatiqa Abrar,"December 6, 2022",I love snap chat just few options sometimes disturbs..kindly show auto save option n auto duscard option too..without clicking the both options so v can click pix continuously n without disturbance if in quick..plz fix camera orientation option bcz my daughters tab has d same orientation bug..3rd but nt the least plz intoduce an option of snapchat filters for phone cams too plz,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2297,A Google user,"December 19, 2022","Appauling app. Doesn't work and keeps closing out! Don't recommend it! And the develop contact suggested, is useless. Team ignores your request and complaints!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2298,Ikram Ulhaq,"January 5, 2023",While saving snap to camera roll scroll the chat to the bottom and it takes very hard to save multiple snaps... Please solve this bug.,0,1,snap_chat
2299,Sameer Khan,"December 12, 2022",Really disappointed by this app..I can't add any new friend and I have reported the issue many times on the app but still the issue has not been resolved.. I'm facing this problem from many months..,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2300,Brooklin Walker,"January 13, 2023",Love taking pics on this app but that's about it. My old Snapchat I had from 2015 to 2022 got deleted randomly and I lost all of my pictures and videos which alot of those weren't replaceable so I ain't a huge fan of snap anymore and I hardly use it now,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2301,Geneshaley Sanchez,"January 22, 2023",This app is good I had it since 2018. I hadn't had any problem with it . I feel like the only thing that is bad is that it glitches before it tells you to update the app but overall I love the app,0,4,snap_chat
2302,SaRa MoNi,"December 19, 2022","My first account was 3 years ago. A few days ago I got logged out in my first account then after entering the correct password many times I could not login. Then I opened a new account and it was fine for a few days today suddenly my account got logged out now somehow after entering the password and nothing works. not happening I can't login to my account.I need my account. If I don't get my account back this time, I will never use snapchat again. I hope you will return my Snapchat I'd",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2303,Jamil Akhtar,"December 24, 2022",From 1 week. I don't know what is going on with this app it don't let me click photos or go any section. I guess it's happening because of pirvacy and policy. Please fix this bug.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2304,Chloe Still,"January 10, 2023","It messes up a lot and i have to close out of snapchat and when i try to open a snap ir laggs and takes a while, when i try to open a chat i have to tap it multiple times I don't know if this is like a glitch or something or it might be my phone messing up",7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2305,Akida Abeera,"January 24, 2023","It's really amazing with more filters But my challenge is, it really goes slow when I try to make a video.",3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2306,Haley Rivers,"January 9, 2023","Add more space in memories to unlimited. Add more outfits for bitmojis. And if ur on a call and out of snap, when u pull down ur screen and push the arrow on the ongoing call with that person add a mute and unmute button and also speaker and no speaker",0,1,snap_chat
2307,SS GenesisGaming,"December 14, 2022","I can't change my username. I tried to change it to various different usernames, waited at least 30 secs before trying everytime and even changed my internet connection but nothing has worked so far.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2308,Toga Himiko,"December 12, 2022","It used to work fine, but now it's glitching. I can take pictures, but I can't use filters, and I can't message or anything.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2309,Everything Ps5,"January 24, 2023",Very laggy and glitchy for android users. I'm using a s22 and at first I thought it was a problem with my phone but no its snapchat itself. Definitely needs work.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2310,Aamir Khan,"December 26, 2022","On of the best app , i give one suggestion when i was using to start chat with my friends or reply to my friend but i can't able see old replies but in WhatsApp when i click on reply then directly go on old replies so i can get easily my old chat reply then i can read.",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2311,Kshitij Sharma,"January 22, 2023","What the heck, my app is closing instantly after opening the app. And sending message to update the app even if I have completely updated the App.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2312,Harish Bhagat,"January 3, 2023","Excessive notifications, can't even turn off all the friend suggestions because they're linked with the chat ones.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2313,Zander Royer,"January 17, 2023",The front facing camera no longer works as of today. Switching between cameras only switches between the regular and ultra wide cameras on my S22 Ultra.,5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2314,Yabur Tali,"January 2, 2023","I want my pictures back that I kept inside my eyes only option...... You need to fix this problem even tho my network is working I cannot get back my pics it Says that"" oops something went wrong.... Retry again""whats all this pls fixed this problem or else I will banned this app with my power.. 😒",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2315,Meghan Olson,"December 22, 2022",It's a good app you get to talk to ur friends and ft and get to watch spotlights witch are just little clips of things kinda like TikTok u get to post stuff on ur story and there are so many filters it was really nice that I could put filters on while I'm on a ft,19 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2316,Malaham Ch,"January 1, 2023","This app is great But they should also provide a small app with it which is just a camera, a beauty camera, so that those whose mobiles cannot run such a large MB app can also use a light app. Thanks",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2317,Keith Leeman,"December 19, 2022",Constantly telling me there's a new story. I clear It and It comes back shortly for the exact same person. Extremely annoying.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2318,BAREERAH BINT IRSHAD,"December 15, 2022","Worst app , i had deactivated my account and i reactivated it within a few days my account got activated but i had two factor authentication it says can't connect to the server. I can't excess my account!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2319,Saurabhkant Shukla,"December 25, 2022",Needs improvement: I'm using Samsung s22 plus device. The back navigation gesture fails many times in this app. Rest everything is great.,0,3,snap_chat
2320,Gcqio Gabe,"January 12, 2023",The Snapchat is laggy and when I open it it just shows the log in and sign up button but wont let me click it. Before this problem the only other concern is how horrible the camera is on snap on chromebook.,0,3,snap_chat
2321,Priya Arminks,"January 17, 2023",The app is very amazing and i love the filters & please make sure that make the app better..... Like when i download it i have to do first sign in then password then username then we have to create avatar then add friends please make it small..... Am i RighT,5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2322,Asmar Hajizada,"December 25, 2022",Snapchat+ has too few features and most important of all with wallpapers sticker quality drops a lot. I can see pixels.,0,1,snap_chat
2323,Sat S,"December 19, 2022",Lately im getting a notification for someone im not even subscribed to. And today i got a notification like 3 times cuz i didnt view my friends story -which im not interested in viewing. CEO can contact me if they want some ideas on how yo ACTUALLY increase views without annoying the user.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2324,Amzal,"January 25, 2023","Not optimized for anything android at all. I understand that there are many android phones, but atleast optimize for the main mid range and high range phones",0,1,snap_chat
2325,Keisha Johnson-McCaig,"January 21, 2023","I love snapchat, but hate the new update. Let me decide if I want to watch a story. I don't need you to automatically start for me. And there is no way to turn it off. Super wack snapchat team.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2326,Evan White,"December 8, 2022","I don't know who thought updating the avatars was a good idea, but they need to be changed back. The characters look absolutely horrific.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2327,Nana_Ama101,"January 4, 2023","I can't even use the app, when I tap a button, nothing comes, but my internet connection is strong, and my tablet works perfectly, no lags, and yet I can't do anything in Snapchat",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2328,Tracy Arinda,"January 7, 2023",It keeps freezing alllllll the time And I can't add music to my videos anymore. It doesn't bring that option anymore at all Please fix it Thank you,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2329,james smith,"January 16, 2023",Notification Hell Can't turn off or unsubscribe from select users and channels or turn off snap stories. I only want message notifications or my best friends stories. This is terrible! Android 13 Samsung Galaxy 22 Ultra,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2330,Antonia Turscak,"December 11, 2022",Snapchat please fix yourself i am begging you! You keep joking with the app i had to uninstal it several times because i cant send or open snaps at least twice a month. Even tho i just updated the app. The app itself is fine just these glitches bug me.,0,4,snap_chat
2331,F.b,"January 17, 2023","Loved this app, however I cannot sign back into my account as it pops up with the message "" Due to repeated failed attempts or other unusual activity, your access to Snapchat is temporarily disabled "" this means I can't acces Snapchat",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2332,Yash Kaushal,"January 9, 2023",Everything is perfect 🤘❤️ But please make one more column in which i just add my favorite filters and they are not disappear in 24 hours😒 please add this This feature is available in Instagram 😑😩 And Thank you ❤️ 😊,16 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2333,tushar,"January 23, 2023",I am using Snapchat for Previous 2 years. My Overall Experience of your App is so Good. But some features of your app is missing like Dark Mode in Android. Please Launch the Dark Mode Feature in your App.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2334,Delainey Owens,"December 30, 2022","I hate it!! I have snapchat on my chromebook and my pictures look stupid!! JUST LIKE THIS APP!!! I cant do anything, and I cant even look at my own videos without updating it even though i cant update it anymore than it is!!!!!!!!!!!",8 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2335,Cami Broughton,"January 11, 2023",Bugs are awful. My camera will randomly quit on me or I have to completely exit the app. I like Snap Chat but the updates did absolutely nothing but make it worse.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2336,Sandra Winnicka,"December 18, 2022","The app is sooo slow. When it comes to sending a snap, it shows the delivered arrow a little later rather than immediately.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2337,Shan E Ali Memon,"January 18, 2023","I don't why you (developer) treat android user as unimportant mass of the Tech Globe...Even Knowing that Snapchat is highly consumed by large number of Android users but you don't even bother to give updates such as wide angle feature for wide angled supported cameras , bounce effect and dark mode.....Plzzzz Mr.Developer plzzz 🙏🏻🙏🏻 Do this favour for us enable all these features for android too..Attract your Android users❤️",21 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2338,Chene Van Niekerk,"January 16, 2023","Was such a lovely app. Until it stopped me from going into chat, capturing photos and looking at saved photo's. And it's all up to date but nothing is working.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2339,Gabriela Taneva,"December 20, 2022","Really good and entertaining app. Used mostly to chat, and you can meet lots of new people. Great photos too. Recommend it.",15 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2340,Aryaa Shah,"December 12, 2022","This app is really nice but it doesn't verify my email ID and says that "" could not validate password. Please try again"" Rather I am entering a valid email id . Please fix it.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2341,Ritu Thakur,"January 10, 2023",This app is very good except for the thing the thing that I cannot see the bitmoji stories that my friends can see... Even when I've updated it.,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2342,Rani Garg,"December 28, 2022",It's worst any time it stops keep loading no messages will come and recieve even having good internet any time it stops working it is updated also still very disappointed!!,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2343,CAPTAIN X,"December 14, 2022",It's really good but with the latest updates it isn't working properly. It takes to long to load any new messages or snaps.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2344,Yogita Charan,"January 6, 2023",I don't what happened to the memories. Not a single photo is opening and I have reported this problem but nothing has been done for my problem. Please help ne out coz I don't want to lose my precious photos and videos,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2345,David,"December 13, 2022",How are you going to release an update for galaxy s22 ultra and then take away the update the day after? Obviously it worked but you decided to remove some features and only left them on iPhones even tho it was proven that it worked on android. Straight garbage and embarrassing from y'all,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2346,Neil Ferrer,"December 10, 2022",I download this just because your closing zenly... But your snap map is not even half as good as ZENLY's... Why close an app which is alot better than what you have!... Your map isn't even in real time...,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2347,Jake Garris,"January 16, 2023","App is slowly getting worse. The new grey bar on snaps blocks a substantial part of the image, that along with huge battery drain and poor performance is making me consider getting rid of snap all together",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2348,Lynn Soh,"December 13, 2022","I dont understand what is the map for seriously. Added friend, but i only can see myself in map? What is the purpose then? Something like zenly is best, i can see where is my family. But now, nothing.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2349,Georgette,"December 14, 2022","its good, but its the 3D bitmojis which are terrible, they look bad, the clothing shows up weirdly, same goes with the hair, most things look so ugly with the 3D bitmojis, i swear.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2350,David,"January 14, 2023",I love this app but for the fact that the conversation tends to disappear in just 24hrs that made me totally dislike it and I tried checking out if there is setting to off the disappearing message but I couldn't find it which sucks,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2351,erza hasani,"January 14, 2023","Snapchat is a great app, it works well for me but the only thing I'm complaining about is that dark mode is only available on ios but not on Android. It would be very great if you guys can do something about it.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2352,kennawennabennawenna,"December 16, 2022","please. dear god please get rid of these horrifying 3D bitmojis, or at least make them an option instead of forcing everyone to use them. personally, seeing them makes me want to gouge out my eyes. otherwise the app is fine. but still, PLEASE GIVETHE NORMAL BITMOJIS BACK!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2353,The Defective,"January 5, 2023","First off all i dont wanna see my ugly face everytime i open the app, can i have an option where it opens on the chat or something. Also i want the 2d bitmojis back. Otherwise it functions as it should",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2354,Charisse,"December 18, 2022","This was a good app, not until the further updates. The filters and stickers also got weird and not my liking. I miss the old filters.",4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2355,Samriddhi Agarwal,"December 23, 2022",Horrible! Lost a lot of my saved snaps randomly. At times it doesn't back up the snaps. Glitches a lot.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2356,GITANSHU FF,"December 19, 2022","Snapchat It is an important app for drawing images and it is also a very good app for making friendship, but many updates are yet to be brought in this feature, in this I liked spotlight best.",11 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2357,Anna Schedler,"December 10, 2022","sometimes it doesn't let me watch videos that are sent from Snapchat. I press on it, its black and then it closes out of the video. Can you tell me why it happened?",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2358,Sarah Anwar,"December 11, 2022","I really loved the bitmoji concept, but slowly I started to hate it! It was better as 2D!! Pleaseee remove 3D bitmoji, it looks so weird please snapchat remove 3D bitmoji or atleasr add option for 2D or 3D!!!!",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2359,Shaktisingh Songara,"December 22, 2022","I,m using this app for last 6monts that time this application camera quality is excellent but when I get new update notification and then updated it it's camera quality is become poor . I request to developers please fix that issue and updated it soon",12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2360,BigHatBogan,"January 19, 2023","I can save my friend's snaps in chat, but they can't save mine (I have my photos set to infinte loop without a timer). Please fix.",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2361,Gavin Vorhes,"January 17, 2023",This is my only problem with snap All I've wanted is dark mode but still have no idea if I'll ever have it People that use iPhone have had dark mode forever I just want dark mode. New update just messed snap all up.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2362,Chai Stoutemire,"January 15, 2023",Can yall fix a bug when sometimes it goes all blank and everytime I tap on a chat it's all white and i have to delete and reinstall the app its weird and i hate it bc its happened in the past like 9 times,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2363,Constantine khamis,"December 16, 2022","Has a mixed bag of design choices and features, my least favorite of which is the 3D bitmojis. I really hope they change them back to 2D...",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2364,itsmaro,"January 25, 2023","I don't know what's wrong with this app, but the last update was the worst. There are many glitches, and every week I had to delete the app and download it again because of the glitches. If you don't support gays and stop these glitches, the app will be better.",0,1,snap_chat
2365,ANYISIA MICHELLE,"December 11, 2022",Nothing's working on here. I tried creating an account but it logged me out twice and said I was violating some of their guidelines when I hadn't even done anything. When I'd finally made an account it doesn't even work I can't take pics or go to the chats I can't do anything so please y'all should try to fix it,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2366,Hazel Gia Dibrata,"December 18, 2022",I used to enjoy this app but I recently noticed that the app give you a lot of ads which appear everytime I play games and the annoying thing is that it make me lag/bug I really appreciate if you remove the ads thank you,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2367,Robin Singh,"January 3, 2023","Originally i was happy with the app it was well made easy to use but suddenly my account got locked,idk what i did if i did anything at all it constantly says that it is temporarily locked for suspicion and when i try to unlock it on the website it doesnt work so please if you can please tell me how i can fix this",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2368,Anonymous Perzon,"January 23, 2023",Dark mode has been on ios for 4 years and yet it's not on anjoid anjoid also has a lack of customization features that Apple has and it's much slower and has a worse camera feature much slower than Apple this app has over 1 billion downloads on here alone it wouldn't hurt to make it like apple,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2369,Prashant Upadhyay,"December 12, 2022",I'm installing it for the 3rd time because after sometimes it stops working i can't recieve or send any text or snap can't even login again so i just have uninstall it and install it back and then login again if the app let me.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2370,Dave Shultz,"December 18, 2022",I like the filters they're fun to do the only friend requests I get are women trying to scam you asking for money or gifts which I think is wrong but I couldn't figure out a way to stop so it's a waste of time,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2371,Simon Paille,"December 12, 2022","Great but I am constantly bombarded by recommendations to add woman. The ""Discover"" section is embarrassing to even look at, ""hide creator"" does not work. I am not interested in woman.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2372,Jasmine Saylor,"January 15, 2023",It is and amazing app but recently the app hasent been giving me notifications saying that I got a snap or chat and I have had to delete and reinstall the app so that hopefully it will work I restarted my phone acouple times seeing if it will fix it and it still dose it,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2373,Lillian Fenner,"December 30, 2022","Great app for the most part. Sometimes glitchy. One thing is public profiles should be available for 13+, and we should be allowed to change birthday and users any time.",0,3,snap_chat
2374,anshika singh,"January 17, 2023","basically it is a very good app but the only thing is ......there is no dark mode in it, like I'm just tired with that bright white light hitting my eyes🙂.. the company should actually add a dark mode in snapchat",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2375,Ruchita sawankar,"January 2, 2023","app is not working well, whenever i open this app ""the app isn't working"" notification pop on and back to home. Pls solve this issue🙏 I tried all solutions..... but isn't working.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2376,Rupesh Ingale,"December 23, 2022",Support service is not working properly. I deactivated my account and after 1 hour I again reactivate my account. But now I send to msg to anyone fds but there are error like failed to send. Pls solve this query.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2377,Kaedan Leisure,"January 4, 2023",Breaks on a daily baises honestly makes me want to shoot myself I shouldnt have to fight the app to put words on a snap or have to uninstall the app just to send or recieve messages its honestly disappointing that this app worked so much better 10 years ago than it does now,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2378,Laura Barker,"December 24, 2022","Downloaded the app, it has continued to crash for two weeks. Tried updating, uninstalling, nothing works!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2379,hassan Ziya,"December 24, 2022",App is excellent just fix the bugs if we log out and log in from another device and again log in from another so it does not open in first device after some hours it gets open and except that everything is great 👍,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2380,Rakesh Bhatt,"January 1, 2023",Ahhh।.. This app is awesome I really like it 😻😻I prefer only snap chat for you pics cause it is amazing.but I didn't give it 5star because the photos I have hidden are not loading I can't see them even can't get it back.. Plzz fix that...,0,1,snap_chat
2381,Atul hooda,"January 21, 2023","i give only 3 star ⭐ to this aap , because dear snapchat you could not provide us the access to all of the music and i many time whenever i posted any snap there is so much few bollywood, punjabi music and also the haryanvi music which is very popular amoung adults 🧑 that is the biggest mistake you have done and not also try to improve it you just focus on filter 🥺😡😡😡😡😤😡😡😤. my request is that give us full access to all of the music like instagram. otherwise i stop using the snapchat.",0,3,snap_chat
2382,HARSH UKEY,"January 2, 2023","The overall app is very good but we need dark mode support in it. If the dark mode is added, it will be the best.",0,4,snap_chat
2383,prathmesh konduskar,"January 18, 2023",There are many bugs or glitches in this update we can't select the proper location and there is a frame when we open snap camera.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2384,bonny mwas,"January 14, 2023","This is a great app but my only concern is the dark mode, please add that for android users, not all of us can handle all that light even after reducing the screen brightness...please add darkmode",0,4,snap_chat
2385,Cody Ross,"December 7, 2022","They keep making terrible decisions that make no sense at all, like the group chat version of metaverse and it's getting worse. The 3d models look volatile and the snapchat+ is the dumbest subscription service next to Twitter blue",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2386,Parnazvir Singh,"January 12, 2023",My snapchat is not working its disabled and it has been almost a month now i also complaint on the support center but no reply nothing my app is only not working my account are getting logged in other device but not on my device its showing due to many failed attempts or any unusual activity your snapchat has been temporarily disabled ....,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2387,Ehren Lampcov,"January 23, 2023","I have not gotten a Snapchat notification on time in over 3 months, they come in extremely late or not at all. I will get texts and not see them for hours because Snapchat refuses to load them.",0,1,snap_chat
2388,Raj Kumar,"December 18, 2022","After downloading Snapchat it was working properly but now after just 2 months , I don't know why but this app is getting closed again and again and that also not only Just getting closed i have to login again and again today in just 1 hour i have looged in 6 times . I want Snapchat to cure this problem",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2389,Pranjal Gonge,"January 22, 2023","It's so amazing app!! I LOVE THIS, I probably recommend Downloading this for communication!.. It's so cool... And I like to dress up the avatar!! ITS LIKE SO COOL APP..! Like it's so fun when we are almost bored, Taking selfies! I LIKE THIS SO MUCH 🤩⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐",14 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2390,molly tadler,"January 21, 2023",Best app of you to keep in touch with people that you do want with their phone number or have their phone number I want another way to reach you can tell them lots of things supposed to take notes and even through Sundays I think it's the best app if you're 13 plus.,6 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2391,Charlie Taylor,"January 22, 2023","They need to figure out how to stop all the spam accounts. I'm getting ready to delete the app with how many ""friend"" requests I get every day. Also whoever put the reply bar that blocks like half an incoming snap should be fired",12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2392,Will,"December 28, 2022",Awful app constantly glitches and closes itself repeatedly which is annoying. Was refused refund also for a service I paid for which I didn't get. Thief business that should be shut down.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2393,Jason Glavin,"December 29, 2022",Been using Snapchat for a whilst but had to uninstall app and install app as I couldn't see messages.i decided to delete my account and start again with a new account but I am getting the same issue.seems to be something wrong with this app.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2394,Brad Hartung,"December 15, 2022",I really recommend this app I love it!! It's a great way to communicate with my friends and free! And u can decorate ur bitmoji which I rather enjoy HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!,15 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2395,AnchaL Thakur,"January 4, 2023",I love this app...but There are many options which Android users dont have ...the reverse option which Android user used to have earlier but now we dont have ...and there are many other options....And A Advice....keep a boomerang option too in the camera..for Android too,86 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2396,Syed Abdul Muqtadir,"December 9, 2022","When i save snaps with song in memories & later when i try to open, it's showing 'something went wrong please try again' but same snap without song saved in memories is opening normally .",45 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2397,bridget zanza,"December 7, 2022",This is my third time downloading this app and everytime i have to create a new account because my previous account has been temporarily blocked and honestly its quite annoying and i hope you will be able to fix this problem,0,1,snap_chat
2398,Saswati Das,"January 4, 2023",Nothing to tell about this app!! It's just perfect in all sides but I don't like it's features of notifying others when I take a screenshot!! Or else the perfect app 🌈,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2399,Blue Zeuqeram,"January 3, 2023",For months I haven't been able to access my account from my own phone only my husbands phone his is non Android phone mine is Android it tells me my phone number is suspicious and won't let me use my phone number or phone but as soon as I sign in on his phone it's perfectly fine no issues it's annoying and I've reached out for help and emailed I even debated getting a new phone number and cell phone all together just to get access to my photos and friends again,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2400,Snehpreet Kaur,"December 16, 2022",It takes a lot time to show up the messages of my friends whenever I open their chat....if it's bug then it should be corrected as soon as possible,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2401,Mahi,"December 27, 2022",In my old phone (poco X2)When my phone in dark mode and in this app I can't see any names. Because names are with white colour with white background. In my new device (Nothing phone 1): all good👍🏻,0,4,snap_chat
2402,Ahmed kadiwal,"December 11, 2022","Snapchat is not working properly, I am not able to add any friends on snapchat even though my friends limits is not full. I am literally gonna uninstall this app. There is no response for my feed back and report.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2403,COOL DEVIL,"January 15, 2023","I am unable to add friends from snapchat, whenever I click on add it shows an error ""Something went wrong"" and it's really frustrating",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2404,Info Ross,"January 18, 2023",I deleted Snapchat 3 times already because as soon as I make a new account I get at least 5 friend requests an hour with inappropriate (sexual) content. I don't understand how people even choose this app.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2405,its jack,"January 11, 2023","Snapchat is my favorite app seriously but it got this problem that I hate when you can't log into the new feature ""snapchat on the web"" I literally repeated my password 50 million times and when I wrote my username and password it still says ""password is incorrect please try again"" like bro is this a joke? I checked my pass on the phone and my user and they both were right when I log out from my account and try it again it worked but on pc it's doesn't please fix this problem.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2406,Nisar Ahmad,"January 7, 2023",It's all good but when I open an heavy filter it not works smoothly my device is new but I think it's need to be fixed soon as possible thanks,0,3,snap_chat
2407,Mitchell B,"January 23, 2023",Overused and recycled filters. Nothing new. Why is your app taking up over 1.5 GB of space on my phone? That's ridiculous. Disgusting filth all over. Quick add is terrivly pushy and annoying. Your DISCOVER and Quick Add are complete trash. Let me hide the QUICK ADD people I don't know. I don't want to see this. Your DISCOVER is nothing but a disgusting thirst trap. <<,21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2408,Anthony Lee,"December 16, 2022","It's good for everything, but...it down grades your camera quality alot it's horrible It's like you taking a photo on a potato. Team snap chat if you see this, can you please try to fix it",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2409,Kay Johnson,"January 4, 2023",Please bring 2d bitmojis back or at least add a setting to change it back to 2d incase some people want to keep the 3d ones but please just bring the 2d bitmojis back!! You can only use the 2d ones in stickers but I want to be able to always use them,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2410,Quais Azhar,"January 8, 2023","Why this is happening I don't know,my friends are not able to save my snap ,I made new account but this issue isn't solve ,even I do no limit but , please try to solve this problem",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2411,Ajay rawat GAMER,"December 6, 2022",Totally worst app lots of problem during message ..the other person didn't receive our message even i also didn't get their messages ... this problem is only in night bad experience do not install this app,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2412,Felicia,"December 7, 2022",Snapchat is a very interesting app that helps you to snap and make some changes in your looks. It can make you look like a monster and a very beautiful 👰 Queen and a handsome 🧑‍⚖️ King.,10 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2413,j j,"January 13, 2023",This is a good app but for me it's slow and I really want dark mode but I have an Android and I don't think you have made dark mode for Android I would love it if you did thank you keep up the good work!,0,4,snap_chat
2414,Reyna Dilbeck,"December 29, 2022","I use this app alot to communicate with my daughter in another country, only issue I have is i don't get notifications right away but it might be because my phone service is not from the country I'm in..",1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2415,janelle grace,"December 10, 2022",Great for talking to friends or that one person you don't wanna give your number to 10/10 only con is the notifications won't go through after I made sure I turned them all on.,7 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2416,Richard Hall,"January 8, 2023",Great application for experiencing wonderful and funny slides of photography. There is a chatroom for users aswell however I have not used this part of the application.,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2417,sammy b,"December 30, 2022",Every time im on a call i can never get to 4 hours on a call before it hangs up and sometimes i dont go over 20 minutes without it hanging up other than that its a great app to talk to friends and family,4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2418,Priscille Ebia,"December 6, 2022",It's a great app to socialise with family and friends u can chat and call even add people great app I think Snapchat should add more clothing to customise people avatar and a more funny memes making friends and family laugh so I really enjoy this app show out to Snapchat for making this amazing app to socialise on because sometimes people like to talk more online than face to face or meeting up online for me is the best way to communicate to friends and family,18 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2419,Awais Mughal,"January 22, 2023",Set a limit in streaks most of people just trying to increase score 30 40 streaks at same time and black screen streaks this is annoying and harassment and and at least enable dark mode,0,3,snap_chat
2420,Hinda Tarek,"January 9, 2023",I honestly hate the new 3D style Bitmoji that appears on my Snapchat profile. I would like you to give us the option to have the Bitmoji appear as the original 2D version.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2421,Sylvia Pianista,"December 7, 2022","If it follows the AI updates and trends I will five-star the app but I have had a few bugs and changes that I didn't like. Great for socializing,very unique.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2422,Skylar Soto,"January 3, 2023","Every time I open a chat, it automatically opens up the keyboard, which notifies others that I'm typing. It's honestly highly irritating.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2423,•Lil_Baby_Artist4U• (10kSubscribers4Artists),"January 12, 2023",I enjoy Snap but I wish there were more clothing choices my friend said she wishes there were nails in all colors even black and more poses I said I hope there is a way we can change our username without having to wait a year otherwise love Snapchat!!! -Skyler and Cris,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2424,Salma Parveen,"January 23, 2023",It's a fabulous app to take pictures. But from yesterday i have getting errors like i can't see any one's message please fix it as soon as possible,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2425,Umar Iqbal,"December 13, 2022",I am currently facing issue of not being able to view stories of my friends. The issue is not resolving. I have sent my feedback also. Please assist.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2426,Ryan,"January 6, 2023","Keeps logging me out, I have to uninstall then re-install the app bc it freezes. This is my main social media, so this is very inconvenient.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2427,Justin Hana,"December 6, 2022",I really hate Snapchat this happens every time last it's not sending messages and my 500 day streaks Broke and this time it happened again i didn't update snapchat so uninstalled now login is not happening and all my photos what will happen to them like seriously the worstest app I've ever seen,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2428,Myosha Walker,"December 27, 2022",Some way some how my snap is being viewed by everyone & I have it on friends only. I don't even want to use the app anymore. No way to contact them or get support whatsoever,0,1,snap_chat
2429,Zulqarnain Nizamani,"January 4, 2023","Bad app, sends random, repeating, irritating, annoying notifications, even though I have disabled from settings.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2430,Nisha Soni,"January 19, 2023",I would say that if anyone is suffering from problem that they don't wanna... Take screenshots because a message is send to the friend's then they should try screen recording and then take screenshots...... If it helps then please like ....🙏🙏🙏🙏,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2431,Jonnada Deviswar,"January 17, 2023",I love this app and I giving 4stars because of the lag issue in my other phone but it has so many filters and themes the pictures are amazing and extraordinary so please download this app and developers please solve the lag issue 🤗🤗🤗😍😀,13 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2432,Manvir Bansal,"December 24, 2022",Aight u lot half the time it glitches I had to reset my phone I had to erase all data jus to see this app working again fix this glitch updat cmon fix this update! edit- omg this app still glitches it don't show any chats omg what is up with this bloody app I am pissed with it,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2433,James O,"January 24, 2023",Notification channels in the phone OS settings aren't descriptive so I had to turn off all notifications to avoid unwanted notifications about lenses.,2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2434,Kiran Dhale,"December 19, 2022",Really I love this app.... The Features of the app is awesome... This is my favorite one.... But 1 little prblm the add is more like fenugreek 😂means the leaf is less and the kadi is more.... So plzz solution this... 😇,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2435,Sabrina,"December 23, 2022",It pisses me off greatly that I can't set my notifications to not include everyone who posts a story. I REALLY don't need a notification for that.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2436,Wendy,"December 26, 2022","Awful snow covers the map. It's cute, sure - adorable! Too bad you you can't see the map or find anything. How can you turn that junk off?",0,1,snap_chat
2437,OLUWANIYI FISAYOMI,"January 3, 2023",The app is good but te limit of pple in a shortcut should be removed then they should separate those you are keeping snap streaks from those that are not and they should be like a space for those that sent you chats because u might not know until you view all thier snaps first which isn't ok they should remove the ads,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2438,Lady Grim,"January 15, 2023",It keeps not sending messages. I've tried rebooting clearing cache and data I've got the app up to date.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2439,Jade Warrilow,"December 29, 2022",For some reason it will not let me send videos properly it will send them as a normal message not a video I have go on my Ipad see if it was doing the same on there but it only seam to be doing it on samsung plz fix this,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2440,Nick Mitchell,"December 6, 2022",Who decided that bitmojis would look so crusty. Bitmojis used to be cool now they're all gross and matrix looking! Can't imagine a single UI designer seeing that and saying that the new bitmoji looks good. Looks AWFUL,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2441,Whitt Guthrie,"December 20, 2022","Number is ads is terrible. Destroys the user experience. No wonder you have a failing business model, the amount of ads is just ridiculous.",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2442,Alexander Dickey,"February 1, 2023","Normally i would give yall 5, stars, excellent app, but can we maybe get rid of that ugly bar, it really makes me uncomfortable and im sure everyone unanimously hates ita",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2443,Ella Kovach,"December 8, 2022",Cause I can talk to my friends and call them and see how long I'm on the phone with them it's so much fun cause you can put on different filter vibe with music take pictures of the view and save them have memories Snapchat is the best social media ever and play games with your friends watch your friend story to see what they post on there you will enjoy Snapchat it's fun cool addicting cool filters cool games there whole bunch of other things you can do on Snapchat million of them laugh smile 😂,11 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2444,Jonathan Connell,"December 25, 2022",This used to be a decent app with little to no spam. Then it got pretty spammy. Now I'm getting 6-7 notification in an afternoon of some random advertising spam account adding me. Get yalls act together.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2445,wee gems,"January 15, 2023","Was easy to use. Putting 3 starts as no dark mode for android phones. Please put dark mode for android users, as the white is toooo much.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2446,Saud Mohammed,"January 25, 2023","The app doesn't allow you to open it until you give it permission to access your media(all of the photos and videos in your device). I think that this is a blatant invasion of privacy, and I think that Google should ban such practices.",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2447,NeeL Mhashilkar,"December 26, 2022","Honestly This app is great but the glitches like ""snap chapture has been failed"" and liked spotlights doesn't appear in the list of liked videos hope these bugs gets fixed",0,5,snap_chat
2448,Neha Chuphal,"January 16, 2023",I have a good experience with it but after making an new I'd I faced an issue that was my friends are not able to save my snap in chat after using no limit so please help me out of this.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2449,Anx Storm,"January 11, 2023",The 3d bitemojis are super unappealing and I would prefer the 2d versions. Yall really tried to be modern and you failed/made it worse. 😭,3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2450,Deondrae Connors,"January 11, 2023",I would give this app a five star but the problem I have is every time I try to add people it doesn't let me and keeps saying something went wrong this needs to be fixed.,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2451,Rakesh Mishra,"January 2, 2023",Its really useful and good . My camera doesn't have any stickers so i can use it . The only thing i want that we can use filters offline too..,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2452,Ubakanma Amaka,"December 11, 2022","Ever since I updated the app, I've not been able to use it. I can't keep streaks or even send snaps. I really need this app to work",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2453,Jacob “Urdeathfromseth” Harris,"January 22, 2023","Main social media app nowadays, obviously. Main problem is when they delete text boxes after I edit them. I have to retype the whole thing",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2454,Sumera Khaliq,"January 6, 2023",i like this app in starting but now this app is so useless......becoz when i open this app all previous notifications start coming....and i hate this thing many useless notification i got from snapchat.....even i am not able to use new filters.....when i use filters this app start's doing glitching......😫,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2455,Khushbu Sarohiya,"January 23, 2023",It's such a good app i really love it . My mom don't allow me to use insta or Facebook but my mom never say anything when I use Snapchat. Some time snap don't work well but still best app. You should download it and it's really easy to use this app. ✨💫,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2456,Typical Gaming,"December 21, 2022",After the last update my snapchat has been really glitchy. I don't know if it's because I have a lot of people added or if it's because of the update otherwise great app :),0,3,snap_chat
2457,Simran Walia,"January 18, 2023",Dear Snapchat team I have been facing an issue from past few months whenever I have replied to my friends msg and go back to lens page and then again go back to reply my friends reply my previous reply is automatically shown on texting space and it's happening quite frequently please dear Snapchat solve this issue I'll be greatful to you,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2458,Danica Pietz,"January 3, 2023","amazing app. one thing, we should be able to change the colors of the call when we have our cams off.",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2459,Hedgehog Gamer Davis,"December 23, 2022","Love the app but hate the avatar update, please make the option to use the new version or the old version avatars instead of forcing us to use the new ones. It doesn't look good in 3D...",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2460,Dakota Lollis,"January 8, 2023",I downloaded Snapchat and it won't let me add any friends. It says I have too many and I have none. What is wrong and why does it say that and Snapchat is doesn't let you add friends because they will say you have to many friends can't add,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2461,_severindrivingfreak_,"December 30, 2022","Fine but where the hell is the DARK MODE for Android ? After you include the dark mode you would earn 5 of 5 Stars ;) The hardest thing is using snapchat at night, i use on my samsung s22 the lowest background light setting but when u open snap, its like you look into the sun🙈",0,2,snap_chat
2462,Axolotl_321,"January 3, 2023","I really like snapchat for what it is, but I can't pin people without getting ""snapchat plus"" and its only like that for android users, idk if it's like a bias against androids or something but when I can pin people *without paying* then I'll give it a 5 star.",0,3,snap_chat
2463,Lee Aula,"January 5, 2023",Always asking to view my contacts and being annoying. Mind your business if I say no. Way too many ads these days too. A lot of hassle for some cat pics.,7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2464,Val,"December 21, 2022",The app is annoying. Instantly tells me yo take snaps when ion want to. The whole app stopped working. Cant chat no more. Cant take pictures no more. Awful.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2465,Amrita Vishwakarma,"December 9, 2022","It is very fantastic app. We can try new lenses and more fun like spotlight, game with friends, chating, snaps, click selfies etc... I like this app very much ❤❤❤",12 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2466,Jake Brown,"December 22, 2022",Crashes all the time. Doesn't use my full camera like it used to. Totally garage of an app. If it works good for you NEVER UPDATE IT,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2467,Branigan Horan,"December 16, 2022","Extremely slow after last update, nothing will work notifications come in with the Bitmoji, or just the Snapchat ghost everything is just a little off waiting for the new update to fix these issues after the 12/09/2022 update",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2468,Cruiss,"December 27, 2022","I don't understand what else need to be done........ The app had some great features but it's always stopping whenever I wanna snap with it, please do something about that..... Thank you",0,3,snap_chat
2469,Dark Devil,"December 9, 2022",App is very GooD we can chat with friends and also call them wherever they are all over the world..but there are so many updates in this app this app contains lots of updates thrice a week we have to update this app please solve this problem as soon as possible...Team Snapchat...and I will give no star because when app is not running we cannot use the app...so please send this problem... Thanku Team Snapchat we are waiting for your positive response... From. Slave of Allah swt...☝️🙂,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2470,Joey Ballew,"January 6, 2023",How is there still no dark theme app appearance feature for Android users? It's annoying to have a bright white lit background on the app and I don't know anyone who just enjoys being blinded when opening a snap in the middle of the night.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2471,Cara Harness,"January 19, 2023",Awesome but since I have android its a little slower and sometimes I can't open snaps or deliver them but it works perfectly for apple I recommend this app and my review is right because I've had snap since it became an app.,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2472,:D,"January 24, 2023",The new camera lenght is ugly. Text automatically goes to the bottom and you can't move the text.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2473,Aanchal Naik,"January 12, 2023",It takes a lot time to load gallery pictures even when we have a good quality of network and I would like to call it as a worst app I don't even like to give single star. Its really a shityy app i ever used,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2474,PatkaLopikju,"January 20, 2023","Why so many notifications? Every 5 minutes I get a notification about having the same friends with someone or about an old snap. I don't care, never asked you to tell me who I should be friends with.",0,4,snap_chat
2475,Surabhi Gharat,"December 27, 2022",There should be a option for multiple acc login at the same time.If someone logins our account then the acc logouts automatically from our phone and that should not happen.I request you to make changes in that feature as soon as possible.,0,4,snap_chat
2476,mdnawed alam,"January 10, 2023","What's this.. This is one of the worst update,, there is getting more network issue it's getting down after a minute.. We just can't use it if it wil happen regularly. Clear it soon",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2477,Swapnil Thakur,"December 28, 2022",Why there is no desible button for discover section... The menu has become an tiktok for caring content creator... Please ad option to desible it! Or else I will stop using it!,0,1,snap_chat
2478,Mello Dramello (MelloDramelo),"December 29, 2022","I like this app a bit, but people keep friending me, Can you add a feature where you can only friend others and they can accept it if they don't have this feature?",0,3,snap_chat
2479,Isabella Ross,"December 20, 2022","Super fun and easy to use but for some reason recently I've not been receiving my notifications, I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times but I'm still struggling a bit",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2480,Sourav Paul,"January 4, 2023",This app is very good but this app are not show online and this app only English song but I have all Hindi song . So please solve this my problem . Thank you,0,2,snap_chat
2481,William F.,"January 17, 2023","This app is so wack, like why does sometimes when I save a video in the chat I can't play it? Why can I save some snaps but can't with others? Why is the camera system so bad?",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2482,Nombre Apellido,"January 3, 2023",This app is so funny and its so cool tl connect with people so we can trade images. Wath funny memes and see cool poctures ..... I also like it because it has stories and you can see where is is on the map .,13 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2483,Jaco B,"January 18, 2023","I get snaps hours after they were sent. Mine won't send for hours. It's not my data or wifi, snapchat just randomly started doing this.",0,2,snap_chat
2484,Carlos Padilla,"December 23, 2022",How is it almost 2023 and your app still doesn't have a built in dark mode? Especially when it's been available on iOS for years? Absolute insanity.,0,1,snap_chat
2485,Arkadeep Ghosh,"January 3, 2023",I gave a 3 star because your music collection for adding in story sucks.....it really SUCKS to see such poor collection. It's a new year so do kindly enhance your music collection,0,3,snap_chat
2486,Emily Dakhlallah,"December 17, 2022",Overall a pretty good app though at the moment it isn't working that well but all of the issues that I have ever had on this app get fixed very easily. 8/10 would recommend,11 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2487,Dylan Goodall,"December 25, 2022","Explore and discover page all extremely full of clickbait, ads and ADHD-inducing / luring content. It's made to make you scroll braindead, and watch ads. App was better before all that.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2488,Emily -Rose Fenton,"December 28, 2022","Used snapchat for years now I just want to delete it, its constant, endless notifications for who I might know on snap chat, its annoying, I cant turn it off. App has gone way downhill.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2489,Skyla Miller,"December 26, 2022",Rn when I am texting someone I can't see there Bitmoji near am I getting any of these calls but yet it's showing up in the chat it's really annoying other then that its a very good app,0,3,snap_chat
2490,Tanvi,"January 21, 2023",The app does not run well. Always hanging. Always closing. How will I use your app if it does not work. Please fix the issue.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2491,Evey evil,"January 1, 2023","When i went on it today and yesterday it just didnt let me see my memories and talk to my friends, it didnt show my bitmoji either, i re downloaded it and it was the same.",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2492,Tatiana Icy,"January 8, 2023","Love it, only problem is that dark mode should be available to everyone rlly and better camera quality, also video length should be longer than 11 seconds",18 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2493,Ismaeel Saleem,"January 13, 2023",Snapchat is one of the best apps I love it so much but it's not working right now for hours I was trying to make it work it's not I'm pressing on it and its going back to my home page please fix this.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2494,Vamshi M,"January 14, 2023",In my mobile phone i can't able to login to Snapchat.I entered username and password correctly.Still it isn't logging in.I don't know what's the issue with the app but I was trying to login since 10 days.Problem is Snapchat isn't working properly in my device.So please try to resolve it,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2495,A. Owusu,"January 3, 2023","This app is really good but whenever I try to make a video,the music stops and the app freezes. Please fix this because is really disturbing.😔😔",3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2496,Max Ivanov,"December 16, 2022","Suddenly, Snapchat can't send out my messages. It's not my internet, and I'm up to date so it's not annoying me for that. Some bug fix guys...",0,1,snap_chat
2497,Banana_vr,"December 29, 2022",The app was perfectly fine for a couple of days but now when I open it it won't turn to the next page or to my chats it won't let me take a picture it won't let me choose any options it won't let me go to my profile nothing.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2498,Hiba sheikh,"January 22, 2023",Very good app u should take pictures in amazing filters and all u will also do chat with your friends and u have to make an improvement to not delete the chat after few seconds BCz If we have to save our chat we can't thats the problem otherwise all good thanx for reading this huge advice from me,14 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2499,Nathan Corbiere,"January 25, 2023",I get a friend request from a new spam account at least once a day. It is always a fake account pretending to be a female who either wants me to buy their only fans subscription or send them money. Snapchat needs to develop a way to filter out these fake accounts. I'm about to unsubscribe from snapchat+.,0,1,snap_chat
2500,Dj 3o5,"January 15, 2023","Excellent experience, but why did you stopped the new feature of which shows the moment of the person ur talking to, it was a good thing.",5 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2501,Deserae bryant,"December 19, 2022",The camera quality could be better with filters. My phone camera looks pretty good but the snapchat camera isn't living up to the same quality.,3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2502,jaaney forever,"December 15, 2022","Friends stories r lagging & keep getting a spinning circle not happening on the subscriptions, this has happened before so please fix this issue immediately.",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2503,Mehreen .f,"December 30, 2022",It's really good just ....We seriously need a timer when we select a lense ....not only on the front page but also when we search and select a lense we need a timer,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2504,Ross,"December 31, 2022",Local access to files should not be a make or break feature of this app. Access to camera should be enough. Don't get why file access is mandatory,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2505,Shumail Ahsan,"January 13, 2023",Snapchat is lacking alot of features in android like you have wonderful feature like splitting camera but you will only be able to use that feature if you have iPhone (Please apply that feature in android as well),0,1,snap_chat
2506,Randall Eveland,"January 5, 2023",Camera opens upside down. Picture appears stretched. Won't readjust. Im really annoyed with this app truly.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2507,Gurwinder Singh,"January 8, 2023",I simply request you that you can crate a feature which help people to create friends in there own area's like insta and Facebook and give option to make friends in there city because in India people use these type of apps to male friends. so plz give this option and give happiness 😇,0,2,snap_chat
2508,Elanitia,"January 9, 2023",Pretty cool app but why is dark mode not offered for android users? That should not be a issue now long as snapchat has been available. Ppl that suffer from vision issues that enjoy apps with dark mode should have that option for snapchat now if it can be done on iphone it can be done on Andriod.,0,3,snap_chat
2509,Mega Nate,"December 14, 2022",Still some bugs. Really loving this recent update. Just would be better if dark mode was available for Android.,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2510,Akriti Garg,"January 1, 2023",It's not working over mobile data. I'm facing this problem from last 3 days. SC is working good in Wifi but in mobile data it's non functional. Please fix it.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2511,laxman naik,"January 18, 2023",It's a cool app with lots of amazing things and those chattings with friends are so fantastic and the filters are like ahh..I can't express my feelings...But still love to use this app💖💯,28 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2512,Yogapriya M.,"December 20, 2022",I can't change my bitmoji How many times I tried it was showing like loading and leaves as an empty white screen and that makes me more irritating But i really love this app and the filters but i can't change my bitmoji that makes me to feel worry 😔,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2513,Madav reddy,"January 17, 2023","Best app but every time it creates a new account even if we put the right username and password also it doesn't work, I lost all my photos and streaks,pls work on this🙃",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2514,skye x,"December 13, 2022",amazing for iphone nd samsung on chrome book jus the camera is strange it looks fine to you but your face is streched out for others. other then that rlly good to communicate with friends and family.,0,5,snap_chat
2515,Khia Steger,"December 29, 2022",I have had Snapchat for a year now. I got a new phone and when I logged it wouldn't let me. My account is permanently locked for no reason. I barely post or text anyone. I also haven't been on Snapchat in days.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2516,Courtney Chumchal,"January 15, 2023","Flash sucks! I wish it would go back to the original flash, or atleast give me the option to use the old one like an iphone does.",4 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2517,Barbie burns,"January 24, 2023",I like it and I use it alot but lately it's beeb crashing really bad or freezing up and when i restart my phone that doesnt seem to help eather,3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2518,Gurleen Kaur,"January 9, 2023",Worst app ever used ....... Whenever update come it stop working so we have to update and reinstall that is the worst thing in it ... I request to Snapchat team to solve this problem as fast as they can.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2519,Himanshu Arora,"January 11, 2023",Recieving Video calls on Snapchat is so bad that if you are not on snapchat then you will miss the incoming video call request as the app will not trigger the ring nor the caller is visible so all incoming video chat calls go un attended / missed.,66 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2520,The Torturer-{Flesh Face Cannibal},"December 12, 2022",Not a bad app...still needs dark mode for Android...plus it kinda sucks we have to pay for Snapchat+ to have a custom notification sound when in the previous version we could just do it...atleast I could,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2521,Cyquna,"January 13, 2023",Its okay but it takes up all the storage it can. And its not even cache so I have to clear the data and log in again which is tedious. also I like balls,0,1,snap_chat
2522,Cool kim,"December 24, 2022",It is so bad because it recommended me a new character but I didn't want it I fixed my character outfit then I wanted to change its face so I went to the face then I saw the new character as the faces then I look back in a panic and it was the new character it recommends for me to have and I was really sad I came to check back a few minutes later to see if my character will be back and it wasn't In fact it was worse my character was all gray had no clothes no nothing I was sad so can you pls f,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2523,Bradley Dressler,"January 11, 2023",It's about time we get more features available for Android that are available for iphone such as dark mode. (Updated still waiting 10 months later),2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2524,Muhammad Tabsheer,"December 16, 2022","This app does not have a dark more. Seriously one of the most used social media app, and no dark mode. If open snapchat accidentally at night, then my eyes are gone, fried 🫣 Else it is fun to use",0,3,snap_chat
2525,Urwah,"January 10, 2023","It's time to add zoom in and zoom out feature to snaps, both saved and memories.",2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2526,Angela Roxanne G,"December 24, 2022",Lately I haven't been receiving notifications & it doesn't let me know when I get a new chat...I've tried deleting & reinstalling but nothing seems to work.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2527,Priscilla Knight,"December 29, 2022",Snapchat+ member and still can't choose how long I want my story to stay up. Emailed back and forth for 2 days. Still no update to fix it either.,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2528,Chiemelie nwabuisi,"January 19, 2023",There is no blur effect on the background when making so videos like iphone do. You guys should do something about. It will make this app more fun to use,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2529,Mackenzie Wheeler,"December 29, 2022","It would be nice if Snapchat fixed a few of their technical issues, like why it always says ""invalid e-mail"" whenever I try to log back into my account.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2530,Gladys Tembo,"December 11, 2022",The problem is that everytime i try to use it ..it automatically stops Ive tried downloading it more than three times so far but its still stopping,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2531,Shahnaz,"December 24, 2022","I was enjoying this app very much but suddenly when I opened this app it make me to log in and when I logged in my half of the pictures are not there, please help me,how can I get those pictures back",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2532,bee,"December 8, 2022","Honestly it's a pretty good app, but I really wish they would go back to the old 2d Bitmojis. The 3d is honestly hideous.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2533,꧁༺Osman khan༺꧁,"January 20, 2023",When I take a pic the flash isn't working properly and when I chat with someone isn't showing they r typing or not the both person's r there but it is not showing pls recover this bug fed up of this bugs,0,3,snap_chat
2534,Amy Grover,"December 8, 2022","I love the filters and how far this app has come. However, we should be able to have them load offline as well. Thanks!",9 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2535,"oohhhohrgjpfd ,","January 2, 2023","the app Dosent work well on Chromebook, the camera makes it go sideways like stretched and the filters don't work and it's very laggy and it dosent let me send bitmojis or gifs or pics from my camera roll and changing my Bitmoji is laggy and slow",3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2536,the king of procrastination,"January 9, 2023",Please do something about the scam bot accounts that do nothing but try to send you pornography. I get requests from these users every 5 minutes and fell for these multiple times. Otherwise it's fine.,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2537,kris,"December 26, 2022","It used to be Awesome, now that I have tried other apps the most annoying thing is if you leave the app the video will reset, other apps don't do that.",0,2,snap_chat
2538,Payal Shah,"December 25, 2022",This app is just amazing but the one thing is that there is no dark mode it is there in some of the phones but majority doesn't so if u could just upgrade the settings it would be great,2 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2539,vinisha vlogs,"December 15, 2022",Veryy bad app ........ Signed out my account and was not taking correct password even tried forgot password after trying it was asking for number I dailed 3 different numbers and all were showing incorrect numbers very bad app.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2540,Turtly Queen,"December 9, 2022",I'm sorry I actually liked this app But litterly it voice recorded me for 2 hours send it to my friends without me even knowing then I was looking at stickerd with my friend when I saw her face on that cameous thing and she was there she said she didn't even do anything and didn't put her face on it so they put that there and like 13 PPL SAW IT this app just got us embarrassed but I'm giving one extra star cuz I like the filters.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2541,Gemma Mccormack,"January 3, 2023",I love texting my friends and I have a good opportunity when I have school breaks and overall it is just an amazing you should definitely download it,17 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2542,Ben Sheilds,"December 12, 2022",Honestly do recommend with many options and clothing for bitmoji and it is highly recommended though it does cut out kinda I would like them to develop and fix bugs that would lead to a 5 star rating thank you,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2543,Rising Falcon,"January 3, 2023",Now it's irritating when I am opening the app it is getting closed immediately... I don't like this anymore... So fix the bug then only will i change my rating and review...😡😡😡,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2544,David Cramer,"January 1, 2023",Good app accept it makes my note 10+ 5gs amazing camera take bad photos. Takes a screenshot of what your cameras seeing so the resolution is reduced. That's just lazy on them.,0,1,snap_chat
2545,Ethan Rogers,"December 8, 2022","If you want more stars, you're gonna have to give us dark mode and all the other features you give iOS users. Update: still no dark mode and you should probably fire whoever came up with the new 3d Bitmojis.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2546,Sayan Rakshit,"December 15, 2022",Extremely poor in terms of overall experience...Swipe back gesture for Android doesn't work properly.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2547,Lillie Pressnall,"January 9, 2023",Snapchat is a fun and good app I love to snap chat my friends on fherd because it is so fun Abt I love you FaceTime alllmy friends! And Snapchat allows you to do that and I find that very fun and I hope everyone can see Snapchat isn't a bad app it really is a fun app as long as you use for good reasons if you know you know!!,22 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2548,Arman 0000,"January 4, 2023",Every thing is good like making video with filters but there is aw problem when you in video call or voice call with someone you cal call or chat only if use wanna see face and do chat at the same time is not you can do please update it same the other apps,37 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2549,Parmod goyal,"January 14, 2023",Hello!! I really live this app but there is one thing we can't set timer while selectikg a filter on search bad like that's disgusting,0,4,snap_chat
2550,Raphael Awunor,"December 21, 2022",I can't seem to change my bitmoji outfit. Whenever I tap the outfit button it just lags on an empty page.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2551,MRG ARMY FF,"December 26, 2022","Hello, It's not working properly When ever I upload a spotlight on my public profile it shows on notifications that it's public but it's still in submitted section please fix it I am not getting a single view",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2552,Gare man,"December 21, 2022",I decide which amount of access any app has to my phone. I will NOT be forced to allow all access to my phone just to use snapchat. Do not like this latest update.,0,1,snap_chat
2553,Sharon Monteith,"December 22, 2022",I've always liked snapchat buy recently everytime I try to go on text it kicks me out the app I can take pics fine but can't see texts or send them i can Lso see the snap chat post things idk what happened I hope it is not a bug as it say they have been fixed,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2554,Kayilah Deleon,"December 20, 2022","It is good, but it has been taking people off of my private story and when i try to add them back, it says"" sorry, we could not find so amd so. I dont know how to fix it",2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2555,Timmy Zimmerman,"January 29, 2023",I love this app thire are so many filters you can choose and this app is also free and you can call people text them and there's no ad's it is the best so what are you waiting for go and download this app Snapchat! ☺️😁❤️💕,16 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2556,rahuf khan,"January 16, 2023","Unable to add more friends , it say friend list is full, Give more space for new friends . Give option to unfriend in a one single short.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2557,Jeon Tanisha,"January 1, 2023",Everything is ok after the update but in chats whatever i am typing is shown as location like if i type hi.. It shows as location fix it as soon as possible,0,2,snap_chat
2558,Ambeya Rahman,"December 19, 2022",Do not well doing work When I open my snapchat my phone was hanged and my snapchat work very slow I can't see my messages immediately Really very disappointed!!!!!!! So i give only one star!!!!!!,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2559,Shekhar Thakur,"January 1, 2023",All features are so good but I think it can be more useful if you provide a feature to save a spotlight.........,0,5,snap_chat
2560,Austin Prunty,"January 3, 2023",Snapchat doesn't care about Android. Got any friends with an iphone that make fun of how low quality your Snapchat pictures are? Don't we deserve dark mode too?? And the other features you're keeping from us? What's the point in it anyway? There's more powerful android phones than apple will ever be able to produce so don't tell us it's a hardware limitation. It's you.,0,1,snap_chat
2561,Bryce Andrews,"January 10, 2023","3D Bitmojis look terrible. Did you even do any user testing?? Please bring back the 2D versions, or at least make the 2D ones an option. Heck, I might even entertain paying for snapchat plus just to disable the atrocity that is 3D bitmoji",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2562,Will Tinsdeall,"December 20, 2022","Grim. Won't let me hide ""content"" notifications without hiding ones for my actual conversations, the content is vacuous drivel, and the adverts are every 15 seconds",0,1,snap_chat
2563,Loud Goat,"January 9, 2023",Theres always a bug with snapchat. At least one. And when they fix it.. Another problem occurs more often.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2564,Beau Breslin,"January 2, 2023","I love Snapchat its a great way to talk to friends at have fun. They're are so many filters to where you can send, funny, silly, or wishing a friend happy birthday.",18 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2565,Giveaway Complete,"January 6, 2023",I could have rated it 5stars but I have one problem I can't add friends on my quick friends pls fix that. But the app is good and cool to use I recommend it for anyone,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2566,Daniel Miller,"January 5, 2023",I don't allow them permission to look at my contacts in my privacy settings but they do anyways. I get bombarded with notifications about my contacts being on Snapchat.,5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2567,Samentha Siera,"December 25, 2022",This app is decent and wonderful I always like using it it is truly osam and fun i enjoy the filters so much most of my time I am on snapchat this app also helps me get closer to family and friends by showing the filters ......have a great day😁,10 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2568,Apiew Ochalla,"January 10, 2023",I love the app I just wish that's they would also have app appearance with Android because I hate having Snapchat on light mode I want it on dark mode but when I go to change it there is no app appearance.......,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2569,SAMEER NAEEM,"January 18, 2023","Android users treated as second class citizens. Still does not have Dark mode available even though it's been accessible for months on iOS, maybe even a year.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2570,Artistic Creation with Akshit,"January 24, 2023",My snapchat isn't working properly its screen has automatically zoomed in and i am not getting a full screen back i tried by just reinstalling it for more than 3 times and now this is getting very irritating just pls help this out.....,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2571,MRmicG,"January 20, 2023",Cameos suck. I can't send bitmoji stickers to friends without it trying to get me to set up a cameo. Nearly ever sticker is a cameo. Trying to find one that uses my bitmoji face is a nightmare now,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2572,Bianca Alexander,"December 17, 2022",Its very good. Lot of new filters to try out and there are always new ones. Love chatting with a lot of ppl and love taking snaps with my friends.,9 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2573,Pranav Khandelwal,"January 15, 2023",I don't know why but the quality of photos and videos I got in my Snapchat camera is worst.There is some glitch in the Snapchat camera for that I have complaint so many times but didn't get any response from the team.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2574,Vamshi Vamz,"December 29, 2022",I haven't access to use the filters option. The option is not working in my Snapchat account. Please resolve it as soon as possible.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2575,l D,"December 15, 2022","No longer works , have to keep reinstalling in order for my chats to work. I heard it's happening to lots of people right now , I hope more people complain about this. Even shake report isn't working lol",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2576,Emanuela Xhika,"January 23, 2023",When I talk to my friends or family it just ends the call out of nowhere.It dies that if I'm off the app the call just stads for a couple of minutes. I want that to be fixed,4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2577,kaur Seerat,"January 5, 2023","I don't know what the problem and how to fix it,but my snaps doesn't save in other friends snap,but i can save their snap streaks.. please solve it..",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2578,FF gamer,"December 25, 2022","Cheep hide system, I can't see the photos and videos which I had moved to hide system of snap chat, It is just buffring and buffring. Please try to fix it as soon as posible.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2579,Denim Changmai,"January 14, 2023",Its nice but some of the stickers i didn't like at all. It was really sad to use that sticker. I gave 4 stars jst for that otherwise it is good for me to use.🙂🍭,5 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2580,Arezo farhat (Azizi),"December 8, 2022","Hi. I can't log in and sign up in the snap. And when I log in It will be written to me to try later. And a support code It comes and I don't know what to do to fix it, please help me.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2581,Lilly Bathory,"January 12, 2023",I loved snap chat but with updating it today all of a sudden the calling function does not work at all. You need to get this fixed.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2582,Me Myself And I,"December 19, 2022",I have used snaochat for a few years and I use it for pictures and messaging my friends easily. I use it often and works very nicely.,11 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2583,Ann Kiarie,"January 24, 2023","Snapchat why is your treatment to iphones different compared to androids like,I can't even create a public profile but all my friends can, really Snapchat really,Also I request that when someone reports a bug or needs help with something, y'all should reply IMMEDIATELY Why y'all replying after 2-3 months, And can you please stop giving me a cropped camera it makes my pictures look ugly what makes you think that I would like to have a ⅓ black camera",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2584,Fel B,"December 23, 2022","Why is there no dark mode for Android? This is stupid, my whole phone is dark mode except this dumb app. Just recently downloaded but won't be using much, and will probably delete soon if no dark mode come available.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2585,Wyatt Linder,"January 15, 2023",The app is being super sluggish for no reason and is super leggy no matter what. It has only been happening since rhe last two updates.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2586,Hassan Raza,"December 13, 2022",Snapchat great app Time by time the app has new features easy to use and we can play games and chat and call with friends Especially we can watch spotlight when bored . Amazing camera with cute nice filters .....✨,32 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2587,Moonchild tae,"December 30, 2022",it glitches too much and kicks me out a lot of times. It's just a waste of time to log in and log back out and re-download the app.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2588,abhijit s,"December 12, 2022","How to change the colour of the text, i can't read any text message my frends send me, it's white on white background, please help me then i will cange my ratings to 5 stars, so far that's the only problem i see. 🙏❤👍",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2589,Dr Rajat Singh,"December 18, 2022","Even after turning off contact syncing and then deleting the synced contacts many times, I'm getting friend suggestions of my contacts. Please delete my contact data permanently.",0,1,snap_chat
2590,jason ocampo,"January 15, 2023",Lately the app itself has been super laggy never had this issue before... too many ads when watching stories.,7 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2591,daniel kovvali,"December 30, 2022","There is no option for truning off discover mode, and all of that content is inappropriate. I'm gonna uninstall Snapchat app until they update ""turn off discover"".",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2592,lamliven galactic,"January 11, 2023",I was temporarily locked off my account and got it back a while ago. I tried to make a spare second account the next day and I instantly got temporarily locked off it again after I had gotten my account back from 2 months of being locked off. Useless app,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2593,Matt C,"December 16, 2022",No dark mode still after years of user base demanding it. Yet it's present for iOS for forever. Looking for an alternative to Snapchat that has this feature.,0,1,snap_chat
2594,Isabelle Devey,"January 7, 2023",For some reason all my friends have the highlighter pen and I don't witch is really ANNOYING so fix that please but other them that this app is basically perfect and my favourite app to use,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2595,Aaraf Farooq,"January 11, 2023",this is a brilliant app although sometimes while exporting any memory from snapchat it does took a really long time and after 5 to 10 minutes the system declares that snapchat is not responding which disappointed me alot although the application is really good,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2596,Thanx Chenai,"December 26, 2022",I am new to this platform its good but l have a problem there is a girl who requested to be my friend but all of a sudden she started calling and sending nude pictures to me l told her respectfully that l am a girl and l am straight l dont like what she is doing but it seems she isn't listening keeps sending nude pic n disgusting videos. I tried blocking her but l can't find the option please help else will b forced to uninstall the app because she isn't resting. Thank u otherwise nice app,0,2,snap_chat
2597,Lexi Havery,"December 30, 2022",It's rey good because I can text my friends send them vidos or photos and I can she were there location is so thats nice 🙂 and its nice so then I can what vidos aswell as texting my friend so that's so amazing so I'm giving it a 4 star,8 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2598,Noona 91,"December 21, 2022","Idk if it's just me or not, but there is a bug after the update that I can't see the stories, the screen turns to black and it's not the first time",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2599,Estella Xox,"January 10, 2023",I luv Snapchat it is very fun and easy talking to my friends an i am in love with the cool funny filters that the owners provide for us to use and this app does not glitch but I want them to app new features and this must be downloaded for you and your friend LOL😘😏😊💕❤️👍🏻,21 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2600,Iqra Manzoor,"January 1, 2023","Camera resolution is changed in my vivo v11 mobile, its very unusual. The video expands abnormally to fit into the the new resolution. Kindly fix this issue😭😭😭",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2601,swerwin jesú,"January 9, 2023",Reason why im giving 2 stars is the customer service I reached out to support because the front camera flash in the app doesnt work for my Samsung S21 FE Ive tried many methods trying to fix it and they could not help me at all,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2602,Puspender Tripathi,"December 31, 2022",It is really good to click pictures they looks attractive....in spotlight the video takes so much internet...but i like the sticker and bitmoji it is really good so it deserves 4 stars,9 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2603,Ronan Graham,"December 13, 2022","I love this app,I understand that parents don't like the messages being deleted after the kid views it but you can just change that in settings. A great app",8 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2604,michelle thapa,"December 20, 2022",my friends can't save my snaps in chat even though I have changed the setting to loop or infinity in both photos and videos.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2605,sushma Devi,"January 1, 2023","I started this app as my friends suggested to but as I started to use it I started having problems, my friends are unable to save my snaps in their chats. Please look after my issue.",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2606,eden k.,"February 1, 2023",This app is just amazing but the only thing is it has a bunch of bugs and my cameos glitch like its just a bunch of glitched lines but everything else is good👍,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2607,Bryttani,"December 14, 2022",It could be better I mean when you go to watch someone's story there's a bunch of adds and to really annoying but other than that the apps great thank yo,3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2608,Marisa Smith,"December 6, 2022",I use this app a lot but damn I hate the 3D models of my friends. They're so ugly and poorly rendered compared to the old cartoon ones. Why does the app keep having trash updates?,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2609,Faaiz Khan,"February 12, 2023","New update mess up the colours of a picture if you add song to it and export It to the gallery,Please fix that thank you.",0,1,snap_chat
2610,A Google user,"February 6, 2023","Lately its been lagging alot, i have redowloded it 3 Times now and I have no more uppdate. Otherwise this app is amazing and I use it daily!",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2611,Devashish Thube,"September 9, 2022","Really good for taking photos.... Although I recently got a new phone and downloaded Snapchat on there, and it has not been working properly. It makes all the interact able text grey and I have to press it to read what it is... I really hope some solution is provided for this bug. Other than that? FANTASTIC.",77 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2612,Banou VA,"February 11, 2023","This happens all the time where Snapchat says ""something went wrong try again later"" it happened right now I can't send messages or receive messages",0,3,snap_chat
2613,Shalom Sarkodie,"December 8, 2022","I uninstalled the app and installed it again Because I've forgotten my password I'm not able to login my old account and it worrying me alot. Now I can't use the app it's just on my phone without any logins, please help me get back my old accoun",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2614,rana fahad,"February 3, 2023",New latest update is not good. My snapchat screen get short after the updating version. Please help me to fix this problem.,0,2,snap_chat
2615,Jazmine Atchley,"December 26, 2022",Snap chat I very good but sometimes it will lag and I can't see my messages or friends for days or hours(2020?) . Now the filters and snap chat is bugging I can't do anything.(2021) it's the same (2022),3 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2616,Jade Reimer,"December 14, 2022",Waaayy too many ads. Like 4 adds through one story sometimes. Why would someone pay for premium when they're already so displeased with the app. 😅 Miss Snap OG,5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2617,Shel Pabs,"December 28, 2022",Why can't I take an photo? I can't also view all the pictures at my save snap... I kept trying to take an photo but it didn't work even our WiFi is not slow enough... Plss fix this,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2618,Vi,"February 9, 2023","Can you please get the damn filters out of my way so I can move my texts out from underneath it, my word it's aggravating.",0,1,snap_chat
2619,bhf shivanibisht sb blackheartfam,"January 13, 2023",I can't give a star bcoz it's such stupid app I remove friends then it's too long time to delete & also no featured given to all friend once in a time to remove which one I was deleted but snapchat have no good features to delete friends I really disappoint this app i will respond some one story but it's only 2 week for shown & then this third week the story responding is gone how ridiculous I really disappointed I wish uninstalled this app & some time every snap story it's save in snap gallery,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2620,IReapz Ecx,"October 16, 2022","Why can't I send videos longer then 60, and edit if longer then 10? The reporting does nothing, filled with bugs, missing features on android (like dark mode and ultra wide camera), poor optimisation, and the only way to open scanned music is on apple music?? Why don't certain snaps load, like I'll be sent 7 videos because snapchat splits them up in a really stupid way and the first 2 won't load stopping me from watching them. Finally got pinned chats after ios has had them for well one a year.",530 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2621,Tayyaba Khalid,"December 19, 2022",After update my filter could not open I can't click any single pic or video I don't know how to do if any body know so please help me to solve this problem.,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2622,mohsin raza,"February 16, 2023","I am very angry because this app (was) my favourite one I have maded many streaks but unfortunately my brother delete Snapchat so, I reinstall it but now I am trying from about 1 hour but it is just showing something wrong plzzz support",0,1,snap_chat
2623,Michelle Reiche,"October 11, 2022","Camera error. Nothing is fixing it. I keep getting a message ""unable to access camera"". I've update my software, uninstalled and reinstalled the app, cleared cache, restarted phone numerous times, allowed all permission. NOTHING helps. I can get it to work for one snap and then back to the same issue. All.other apps work fine with the camera. Fix your glitch, Snapchat!",182 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2624,Rudra Singh,"December 20, 2022","Whenever, I want to send a Spotify snap to someone there is no page is loaded that one problem that I face rest of them the app is very good❤️",0,4,snap_chat
2625,Prabhleen Kaur,"February 18, 2023",This is the nice app for taking snaps and chatting with friends both. Lovely app but there are some issues.,0,5,snap_chat
2626,Haneen Alkhathaami,"September 17, 2022","The application works well and excellent, but there is a problem that I hope you can fix, which is the quality of the videos and images .... My phone is Galaxy S21 Ultra. When I took pictures in the Snap with great quality and I see them on the iPhone devices they look very bad. Please fix this problem for Android users..Please listen to our problems",60 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2627,Aaryan Tiwari,"February 11, 2023",When i click on changing outfits for some time it start buffering then white screen comes and same in editing bitmoji also. 👎,0,1,snap_chat
2628,Jack (Beast boy),"January 30, 2023","Its grate but my accounts repeatedly get temporary locked or banned I don't know why.Im unable to unlock the acc cuz I don't have a phone number to verify my acc.My SIM card's incompatible with the phone I have&use.Snapchat won't let me use my email instead and I keep loosing frends,girlfriends and family & When I downloaded my acc Data it won't let me see who I had been frends & blocked and it's difficult this is the only way for me to text and call family & friends and I keep getting banne👻👻",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2629,FunnyRandomGamer,"January 21, 2023",I really like the app but it has a few bugs at times and I hate that they added the 3D models it needs to be 2D again or have a choice,4 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2630,Rana Aman,"February 5, 2023",Whenever I opened my data to recover my pic and videos and enter my password it always shows that password is incorrect but it is true password,0,1,snap_chat
2631,Jay (Omen),"September 14, 2022","I always have log in issues on Androids. Multiple accounts don't stay on the login screen and you have to login each time. Then even when your password is right it'll tell you your account can't be found or your password is incorrect etc. And if you change your password, it says password changed but your new password still won't work... When on calls, you can't view or reply messages, videos don't play full after a while, some filters don't load. There's so many issues you guys need to fix.",890 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2632,tajera Clark,"February 15, 2023",I keep trying to change my username and it's saying passwords only change once a year. It is now 2023 and it's still saying I changed it on 5/20/22.,0,1,snap_chat
2633,Tanishka Sharma,"December 8, 2022",Its all good but since last two-three days i m facing problems using this app ....whenever i open this app i am unable to click anywhere nothing works at all ....u guyz need to fix these things 🙃 Soo unhappy by this thing!!🙃🙃,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2634,Lucky yadav,"January 26, 2023","App is nice, but don't no why spotlight favorites is not entered in my list of favorite .Please give a suggesten Don't no why but my stories is not appears on my public profile plz fix this problem",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2635,Mehreen Shaikh,"January 14, 2023",The worst app ever because they are showing notification for updating messages but they are mean to update the app and the notifications shown every weeks,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2636,Reignae,"September 25, 2022","I'm not able to save videos/ pictures that are not originally taken in Snapchat to my snap memories anymore and I don't get why. Usually, I'm able to press share, select Snapchat and then when it opens up a download button would allow me to save it to memories ... I don't have that luxury anymore and it really is an inconvenience, please fix this issue.",61 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2637,Kasey Lanning,"September 12, 2022","Slow to receive and send. Since recent update, the amount of time it takes to use this app has increased. At first I thought it was just maybe my connection, however, all other apps are working with no issue. I've uninstalled, force shut down, and still no improvement.",44 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2638,D Geil,"February 1, 2023","It desperately needs a dark mode, very straining on the eyes and really hard on battery life. Other than that it is a very well made app. Edit: Camera viewfinder aspect ratio is completely off, black bars on either side. Still no dark mode 4 years after it was supposed to be implemented. I'm still not sure why the app functions completely different for apple users when their competition has had no issue adding all features for all devices. Tons of ads.",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2639,SHAFI AHMAD,"December 10, 2022",It's just a rlly bad app honestly don't download it before from my old id if i wanted to put my story i could just import it from my gallery but then i made a new id (zaraiszara22) there is no option to import and put my story from my gallery please bring that option back for me and to others plz don't download it's just pure scam,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2640,Azlynn Pun,"February 11, 2023","The greatest app to take selfies,if you remember your account name and password you can log back in anytime great too.",0,5,snap_chat
2641,Sami June,"January 28, 2023","Besides the awful camera, since implementation of the new filter selection (the scrolling dots at the bottom) my experience has been buggy and frustrating. Often the text will get stuck behind the filters and I cant move it. In the last week I've been experiencing the filters freezing. So, I'll write a caption, it will oddly jump to the bottom of the screen when I exit the keyboard then I'll accidentally turn on filters when trying to move it, the filters glitch out and i have to start over.",0,2,snap_chat
2642,Rachel “Ray_xs”,"December 22, 2022",I love this app super easy to work with so cool. Love the filters . You can make lots of friends and make a avater!😊,7 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2643,caleb negrea,"January 15, 2023","Still has bugs like ""every time I get a snap there I get the last 10 people added again at freshly added people"", I get notifications about someone writing me without them even being in the chat or trying to write something",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2644,Reece Verplak,"February 1, 2023","I use daily, but the sheer amount of lag when using filters on my note 20 ultra is disgusting, my hardware exceeds almost all other phones, yet still lags...",0,1,snap_chat
2645,David,"February 3, 2023",Almost unusable. Can you imagine watching a TV show with 5 minutes of content and 25 minutes of ads? Yeah that's Snapchat.,0,1,snap_chat
2646,N Periard,"December 28, 2022",I've tried everything I can find online as of right now I cannot add friends and I have less than a hundred. It keeps telling me my friend list is full.,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2647,Gold Okoduwa,"December 27, 2022",The filters used to edit a photo is not showing when i downloaded the app. I tried deleting and re installing but still nothing,0,2,snap_chat
2648,Janet Sheddan,"December 24, 2022",It's really good it really let's you show your creativity but sometimes it's really glitchy and the avatar I do normally doesn't save when I save it,0,4,snap_chat
2649,Aqdas Mehmood,"January 15, 2023",When I bought this phone about 1 year ago I installed snapchat and experience this app in the beginning there was no lagging and other issues but as the time passed away it started lagging and one day the folder of snapchat pics were suddenly removed and I got shocked that what just happened I want to report you that why my whole folder of snapchat lics was removed?,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2650,James Prada,"January 5, 2023",Damn. It's good! There's little chaos with all those filters. It should be better to view without trying. Let's go back to work guys!,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2651,Ilyas Karim,"December 24, 2022","There should be a button to undo last snap for all accounts, people are with mistakes. Also there is no button or way to select multiple messages",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2652,Saaya Liyakatali,"January 5, 2023",I used to love snap but now it sucks big time. If I am unactive on a group chat - my messages will not go through when I log back in. It crashes and the new update is no good,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2653,Alexi Collins,"February 14, 2023",Ive been using snapchat since 2018 all on differet devices and i love it but why did iyou hqve to take way the games. Im seriousky so upset and furious it was probs te oy games i played especialky on call with someone. Please bring them back!,0,3,snap_chat
2654,hunain manzoor,"January 8, 2023",Snapchat is a really good social media app bit unfortunately it should be optimized for Android phoness to as like i phones i have a oneplus 8t but unfortunately the videos i take from Snapchat r not optically stabalized really shaky footage i get but the pictures i take r really good nd one more thing there is not dark mode,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2655,Janice Johnson,"February 9, 2023","This app is the best. I can chat with all my friends long distances, and when I don't have their number, I recommend this app",0,5,snap_chat
2656,Lizz Holland,"February 5, 2023",Having too many issues. When in a call i either can't hear the person I'm calling or the call randomly ends,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2657,Skyler Graham,"February 15, 2023",I love snap but there's one problem my friends have iPhone and I have Android they say they can't see my camera and it's getting annoying can you please fix that🙏🙏🙏😭,0,5,snap_chat
2658,Mac L,"September 14, 2022","I would happily pay for a premium version of Snapchat that didn't include advertisements or a discover page. The discover page is pure garbage for the mind. No matter how much I hide channels and try not to follow certain content it makes no difference, it keeps coming up, and there's nothing good on there anyway. I also try to unrecommend Friend suggestions as I have people I work with in my phone, but then the app keeps suggesting them as Friends.",46 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2659,Gunjan Rajpal,"February 3, 2023",My camera is not showing full screen from 2 days. It's kinda zoomed in. Can't get good pictures.,0,1,snap_chat
2660,Akil,"December 22, 2022",App is not opening it is not working properly or not opening when I am putting the user Id and password . It keeps crashing . My device is samsung s20fe 5g,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2661,Robert Bixler,"February 19, 2023","When closing the app using back button, home button or even recent windows button, there is always a small quick hard vibration that follows",0,4,snap_chat
2662,Flora Rubina,"January 28, 2023",Keep on logging me out of the app which is now annoying I've uninstall the app a couple of times and installed again Logged in and out but the issue is still there kindly fix it,0,1,snap_chat
2663,Sachin Sagar,"February 11, 2023",It is not working well and also it hangs and not opens also sometimes I have uninstalled and installad so many times for this reason can please set this problem,0,2,snap_chat
2664,Faizan Roghani,"December 19, 2022","Poor customer service, I have been trying to contact them for quite sometime.. I deactivated my account now it can't be reactivated constantly saying its reactivating for past 3 months",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2665,Niramay Mehta,"October 25, 2022","Still a lot of bugs Change the way we interact with the Carousel of Lenses-have a separate menu for Fav lense/Lenses we use regularly for quick access The feature was there where you can swipe left and see you favourite Lenses, suddenly disappeared Have a consistent look across devices, I have two accounts and both of them look completely different on one single device! A very useful navigation bar was there 2 days ago, where you can sort out using the shortcuts, unreplied chats etc Disappeared",150 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2666,Zaid Shaikh,"January 26, 2023",It was working fine but now i have massive black border at my top and bottom also if i switch to another account then the problem is resolved but when i get back to the original id then the problem is back,0,1,snap_chat
2667,Uma Singh,"December 19, 2022","yeah i don't want to say about filters, this filters are amazing but one thing which disappoint me very much when i download my snaps it download 8 times so i'm very disappointed with this.....Thanku",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2668,jason,"January 6, 2023",snapchat on android has always been optimized terribly no matter what phone you have. iphone 6 and beyond that will be miles better for snap then any samsung. i know yall won't fix it bc why make an app good right?,0,2,snap_chat
2669,Monika Samdhyan,"January 1, 2023",Bad experience with this app I install it everyday as it stops working due to the policy. Its difficult to me. Unpleasant thing for me.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2670,Jay Soni,"February 3, 2023",I am getting a continue error of Due to repeated failed attempts or another unusual activity your access to snapchat is temporary disabled.. where i can login from my friends mobile. Why I am not able to login from my phone ???,0,5,snap_chat
2671,Kai Haizlip,"September 14, 2022","whenever i try to watch a story on the discover page, it will let me get through maybe 5 or 6 segments, and then it will randomly reset at the first segment in that set of 5 or 6. this includes commercials. when it does this, i have to skip through the segments i already watched, then it lets me get through 5 or 6 more segments and does the same thing again. this happens throughout the entire story, every single time i watch a story, for months.",69 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2672,Beloved Hultus,"September 21, 2022","The app was alright, I had some nit picks but I managed to work around them. However I'm forced to re-download it cause of a weird bug where I'm stuck on the opening camera and cannot explore my messages. Nothing seems to be responding and I'm unable to do anything.",65 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2673,Cindy Knowles,"February 5, 2023",It's alright it's got some times where is won't work and it will get all glitchy but other than that it's a pretty good app,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2674,Adrian kiwi,"February 3, 2023",Just won't send or get message or won't add friends. It's a mess. Updated it too and it's still playing up,0,1,snap_chat
2675,Kayla Williams,"December 24, 2022","I love it... but I have downloaded it on ,y Samsung tab A multiple times before... I accidently deleted it and now it is saying ""your parent blocked this app"" I'm not even apart of family link. It's the only way I can talk to my long distance boyfriend...",3 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2676,Noah Keely,"October 14, 2022","Turning off notifications broke the app. I'm using a Google pixel 6A and when I turned off notifications the camera was blinking and I couldn't navigate the app at all, it would freeze entirely or videos seen on spotlight (if I could get there) would play like you're rapidly pausing and unpausing. Please fix this I shouldn't have to have notifications on to use your app.",142 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2677,Noman Khan,"January 9, 2023","I love the concept of Snapchat, It is really unique and no similar app is found in any of the iOS or Android Marketplace. Snapchat is widely used for self-photography as well. Amazing filters make it so addictive that it gained immense popularity. People send disappearing picture messages called snaps in real-time to keep the audience (friends, family, etc.) engaged. AI and AR-based superb filters can be developed and integrated and shared among friends. Snapchat has tonnes of use cases, they or",36 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2678,Matti Johnson,"September 27, 2022","Android optimization has reached the point where I can open my app and the ONLY thing that works is the front camera. I can't take a picture, swipe off the camera screen, or anything else. I just get to make faces at myself on the screen :( can't even go look at my conversations.",40 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2679,Ethan Porter,"October 25, 2022","Notifications should have different categories for story's and messaging. The camera still doesn't work properly; it's obviously using some janky way of accessing it, especially the front camera. Fidelity is extremely low compared to the native camera, it seems like the zoom simply enlarges the low quality camera view.",98 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2680,Ahsaan Aftab,"December 31, 2022",Very bad experience I deleted my snap id on 23 December 2022 and now when I wanted to login again within 30 but somehow I forget my password and now I am unable to login again and server is not working properly Awful experience,0,1,snap_chat
2681,Punit Dhiman,"January 25, 2023","When i last update this app it shows some issues,when i send snaps when wifi is connected it shows fail to send ... plz fix this ☹️☹️",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2682,Khadija G,"September 18, 2022","It's a good app, and fun for posting stories, using filters and generally staying in touch with people. Main issue I have with it however, is the pictures and videos I have shared to my eyes only, I cannot access at all. It just keeps glitching. Very irritating",47 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2683,Your Average guy,"January 30, 2023",There is way too many ads in the posts and it appears roughly every 10 to 15 seconds maybe even less.,4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2684,Shalini Srivastava,"January 21, 2023",Best app u should go for it it allows u to play games send messages audios send snaps edit you avatar click pictures and it also allows you to access your friends location best app,14 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2685,Hargundeep Singh,"February 9, 2023",This is a good app but there is partiallity among ios and android users.There is no option to make boomerrang. we want this option too.,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2686,saaliha safa,"December 24, 2022","Idk what's wrong but ever since the update I did a few days ago my Snapchat has trouble logging in after I log out , I often have to delete and reinstall again and again to log in without a trouble please Rectify this message",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2687,Annika Louriel V. Castor,"December 26, 2022","I hate the shutter sound, I can't take pictures due to the noice during the night It should have an option!!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2688,Abdus Saboor,"February 18, 2023","Once a mahaaaan person said, S.C is d best app.... Yes it's best in sucks 🤬🤬 sometimes it restarts auto, sometimes goes hang, sometimes just a useless.",0,1,snap_chat
2689,James Holder,"December 23, 2022","Snapchat has been awesome for me for yrs. But I wake up and check it this morning, and now I've not been able to get any messages or get on and check it all day.",0,1,snap_chat
2690,Matthew Goes,"January 30, 2023",Putting random add friend buttons next to stories is a recipe for accidents and frustration. Not good virtual Feng Shui.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2691,Samaraa Cadet,"February 6, 2023",And let me call to my friend but the bad part is I'm trying to call her right now but it keeps on saying it cannot connect this is the internet is very bad but our internet is very good and they can let us call her but it won't let us call the people,0,4,snap_chat
2692,Katelyn Stokes,"December 6, 2022",No dark mode. iPhone has had it for months. It's a basic accessibility feature.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2693,Kevin Green,"February 16, 2023","This app can be really good, if you haven't (like me) had a stroke and can't remember the last message you sent. Ok there's an option to delete messages 24hours later but I work very long weekends and that feature isn't any good to me. It would be great if the person receiving messages can store and build up like a normal phone message and we can then delete them later. It's probably not a problem to most people who have a great memory, unfortunately I don't. But still the concept is fantastic.",0,3,snap_chat
2694,Adeeba Rehman,"January 23, 2023",Everything is good but when I send snap to anyone the people aren't in recently shared snaps I have to scroll down till the end finding people with whom I was maintaining streaks!,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2695,hgpostma2,"February 12, 2023","Snaps are sending without audio, even tho I checked and it did when I sent it. My friends say my snaps are all mute",0,1,snap_chat
2696,paul turner,"February 14, 2023","Dude jfc stop moving the caption bar ON TOP OF THE FILTERS THAT YOU ALSO CAN'T MOVE like gd I love snap but y'all just driving it into the ground Edit : y'all I think they fixed it, thank you, rating back to 5",0,5,snap_chat
2697,Pradeep Jangra,"January 21, 2023",This is really nice app . But now something few days before there was a problem with me to related this app.my problem is that I can't receive or send any snap Orr msg from my friends please help me to solve this problem thanks 🙏,0,4,snap_chat
2698,Emma Jade,"January 27, 2023",I use Snapchat so much for me there's personally no bugs and it's wonderful I have a 730 snap score cause I go on all the time I also love how it's a texting app and a video app like tiktok or something idk but this is really good I do recommend,13 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2699,Mehak Latwal,"September 11, 2022",Recently it's been much buggy than in the beginning when I started to use it. First it was limited to the videos only...but now snaps also...like every other video is narrowed when I tap to see it...and speaking of the snaps...its like viewing one snap in 2 different orientations ...snaps laid horizontally blurred and vertically narrowed on top of each other. Please look into this asap.,"1,172 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
2700,D elacruz PIEDAD,"January 10, 2023","I can't sign up It always say my access on snapchat is temporarily disabled,Due to repeated attempts or other suspicious activity ,but it's my first time using the app idk wht to do.",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2701,Matrix Creator,"January 22, 2023",I cant make it dark mode and it never updates on time like it should. it also updated then i logged out and logged back in and the update went away.,0,1,snap_chat
2702,Tyler Waltz,"December 19, 2022","It's just fake profiles sending nudes trying to get you to click a link. Been this way for years, apparently they don't care",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2703,Judith Castillo,"January 6, 2023",I enjoy Snapchat but why there's no dark mode for android? I usually use this app at night so I need also to turn on dark mode. But it doesn't have. Please Android users are also your clients hoping that you will improve that.,0,3,snap_chat
2704,Simran,"February 18, 2023",didn't like the new video feature it's confusing and sometimes irritating in Android (just my point of view),0,4,snap_chat
2705,Curtis Moore,"February 7, 2023",Snapshot to me in my opinion needs to show their identity Moore quit being fake about it it's quit hiding their identity too much if they don't want to be on snapshot that is a gamble beyond snapshot because you don't even talk to her what you told me to l.. so there is part of my my feedback..,0,3,snap_chat
2706,Denise Dalanon,"January 2, 2023","cant change username, it says it can only be changed once a year and i havent even changed it for like 2y. why?🙄 there just ""something went wrong"" appears and i could never know why",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2707,Mason Robinson,"October 9, 2022","It was good untill everything stopped working properly, I tap on a chat and nothing pops up, I try to except a friend request or add someone and it always says something went wrong even after I reset the phone and app 3 times. On top of that my messages aren't even sending when I'm on wifi or data, it's very bad at this point and I can't fix it so I'm using other apps",129 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2708,Aparna Chavan,"December 29, 2022",It has started very recently that when ever i logout of an account it directly takes to a default face type where we cannot do anything not even go to see the snaps or even try to logout of it,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2709,Ariel Garcia,"January 16, 2023",The new reply bar at the bottom of snaps obscures & blocks part of the image. A problem when sharing screen shots of text,2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2710,Savannah Dampier,"January 2, 2023",I don't like the quick add feature. I get at least 10 notifications a day asking if I want to add people I dont know.,0,4,snap_chat
2711,Ajay Barnwal,"January 5, 2023",Heyy snapchat team... Really did good.... All the things in the app is good btt only 1 thing that us i think you should do that provide us an option by which we can read old chats with whom are not in our friend list...,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2712,Kyana Ramirez,"September 19, 2022","Terrible. Already thinking about just deleting the app; could barely watch other shorts without so many damn ads popping up three to five times within one small clip if a video. Even so, I've already reported too many ads popping up, their unskipable, and its highly irritatung and not entertaining at all.",34 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2713,ThatOld Hippie,"February 19, 2023",Don't know how it is for everybody else typing but absolutely every single person I've ever had contact with on this app is literally a prostitute. Yeah should be renamed to SnapWhore,0,1,snap_chat
2714,Alex Craddock,"February 1, 2023",It's stuffed they gotta fix the camera issue where on Android the camera isn't full screen and the camera is only on half the screen,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2715,Sarah M,"September 10, 2022","Constantly crashes, stories don't upload properly, etc, same stuff different update... Every solitary time, with the newest update your maps don't work at all, you can't see memories no matter whether you search or not, no other photos will come up (I've tried most date's of the year and not 1 old pic comes up, that did pre-update. Fix your app, it sucks!!! **Update add, why the buffering and skipping parts of stories, memories, even subscribed stories, etc, 1* til android v is fixed properly.",789 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2716,Lia Sefton-Zachan,"September 29, 2022",App has been amazing for communicating with long distant friends. I would have rated the app a 5 star review however they charged me $70 for a yearly snapchat+ plan after I was an hour late to cancel my free subscription. I wasn't too worried about canceling it on time as I thought the app would charge for another month of snapchat+. However they scammed me by charging me for a year long plan. $70 is a lot of money for me as I rely on my weekly income to pay for all my bills. Very unhappy!,36 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2717,leonitis 09,"November 2, 2022","Some added features and things need to have an off button in settings i hate the fact that things pop up on the bottom of the screen when going back on a story or something, it just gets in the way and is horribly annoying, if i could turn off and on these kind of things it would be great",162 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2718,Camden,"October 8, 2022","Usually, I'd rate 5 stars. But lately I've been having issues. Ever since my most recent post on my story(a video, about 12 seconds) the app has been crashing in the middle of simple tasks such as messaging my friends or looking at stories.",116 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2719,Craison Dosser,"October 21, 2022","Yea this new ""camera roll recap"" piss off. I don't need my camera roll to be front and center the minute someone goes into my memories. I got more private photos on my camera roll that I don't need everybody seeing. This has to be one of the stupidest decisions since allowing anyone to get directions to exactly where you are.",156 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2720,pratham Sharma,"October 29, 2022",The app is fantastic. There are tons of filters. And many more feature but the only glitch is that the dark mode doesn't work in Android. As soon as the dark mode is turned on the text on the app disappears and the app still remains in light mode,87 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2721,Gresyl Palabrica,"October 3, 2022","At first this is useful app. I used this for years to keep my memories but recently i got this bug. This bug is getting out of hand, when i took a snap in offline there's some times will lag and everything went blank, no memories, my profile loads too slow, and i try to log out but all i see is white in settings and it's DAMN frustrating. I encountered this two times, those pictures are too important to me and they just disappeared out of the blue. I don't think i can trust this app anymore",50 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2722,Joleen DeVore,"November 2, 2022","Too many ads, and now there are stickers that clutter the bottom of the screen when I go back to watch a story from family or friends. I've accidentally sent stickers, and then had to go into the chat to delete. It is truly annoying and entirely unwanted. If I want to look at stickers, I will intentionally tap on the chat bar and click on them.",155 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2723,•ᴄᴏғғᴇᴇ ʙᴇᴀɴ•,"September 26, 2022","The app has become completely unusable for some reason. Recently it hasn't been letting me use it to take photos, use filters, check messages, or even look through my memories. I'd delete the app and reinstall it but it'd delete all my saved pictures, and it has years worth of memories on there so no way. I'm not sure if this is just a me problem but it needs to be fixed.",43 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2724,Jason Strauss,"September 19, 2022","Camera sucks as always. I keep getting notified that friends who I've had added for years are now my friends again. This notification continues to appear after every app close. As of recent, every time I click response to snap with a picture, my camera opens to a black screen and I have to flip the camera twice to get the front camera to work.",476 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2725,palamakula saiteja,"October 12, 2022","All the app features are good but one thing I don't like that, it is showing how many mutual friends are there with another friend but I need to know who are the mutual ones (i.e., simply I need the names of the mutual friends). If it is possible try to solve this one. Except this all are good in my view.",138 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2726,Dylan olsen,"September 17, 2022",I love the app but greed is great with this one. I love using the app. Many cool features to use and watching stories from around the world is amazing. They stuff adds down your throat even if you use the subscription. Just a blatant pay wall for extra features that are completely creepy or useless.,26 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2727,Nikunj Bhargav,"October 31, 2022","Yesterday I made a video, 1st video by share chat but I can't open it. It shows ""something went wrong"" everytime I try to open it. I can't export, save, share or open it. I want that video urgently. i tried to contact but as usual no response even after Posting his review not getting any response in last 3 days.",104 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2728,Lily Caviale,"October 12, 2022","I love using snapchat but after the newest update it would not work correctly.. I can't even go to answer my snapchats or anything anymore. The screen is stuck on the camera part and i cant leave that part. And after switching from iphone to smasung there is a huge quality difference. Another thing is, i dont like how i cant put snap on dark mode. I dont think that's really that fair to the people without iphones.",74 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2729,Lee R,"September 11, 2022","downloaded the app for about 5 mins, kept freezing and having to reopen and close it. managed to start talking to one of my friends on it and after a couple of messages it froze again, tried to close the app and the entire screen was frozen on black, tried to turn my phone on and off again to shut everything down and now my phone is stuck on the samsung powering on screen, and has been for 10 mins. this phone is 1 year old with no past faults or repairs. app broke my phone.",94 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2730,Hrafn Þorvaldsson,"October 17, 2022","On a new Pixel 6a running Android 13 the camera preview keeps flickering and most input touches don't work. Tried to report a bug, and when I was finally able to click the option the UI elements on the bug screen immediately started growing in size and translated off screen. Something is massively wrong with these last two versions (noticed this one version before, and hoped current one would have fixed the issue)",85 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2731,Rohan Lukhoo,"October 16, 2022",Snapchat shortcuts limited to 200. Really?? I have more than 200 and I can't even manage to create shortcuts for each set of 200. Like I can't know who is in my first shortcut so that I don't add them in a second shortcut. Also have to send different snap for different shortcuts. Omg too bad. Why can't simply just have a select all button.,94 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2732,Leigha Terwilliger,"October 5, 2022",its like the best texting and calling app ever like honestly i love it ive been using snapchat sence 2018 it is a great way to catch up with friends like outside of school and outside of work and you can talk to people all around the world! its crazy!!! i love to be able to add randome people off of quick add and making new friends as well. and it doesnt cost a dime! its sp useful for so many different reasons and snap map is cool so you can see where people are from so you dont have to ask!!!!!,461 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2733,Kaila Henderson,"September 26, 2022",I rate it a 4 only because when I create videos and put a sound in it it always has me mouthing the song about 2 seconds later than the words had already gone. Other than that the app is wonderful because I get to text and video call my friends anytime I want. So thanks for creating this kid friendly app and I really appreciate it.,98 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2734,Ali Bettencourtt,"October 1, 2022","Annoying to use now. For some reason everything I open the app, it is making my phone buzz. Not a constant buzz but a repeating buzz along with a sound. Only while I have this app open. It's so annoying to even respond to a message from a friend and having it going off the whole time I have the app open. Is there a fix for this?",44 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2735,Morgan Sippel,"September 29, 2022",I have a galaxy z fold 4 and snapchat Is reluctant to fix the aspect ratios the fold phones have been out for the last couple years. You would think they would fix this small issue. No one likes seeing bars around my pictures. Or having stretched out photos. I know this isn't a common phone but it's around enough.,"1,061 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
2736,Laurelz,"September 19, 2022","Lately snapchat takes forever to send snaps. It also pops up on my phone that snapchat is updating messages and it stays ""updating"" for about a half hour. Didnt find anywhere to report it on the app. I have had snapchat for years and this bug has only been happening the past few months but super annoying. Takes forever to get and send messages even with data turned on",28 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2737,Savannah Huizar,"October 27, 2022","Easy to use, cute filters and location stamps. I haven't had problems with Snapchat except for these last few months when spam accounts started adding me as a friend and sending links for their cam sites. It's annoying as hell and I literally want to just delete my account because it is so ridiculous. There should be more steps to authenticate your account and it shouldn't be that easy for new accounts to add literal random strangers, it doesn't matter what my settings are, it still happens.",125 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2738,Jonathan Richard-Brochu,"September 18, 2022","Never used Snapchat until 2w ago, installed it because someone wanted to show me a ""lens"" & some'd rather send me messages through it instead. It's pretty bad that the app sends ads through the notification system every 15-30mins, but it's darn *lousy* to have them go through the ""Snap & chats"" channel, meaning to rid the UX of those pesting ads one needs to also accept losing push notifications for messages, essentially making the app no more useful than fancy email. Damn, you really suck.",37 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2739,Jhanerie Clark,"October 8, 2022","I understand and also don't understand why people give this app a 1 because it won't work for them. But overall this app is really good and I'm here to help other people understand. One, You can communicate other people such as family, friends and more just by adding them. Two, the app has something where you can add as may people as you need. Three, you can use cool filters, look back through your memories, and also has my eyes only. Overall the is a very good app to use, and make c pictures :)",152 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2740,Anushka Mondal,"September 16, 2022","The new update somehow keeps crashing the app. There a few problems like the ""saved in chat"" option in the friendship profile now takes too long to load and sometimes doesn't even load. Slow functioning. Other than that, rest is all perfect.",27 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2741,water pop tarts,"October 30, 2022","They can make a Halloween themed map for all phones but they are still yet to make a dark mode for Android... Otherwise useful app, has things like weather and time zones on the map. However I don't like using the chat as it's tedious saving every message. Also the camera quality gets worsened.",105 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2742,ADA JULIET ADA,"October 23, 2022","It's fun using this app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Very easy-going and great to have it phones.......it doesn't waste time of editing your pictures..,..cos even without the edition all the pictures still looks good and great just as good to go..... I experienced this during my matriculation day at federal University wukari taraba state.. I so much love it and that's the best app I always used..... So I so much appreciate the group of companies that produced this very App for our comfortability..",664 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2743,Ayla Barnett,"October 19, 2022","Nothing sends or loads anymore. It's been months and still have trouble. Regardless of what kind of service I have it doesn't seem to work. Videos can take days to send, same thing with loading chats. It has literally made the app useless. My phone's less than a year old, there's no reason why I can't use this. Ridiculous.",85 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2744,Smritikona Khatua,"September 27, 2022","Hate this damn app. Whenever i click something which i find cute they remove the filter from that exact picture. Like what the f-? I'm using this app only for clicking pictures and I like the filters. But if they can't deliver proper results then it is just rubbish. I really just hate this app. It keeps crashing, so dumb! Why doesn't the filter come up when I check the photos? Wth? The ones that I found cute get there filters removed. If you can't give proper results then don't give such filter",12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2745,Blue Tinsley,"September 10, 2022","Fix Bitmoji. Snapchat is my favorite app for texting and sending videos, but the new bitmojis are fugly. I miss 2d Bitmoji, but the 3d effect is not good enough and all it did was ruin my bitmoji that I was very fond of. I'm sure some people like it, so it doesn't have to be gotten rid of, but make it optional! I want my 2d avatar back!",573 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2746,Madison Mcintosh,"September 16, 2022",Skipping back to the beginning of stories. I come on here to watch the run down and I have to hear the same start of a story over and over because it skips back to the beginning after an ad. I never had this problem with my 5 year old cell phone and I just switched to a brand new one. What is going on! Can we please get this fixed.,35 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2747,Michael Valentine,"September 22, 2022","I believe it's high time to mandate 2-step verification. I'm absolutely annoyed with getting ""friend requests"" from people who added me from quick add, but I don't know at all and they're only out to sell their private images and videos or sell themselves off.",33 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2748,Christina Howard,"September 26, 2022","WHY WHY WHY is there soooooo many ads. Every few seconds there's an ad. You can by pass them by cancel video then replaying, but so frustrating to not be able to watch a decent amount of subscription videos. Other than that, it's a great app.",33 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2749,Omkar Kulkarni,"September 29, 2022","There's a huge problem development team should look at this as a P1 defect, I wonder why it hasn't been fixed till now. Whenever we do a video call using Bluetooth earphones the voice and mic should switch to Bluetooth earphones right? But this is not happening w even I had the latest update. Please look into this on priority. The call keeps on playing on the main speaker and thus it is embarassing.",76 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2750,Faria Mumtaz,"October 22, 2022","Overall it's amazing, but the only flaw I found is how difficult it's getting to change your Bitmoji, fully. If this problem is fixed, then 5/5stars :)also I can't take pictures because my camera isn't opening,like when I open my camera it won't open it says ""snapchat isn't respnding and that I have to restart the app or my device,but when I do that it still doesn't work,so please fix this.",66 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2751,TechNicol,"October 13, 2022","BROKEN AFTER LAST UPDATE. My Snapchat is UNUSABLE. It is making my phone physical make clicking sounds coming from the camera. I can't tap on anything, I can scroll slightly then it freezes. My camera will just flash between the picture it's looking at and a black screen continuously. Tried clearing cashe in and out of app itself, reinstalled, updated, updated phone, retarded phone...nothing is working!",110 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2752,Ashish Chikhale,"September 26, 2022",Capturing snap and it's quality is good feature ...But talking about music library ... I would say the worst app this is ... Not working with spotify and also not able to add music from device which you want ... Music library is worst ... We can't add large music files atleast we should able to add upto 1 min of mp3 music... Please snapchat team work on it ... Otherwise we will not use it,28 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2753,Teresa Likins,"September 26, 2022","This app is amazing! it allows me to text, videocall, regular call, voice chat, and a lot of other things I also really appreciate the bitmoji feature it allows me to show people a rough representation of what I look like without actually showing them a picture of me.",471 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2754,REGGIE CHAMELEON,"September 15, 2022","I mean it's alright, just another texting thing, I will say that the ads aren't in your face much, if not at all really and I like that, WAY better than YouTube, god the ads on that thing. I had a few issues with my notifications not going through until like a few minutes after my friends teaxted, but that's kinda it really. Ads are not in your face like YouTube and you can text people and watch stuff. It's definitely better than YouTube",27 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2755,Satvik Bhatia,"September 22, 2022","The random unskipable ads that come between me watching stories is the only reason I don't open this app. 1 ad is fine even 2 is fine since everything is advertised these days but you just don't stop, do you. There are ads after ads after ads. You watch one snap and tap the screen and it's an ad, you wait for the ad to be over and get to watch one more snap before another ad pops up. Sure everyone needs to put ads out to earn money but this is just bs. Never gonna use this annoying garbage again",32 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2756,PapaMurph25,"October 23, 2022","This app is pretty cool but recently it has gone down hill, especially in the discovery videos, it makes me start all over everytime there is a commercial. So I get to see like 2 10 second clips, add pops up and now I have to go back to the beginning.",80 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2757,Ishit Gupta,"January 3, 2023","With the recent updates, the app has started crashing for if I click pictures or even try to access the filters. Kindly look into it as it hinders my experience as a user....",3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2758,Kyler,"September 11, 2022",I am currently having problems with this app due to the fact that when I first opened the app there is no chat button sometimes and when I click on chats with my friends it doesn't show anything just a white screen and on call when this happened it wouldn't let me hang up. Please fix this bug because it keeps happening and it's frustrating I think it's the new update,24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2759,Melinda Delzeit,"September 19, 2022","This evening at about 10:35 pm I started getting an error message in snapchat saying my camera will not open in the app. I cleared the cache when the error said to and it still didn't work. Then it stopped working at all. I log in and the app instantly closes and I get an error message about a bug and it won't work until the developers fix it. I use an android. This is the app my family 1,450 miles away and I chat. Why do updates if it is going to screw the app up and you lose members?!?!",18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2760,chaman mamtani,"September 30, 2022","After the recent update i am unable to send snap using the shortcuts. It was such a convience to send all my friends snap at once using the shortcuts. I have tried all the initial ways, restarting the app, cellphone and even reinstalling the app. Still the issue is there. Please help fix this issue. I am using OnePlus Nord 2G phone.",29 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2761,Robby Rhoades,"September 21, 2022","I installed the app, sent a few friend requests, responded to two messages from close friends that were surprised that I downloaded the app, and then got my account permanently locked without any explanation from anyone. I had this app for less than an hour. Used it for less than 10 minutes total and got my account locked. I would say this app is a joke.",32 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2762,Zach Hampton,"September 9, 2022","What a terrible experience, my friend has an iPhone where I have a galaxy and its just as terrible. It constantly lags and glitches out freezes randomly and when you type things out it randomly just removes it as if you never typed. Considering getting rid of it if not improved!!",26 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2763,Alexis McKinney,"September 12, 2022","It's a good app when it works, but almost all of the time it will glitch and crash, then it will constantly have to restart right when I am in the middle of doing something, then a lot of the time when I am looking at different filters it will have to restart and it is super annoying",524 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2764,Baby_jhope,"November 4, 2022","I love snap, but after the last few updates the app has stopped sending me notifications. I have to go in the app to see that someone sent me a message 3 hours ago. I have people from my job on here. My notifications are on. I've tried resetting my phone. I've tried logging out. The only app that doesn't send any now is snapchat. I don't know what the problem is or why, but please fix this.",78 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2765,A R,"September 28, 2022",It keeps on mentioning that there is an update being performed when I open the app when I click accept and continue it takes me to the regular screen but it doesn't let me swipe I have to uninstall reinstall and then it does the same thing I have email or text support three different times and it comes back with an automated message that is not a proper email to be trying to communicate with please help,24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2766,Messina,"September 25, 2022","Fun for everyone, I like the update for the bitmoji's and some of the filters. I wish you could know when someone un-adds you. I like the spotlight stories and wish they were a little more personalized sometimes. Also wish that my bestfriend list is more sensitive because there are people on it that I barely talk to. Also on an Android I can't pin conversations or use dark mode, which sucks.",695 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2767,Aashritha Mukka,"October 28, 2022",Oops something went wrong!!!! What is that I can't see my previous videos...make sure u should fix it as soon as possible 1. Oops something went wrong!!! While revising my previous videos 2. Make some more songs to doo reels allow our own song nd please keep 2x speed only for video not for audio,85 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2768,Sarah Matchim,"September 27, 2022","I like using this app to communicate with friends and family, but it keeps lagging and I've had to delete and re get it multiple times now, which is getting quite annoying, not to mention while I'm sending words on photos sometimes the words will disappear and it gets very frustrating.",40 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2769,Daniel Wall,"September 16, 2022","Dont not use. Censorship to the max. Mediocre at best. Will work fine, if it's something they want you to see. However as soon as it touches on a sensitive subject, it will freeze and skip. You can go back as many times as you'd like, but it will never show you the real video. I waited some time before posting a review to see it Snapchat would fix the problem. However after a long 6 months. I can confidentiality say they are shielding their content. They show what they want you to see!!",17 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2770,Lachlan Tatton,"October 2, 2022","20 seconds of content between ads on average, ads have gotten a lot worse in terms of frequency. Sick of getting ads rammed down my throat, it's even worse that they are poorly targeted and I'm getting ads I have zero interest in, someone's ad spend is going down the drain. The 1 star is for being usable as a messaging app, beyond that its ad city.",33 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2771,Jacob L.,"September 28, 2022","I used to enjoy using this app all the time. Until it locked me out of my account just on my phone. I can access it everywhere else, but whenever I try to login it get an error message. I have done everything that's recommended and contacted support twice, and it's been weeks with no response. Help me get into my account please",50 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2772,Ian J,"September 25, 2022","No dark mode, and people have been asking for it for YEARS at this rate. Almost every other chat app has a dark mode. Knocking off 1 star for every year I've been asking for this feature, so 2 stars. Do better. Edit: Bumped down because these mfs still haven't done it. If I didn't need this app to keep in touch with a few of my friends, I would've deleted this tripe years ago. It's obvious the devs think this platform is for second class citizens and gives us second class support.",31 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2773,Ден Иванов (sxiii),"October 5, 2022","1. No dark mode on Android even with forced dark mode option in DevSettings. The only solution is to use older APK of Snapchat. 2. No dual camera option, which have already been rolled out on iOS, even on devices that support dual cameras with the other apps (Pixel, Nokia, etc). 3. In general, complicated and unclear UI. 4. Not opensource, no option to change message retention length.",127 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2774,nawal,"September 30, 2022","I found that today, regardless of whether I'm connected to my wifi or using my phone data, I can't send snaps to anyone without it failing. Group sends as well as individual sends. At this rate, I'm going to lose my streaks. Please fix this asap !!",35 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2775,Cynical Camel,"September 14, 2022","great messaging app, bar the stupid snap forced stories that you literally cannot get rid of from showing up every now and then. Like guys, tic tocs already a thing guys no need to plague the communication app with random shorts from Gangster Granny and other short form things that are just seemingly designed to decrease the viewers iq as much as humanly possible. other then that top notch",32 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2776,Sarah Drake,"September 15, 2022","The latest update has caused pandora and snapchat not to work together. I can no longer send songs to my stories or friends. I have Uninstalled and reinstalled both apps, cleared cache and data, as well as tried a few other fixes mentioned on Google. I hate when an update breaks the apps.",23 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2777,Forest Rud,"September 14, 2022","I have a lot of reasons to dislike this app, most of them personal, but I have it out of necessity because everyone I know communicates primarily through it. That being said the stickers over stories is the worst thing they've ever done. I genuinely can't even read people's stories. What's the point of trying to post or read or engage at all with the stories system, which should be the main selling point of the app, when I can't because of the stickers? Just revert this.",21 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2778,Daulat Singh,"October 11, 2022",Snapchat is not showing my old photos.i had updated it also..but I can't see my photos yet it's my humble request to snapchat team kindly look at my problem. There are lots of my fav photos and videos are there and I want all of them backup . The problem is like that when I am clicking on the photos they are not opening this happens twice before it when I get a problem like this I only update the snapchat and the photos which were not visible after updating all visible but now not visible,42 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2779,Paul Castello,"September 22, 2022","I don't use snap as much as I used too but I still have friends I'd like to keep on snap, but the only problem is the scroll, my friend's chat box isn't showing fully, I have to scroll down to see who texted and it's starting to get annoying but I deal with it because I'm hoping it will be fixed, having an extra acc is helpful to see the rest of my list but it was fine before, and suddenly I have to scroll down to view. I am not impatient but I would like snap to fix that. Tyvm",34 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2780,Prof Burge,"October 8, 2022","The recent download is well buggy, like I make a video but I can't watch it before I send it. It keeps freezing or the words sed arnt fitting correct with the lip movement?? What's going on??? Other than that it's usually the best app!",55 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2781,Access Denied,"November 2, 2022","It constantly closes itself when I try to open the App, most of the times I get an error message when I try to edit my Bitmoji and sometimes it just doesn't react at all. I already had the same problems when I used the app in 2016/2017 and now it's the same. No other App works this bad on my phone...",76 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2782,Monique Heath,"October 5, 2022",Hi and thank you for this App. Is there any way to record video without holding the screen button the whole time and a start timer of 3 seconds or 8 seconds to get ready to shoot your video then have camera automatically start recording while your in position? Video creating is extremely limited without this feature.meaning you can only shoot torso and up.I can only save 1000 filters can the limit be upgraded please.Thank you,153 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2783,Ayomikun Vintura,"September 10, 2022","When people send a voice message straight from watching my story, I can't see it. I keep seeing ""please update Snapchat in the play store"" but there's no update. Everytime there's been a Snapchat update, this feature hasn't been fixed. It's annoying that I can't even view my friends messages",22 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2784,Jacob Richardson,"October 29, 2022","On the new galaxy s22, with everything up to date, the notifications on this app go haywire. I keep getting a glitch everytime I open the app that comes up as notifications of all my friends I already have ""adding me back"". Like what? Never had that issue until most recent patch, it would happen on my old phone too.",62 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2785,Nicholas D'Alberto,"October 27, 2022","Promotes sensationalist content, hedonistic socialization, and is mind numbing to use for more than a few minutes. I got this app to text friends, but it is significantly worse than other messaging apps because of its ads, games and news stories that all make me feel like a literal animal for using. It is clear that Snapchat would rather make money than produce a good experience for it's users.",61 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2786,Sim Prasad,"September 16, 2022",I don't want to see random people and turning off quick add doesn't work anymore! Stories page is full of toxic clickbait. Really inappropriate headlines and hiding the stories doesn't permanently hide them. The ads are a joke... I understand them on shows or public stories on the discover page but putting them between your friends' stories is bad. Sick of viewing one story and transported to an ad roll and random stories on discover?? STOP IT.,19 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2787,Fading,"October 3, 2022","It's good in all but there's 2 things I hate about this. There is no dark mode, when I wake stay up at 3 am I just can't with the light mode my eyes feel like they are burning please add on android. And 2 Every time someone talks my phone lags I tried clearing everything deleting reinstalling, updating, nothing ever seems to work",23 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2788,Darian Arcarola,"October 31, 2022","The app has decided to stop giving me notifications. So I have to keep the app open to know that someone has messaged me. I have retsrated my phone, restarted the app, checked my phone and app settings, and Uninstalled and reinstalled. This is an extremely annoying bug that makes the app virtually useless if it continues.",81 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2789,Aaron “Basic” Manak,"September 13, 2022","Horrible on Android. Just got the Galaxy S22 Ultra. This phone is great, all apps are responsive and look crisp. Snapchat? Dogshit. I can see the hertz drop even when Im scrolling, it stutters and is very unsmooth. Camera is laggy. Seems like Android optimization has been horrendous for like ever. Switched to an iPhone for around 4 years or so and I come back to Samsung only to find that Snapchat STILL has not fixed and properly optimized there platform for these phones. It's honestly pathetic.",13 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2790,Veeral Bhanushali,"October 18, 2022","Shutter sound while clicking snaps is getting annoying day by day, its making me switch to phone camera for clicking pictures. Shutter sound is destroying user experience, kindly do something about it. Adding an option to switch it off would be of great help!",59 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2791,BlindingLight,"September 23, 2022","Shows you a ad like every 10-20 seconds. Very annoying and just makes me stop viewing there content altogether. I don't like that when you open the app, it opens up with the camera automatically. Invasion of privacy.",33 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2792,Emily,"October 23, 2022","Constant notifications,when someone you don't know is on snap, when someone who's story you've never watched has uploaded a story, and the worst one ""check out this new filter everyone's talking about"". Can't turn off notifications cause then you don't know when you get an actual snap. Ridiculous.",45 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2793,Arbee Cotton,"October 11, 2022","Love this, really easy to use and I use it all the time. I really like how there is the 5ish minute videos on the stories page. The only thing that I can think of is that when you are viewing snaps and you go to the next one, it would be great if you could skip back to a previous snap. 😊",511 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2794,Husain M,"October 5, 2022","My issue first started with Snapchat not being able to load incoming snaps. I cleared my cache and I was finally able to receive some until shortly after the same issue started again but this time I couldn't receive or send snaps. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app but that didn't help. Cleared cache, data and reinstalled the app and now I'm not able to log back in or create a new account. I'm using a OnePlus 7T Pro McLaren on 11.0.1.10.HD61CB",26 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2795,Abbie Neale,"October 6, 2022","Works well when it wants to but several times a Terms Of Service update has popped up, I have accepted it and the app will not allow me to access or use it. I have reported it each time. No other devices logged in or anything suspicious so likely an issue solely with the app.",48 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2796,Leah T,"October 8, 2022","After the latest update I can't even take a picture or watch stories. The screen keeps flashing black and it skips during stories. Won't even let me tap or swipe. The app is completely useless now. I've restarted my phone, uninstalled the app, reinstalled it, updated it. Nothing worked. I have a Google Pixel 5a",59 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2797,megh raj,"September 30, 2022","I love this app. But now there is a huge bug. Whenever I log in my id new messages Dont show. I don't know why. I've tried sevreal times in sevreal phones by reinstalling the app various times. But new chats are not showing. If I try to send snap, it doesn't get delivered either. Please fix the problem!",24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2798,Micheal,"September 14, 2022","I am on an Android and sometimes when I open the app it will stay stuck on the camera screen and won't show any of the icons for spotlight, chat, etc. I've uninstalled it and then reinstalled it before and it worked again. This time it did It again and now it won't let me reinstall it. Please fix this.",17 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2799,Mr. Campbell,"September 10, 2022","Snapchat has gone to the dogs.. it's absolutely ruined, & the developers don't give 2 💩""s. The constant friend requests from s|ut$ wanting you to join their stupid dodgyass profiles so they can send you porn has 100% turned me away from using the app.. Some of the features are cool, & I love sharing moments & photos with my friends, but it just isn't worth the hassle anymore, & I'm leaving the app with absolutely zero intentions of returning. Farewell Snapchat it's been a fun 9 years 👋🤮✌️",24 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2800,Sajal Tauseef,"October 22, 2022","This app ""Snapchat"" is incredible. I love it. I litterally had 0 issues with the app. It has loads of filter according to ur taste. There is the BEST combination system and the games areas great. The only thing I dint like is that whenever I join from another device and relogin in my old device , the device stucks amd unfortunately I have to re install the app to fix the problem. Otherwise this app is GEARTT","1,319 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
2801,Jennifer Obidinma,"September 7, 2022","I am sooo ANGRY! I just lost all my snaps! I was asked to update the app because some videos were saved with the new version and BOOM! Everything was gone! This is not even funny! It kept saying my email was invalid when I tried to retrieve my password, having clicked on Forgot password. This is so annoying!",20 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2802,Erin Rath,"October 31, 2022",Latest update sucks Everytime I try to send videos (sometimes pictures) it takes FOREVER to send even if I have strong wifi. I'll turn wifi off and use mobile data but that doesn't help at all. Sometimes it takes 30+ mins just to send or load recieved snaps. App has gone downhill lately,67 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2803,Nephitis 116,"October 11, 2022","App kept glitching, I tried to send a sticker and all of a sudden everything froze, it kept telling me that it was sending it but I couldn't open any conversations or settings. I lost all photos and streaks. Restarting the phone or the app didn't help. Had to uninstall. Disappointing, I really liked the app.",58 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2804,Ekansh Pardeshi,"September 25, 2022",This is the best application for friends but there is no dark mode in the application. The app contains many features but i have question about privacy that does my contacts and location is private or not but i think that my location and contacts are private. I recommend the app to my friends and everyone.,32 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2805,Frosticuffs,"October 9, 2022","Dude. Your app needs to fix the bug where it has a chance of soft locking your app whenever you're trying to send snaps. It acts as if I'm new to snap chat and wherever I try to click to back out of such, it doesn't react as if it's frozen. Fix it and the stars will go up.",36 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2806,Aishaa Alali,"October 2, 2022","Since 3 updates back the voice chat from a sender is not recieved while commenting with a voice on a story posted Also the same if a samsung user wants to comment a story of others by voice he will not be able to. Also this app became so much slow and a lot of glitches happening while changing filter, or even view others stories",22 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2807,Ricci,"October 24, 2022","My fav app, but I'm frustrated as of late with how many morning notifications I get for things I don't care about. A person's story I NEVER watch, and if I get rid of it, ten minutes later ""look at memories from 4 yrs ago"" so annoying that you want to be in my face like that first thing in the morning. EVERY MORNING",59 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2808,Dayton Grogg,"October 16, 2022","It was a great app but now it won't load or send or receive messages or even load stories or anything while I'm on wifi but it works just fine when im not using wifi and using my service I don't understand and I can't fix it, iv tried updating and restarting my phone I even uninstalled the app and re downloaded it and it still won't work so idk after the last update it went down hill.",50 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2809,gopal mehta,"September 30, 2022",Cannot send Snaps. Error message : Could not send . Please try again. The apps is not working properly. Where do I report the issue ? What is the reason that I cannot send Snaps even though all the permissions are given and have a 100mbps broadband connection.,19 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2810,jacob baker,"October 5, 2022","This app is so needy and gross it just sends me 100s of notifications hourly, soon as you swipe one away more spawn immediately! Then you open the app and it's all trash you don't want or need to see, half of the app is just an ad. Honestly if your a person that uses snapchat regularly and do streaks and stuff, that's cringe and I steer clear of your type.",11 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2811,Ehtasham Afzal,"October 20, 2022",The latest update has messed everything up. Every time im using the front cameras with a flash the screen just freezes which is frustrating because i cannot use my flash at any time. This has been going on for a week. Please fix this issue!!!!!,56 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2812,Landon Thacker,"September 29, 2022","Great app for texting friends, works pretty well for the most part but sometimes it tends to kick me out of the app, sometimes for me when im trying to type something, it doesnt type it and i have to re-type it again. Other than these bugs, I recommend this app!",7 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2813,NFR,"October 20, 2022","Hi, for last 2 days I'm not able to make any phone calls or not able to join in any phone calls. My WiFi/data connection works fine. I can even texts through snap but no calls can be made. I also have updated snap. Cleared cache, data. Still not working. Please advise.",50 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2814,Cody Burns,"November 3, 2022","I cannot send a email verification, I cannot add friends, I cannot change my bitmoji, I cannot add personal info, I cannot send messages. I've had this problem years ago and they said they don't see anything wrong on their end. 3 years later, I'm still having the same issues. Even using a much more advanced phone",73 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2815,Komal Sharma,"October 28, 2022","Very frustrated from using snapchat.. it stops working sometimes , too much legging issues and much more. Just now i reinstalled snapchat beacuse from yesterday it was not working .. even if was like a photo where I was clicking on icons and got no response.. otherwise, filters, camera , etc and good but these legging issues just irritating.",56 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2816,Brett Stone,"September 12, 2022","Had the app since it was released. That being said the performance lately has been awful. Tons of lag and STILL no dark mode for Android? Performance definitely isn't an issue device wise, so it leaves nothing but the lack of optimization on Snapchat's end.",21 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2817,Jesse Matt,"September 8, 2022","The button used to reply with the filter someone snapped you with moved from the right side to the left side, which I feel was so unnecessary. Edit: even worse, now that button is the save in chat button. I keep clicking it out of habit and saving the snap instead of replying",90 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2818,Monika,"November 3, 2022","I am on an android and for quite a while I've wanted to be able to pin people, and okay that got added but iPhone has had this feature for ages it's honestly pathetic. Androids should be able to get the exact same updates that iPhone people are no matter what, we are no different. We want all the new and cool features they have so please consider making the same updates at the same time. Otherwise the app is great and amazing keep up the good work.",74 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2819,Sydney Kelly,"October 4, 2022","Snapchat started glitching really bad. It wouldn't let me take pictures, reply to anyone's snaps, and look at the snapmap. It made my phone start bugging out and my camera was making a rythmic clicking noise. It kept flashing that my location was on and it was making my phone think my flash was on. I tried uninstalling it and restarting my phone (multiple times) but nothing works. While Snapchat was doing all of this, it drained my battery 10%. I used to have a lot of fun on the app until today",43 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2820,Yashpal solanki,"September 30, 2022",Hey i am sending the snap to my friends but it's showing error after few seconds and it shows couldn't send try again.. i tried lot of time but not able to send snap. Can you please fix it now. I also switched network multiple times but still facing the same problem.,21 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2821,Jonathan Bishop,"September 9, 2022","I've been reporting to Snapchat for months that the camera quality/resolution in this app is abysmal on my phone, and they couldn't seem to care less. Apparently, it doesn't matter how good the specs are on your phone or its camera--if it runs Android, you're a second class user, and second class users get 480p camera output in Snapchat. For me, that's 1/9 the resolution of photos taken in the camera app. There's no excuse for that, that's just gross, seemingly almost deliberate incompetence.",301 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2822,Pakhi verma,"November 4, 2022",Snapchat is a creative app. But I'm rating it with 4 star because there should be a download option for voice notes that we receive or sent. And another there should be an option to star mark the particular text we sent or received. Other than that everything is good. Hope to see these features on snapchat soon. Thanks,83 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2823,Robyn Parrish,"October 10, 2022","It keeps acting up on me and I wish it would stop but it is not a bad app at all. I love it because I talk to my friends n family on it. When it acts up, I unstill it and redownload it and that fixes the issue every time it acts up.",35 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2824,Akash Shukla,"September 10, 2022","Horrible app, it did not uploaded 700kb image with a song as story for almost 17 mins, database error needs to be fixed, not a whole list of songs are available for my country, instagram gives more. You should stop your service and let meta handle it out and solve your problems.",14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2825,random 711,"October 10, 2022",I HATE the emotes that pop up when you swipe back to the previous pic/video. Like why does it need to be there? I just want to look. I don't want to go back to accidently press the emote and send a message. I even want to read/see what the giant emotes cover up as well. It is REALLY annoying.,28 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2826,Sarah Bulgrien,"October 9, 2022","One star because there still isn't dark mode for Android. IOS has had it for over a year and if I want it I have to sideload an old, unsafe version of the app. Other than that the app works fine. It's very annoying to see this platform neglected and filled with triggering snap news.",33 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2827,Sean Pavlich,"October 17, 2022",It kinda sucks when you take pitcure and go to use the text box and your finished typing and click done it deletes it all and you have to retype it.Also when you open a picture someone sent and go to double tap to reply it replsys the snap or it doesnt show you opened it so you have to open it a bunch of times theres way to msny ads for no reason and its the same ad every 30 seconds it needs some serious work ill i ever use it again,41 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2828,Joe Burke,"September 11, 2022","Very good app. I switched to using it on my Chromebook and it works very well. Sometimes Lenses I try get a little weird, but I'm not too worried about it, But Other than that, Very good app for a chromebook. I highly recommend it for your Chromebooks.",71 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2829,Brad Benjamin,"October 6, 2022","App is becoming too invasive. I don't need reminders to view friends stories. I don't need notifications when friends post stories. All I need notifications for is when I receive snaps. But there's no way to fine tune it, you either get all or none.",44 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2830,Han Jisung,"September 11, 2022",Amazing honestly. Not much to say except I like it. However I have a suggestion : please add some split dye (half n half) short hair options. Im using a whole freaking bob cut hair style just to be somewhat accurate to my hair color and it looks awkward 😭.,131 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2831,Brensley Schell,"September 7, 2022",The messaging aspect is great. Camera is fine. Watching stories is meh. Too many ads. You can watch a 3 minute clip on the discover page and will get 10+ 5 second unskippable ads. It's rediculous how many ads there are.,22 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2832,Owen Wilcox,"October 9, 2022","New update is frustrating. When I'm sending a snap to my friends and I'm typing something on a picture, I keep getting suggestions to add other people's Snapchat username to the caption of the snap I'm sending. Why would I want to mention someone on a private Snapchat to a friend 😾. Really stupid option and it's very frustrating to keep seeing this. Doesn't make any sense",32 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2833,Josey Stark,"October 20, 2022","I honestly love the app but in my opinion it needs the same features as iPhone, such as dark mode and an actual front flash and not just a light on the screen. Dark mode!!! Is an absolute must! I am getting tired of android features being so different than iPhone features. And then they REMOVED THE PINNED FEATURE FOR NO REASON!!!",36 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2834,Britney Chinn,"September 19, 2022",Cannot use app after update. It opens to the home screen with the camera and no buttons function. Cannot swipe over to read snaps/chats or swipe to see the stories. Home screen is frozen. Update ruined it. Has happened twice now immediately following the AGREE to terms of service update.,96 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2835,AARAV TIWARI,"September 11, 2022",Although it's a great app.but there are some bugs coming out and some features are also not there. for example:Dark theme or dark mode should be there.videos should play on less data and all snapchatters (above 12 years) can create their public profile. Please add this feature as soon as possible,132 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2836,Abdul Maajid,"September 30, 2022","An App full of bugs...😖 Still many bugs needs to be fixed, The app crashes when I try to send the Stickers, Many new musics and locations needs to be added and also would be great if there is Dark mode to Android. Edit- Review submitted 1 year ago. Still no development.",998 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2837,Brajlal Morya,"October 2, 2022",It's good like filters and all but the problem is that I don't know what's happening...like it's hang or what... everytime I open it ....it takes so much time to open...even I updated it thrice in a month but it still not working.... it's getting bad,20 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2838,Courtney Gallington,"September 16, 2022",Last update sucked. It took away the snapped recently section and is now alphabetical. So now you're searching for ppl you normally send snaps to. It's incredibly annoying and makes me not want to use it until they fix it. I'm also an android user so not sure if apple users are experiencing the same frustration,16 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2839,Angela Annoon,"November 5, 2022",It's a very nice and wonderful apps to the beautiful lenses and amazing Bitmoji characters but i just wish that Snapchat could stop freezing and also everytime I try to type my keyboard goes off and the app goes off and takes me back to my home screen which is very annoying cause if i also want to text someone it takes a while for the whole chat feed to load which is annoying cause i use wifi (sometimes) but all i can say is Snapchat pls fix the bugs in this app cause it is a very good one .,30 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2840,Heer Sindhi,"October 4, 2022","Well everything is good with the app, but recently the texts on the photos couldn't be deleted easily because of that filter option in the bottom. I hope it could be solved and returned back at how it was.",19 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2841,Paris Davis,"October 27, 2022",The app doesn't even load. It's as if I'm locked. I'm the only one that logs into MY account I've had since 2016. It won't let me log in or anything. It's stuck on the photo part. With a filled in red Bitmoji at the top. I can't take a picture or slide over. It's just the camera.,57 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2842,helal uddin,"September 20, 2022","Thia is one of the best Chatting and filter app ever. But one thing that can be improved is the video time limit. I feel like it would be better if the video time limit could be expanded, you know? But overall, I think it's a pretty good app.",234 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2843,Mala,"September 25, 2022","I like it a bunch to be honest, I think that its pretty clean and welcoming. And not really too complex to use. I cant really say much but I reccomend it. Only problem I have with it is that sometimes when people send you snaps you may be unable to open them, then you eather gatta ask them to deleat the snaps or remove them as a friend cause otherwise they sit there and you'll always end up thinking someone texted you when you open the app. Thats pretty dang annyin mate just sayin.",6 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2844,Shabnam Nalawangsa,"September 28, 2022","Recently been facing an issue, it's that I can't send my streaks through my shortcut keys. I must individually tap on every snapchatter to send my streaks. It's very frustrating when you're having 400+ friends. Please fix this as soon as possible!!",22 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2845,chot125,"October 23, 2022",Friends talked me into getting this app and everything deletes right after you view it once. Why can't you change that? Rather use it like texting where I can scroll back all the way to the day I got my phone and nothing auto deletes. Why would you want an app that does not store data long term? Gargabe app,53 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2846,puzzle rabbit,"September 14, 2022",The rewind/reverse feature is missing. I tired to rewind/reverse a recording that i recorded and was previewing. I could not use the rewind/reverse feature that was once available. This feature is missing believe me i tried to find it on old recordings as well as a recording that i could preview. The feature isn't available anymore.,13 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2847,Kenzo,"September 12, 2022","I've had snapchat since 2011 and recently I've been having problems watching stories, they keep restarting and making me watch parts of the story I've already watched.... ngl it's starting to get really annoying. I've been having this issue since the beginning of summer. I've recently updated it and still have this issue",13 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2848,Desiray Boehmer,"October 1, 2022",Haven't even been able to use Snapchat in two months because every time I open the app it would freeze. Yes I did update the app but I still can't even take a picture let alone look at any chats or stories because it's frozen. Not big fan of this platform and probably will delete it again.,15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2849,Daria,"October 21, 2022","I'm annoyed, this app has been decent enough if not great for communicating with friends. I got a job opportunity through snap but now I can't access chats. This absolutely sucks because I can't respond to friends or follow up on that business opportunity. I'm stuck on the camera part. The main page. I can't swipe or tap into my dms.",50 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2850,Rihards Jansons,"September 21, 2022","Great app! I only am kind of unhappy of one thing. The thing being that there are limited options on artists and their music on the music option, I suggest adding all the artists and their music so that we all could put our favourite song on the snap. But overall I like the app.",543 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2851,Fabianna Charpentier,"September 18, 2022","Snap chat is telling me that my personal camera roll videos are not allowed to be uploaded because it's past 11 seconds and even after editing the video and making shorter in time it's still not allowing me to upload any of my camera roll videos. I'm not sure if this is a normal technical issue that occurs with other user but I would greatly appreciate it if this can be investigated and fixed. Thank you Kindly, Fabianna Charpentier",11 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2852,Ashley Blankenship,"October 9, 2022",I had an issue with this app for almost 3 months and my problem was finally fixed. I have had no issues for almost 5 months now I have another problem. My front camera won't work. Every time I switch my camera to the front it just zooms in and out on my back camera. Something isn't working right and I hope snapchat will fix it soon!!,787 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2853,justin soucy,"October 3, 2022",After an update a few months ago when I receive a snapchat and go to reply if that person used a filter then it automatically sets that filter to my snap. I used to have the ability to change the filter but now it only gives me the option to have that one filter or no filter.,14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2854,Prajakta Sonawane -P26,"September 20, 2022","It's camera just freezes every time i open the app. I had to restart my phone 100 times and still don't work, even deleting and reinstalling the app doesn't work. It takes forever to load the chats. Pathetic!",18 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2855,Alex Harris,"October 28, 2022","I love snapchat but I hate when I go to put music on my story and it never plays where I wunt and it's to short, so can u make to where u can choose where to play the music and make it a little longer instead of 5 seconds, It gets annoying. Thank you.",90 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2856,Nick Mocerino,"September 30, 2022",Why are the snap tiles constantly restarting when an ad is about to show up. You know how annoying this is when u get to the end of a video and it starts from the beginning only to have to skip back to the end. Someone fix this asap.,"1,659 people found this review helpful",1,snap_chat
2857,Ecstasy Draft,"November 4, 2022","So I've been having a problem with Snapchat and it's where whenever you tap on the filter through the search or through chat, it won't show, the filter won't be on. It's annoying, I found a nice filter and it won't work anymore because of this.",53 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2858,Jitendar Gurjar,"September 12, 2022","There's a bug, in chat settings after viewing options is not working properly it once detels chats and after some time it shows all of it again so the after viewing chat settings seems to a bug and also in login in another device same issue in this update. Please overcome this issue as soon as possible.",14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2859,Essi Love,"September 15, 2022","DEVELOPERS PLEASE, add an option to hide the Bitmoji reactions that pop up while viewing others' stories, they almost completely block the view of the bottom half of peoples' stories, and I can't read their messages. There's no way to swipe up/down slightly to make them disappear or anything, it's infuriating",14 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2860,Josephine Sule,"October 14, 2022","I like the filters even though at times I don't see the ones I used to before; I can't figure out why. And more sounds( songs ) should be uploaded in the app please, at times I can't see the particular ones I wish to use for a video",33 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2861,Mark Potter,"September 28, 2022","I like the app! I like the figures, but it could use some more cosmetics, clothes, eyes, noses, and mouths. We should also be able to have different sleeves on the same shirt. I don't know why but the app doesn't show up in my background; I have to enter Google Play and find the app, then press Open to access... How do I fix this? I'm on a LG tablet.","1,219 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
2862,Old Rags Plastic Bags,"September 22, 2022",Snapchat has been great in all my experience but recently I got a new phone and I can't take picture with the filter on because it makes the picture blurry and if I put text on the picture it is not readable and blurry as well. Backgrounds and poses also don't load.,17 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2863,Blaine Swigart,"October 15, 2022","Love the app, but the main problem for me is when the snape says ""Tap to Load"" I click it and it won't work. Deleted the app, logged out, cleared cache, checked for system updates, restarted my phone, shut off my internet connection. Nothing works, after this stupid update. Nothing works, it's a messaging app. How about we keep it that way. SMDH👎👎👎👎",27 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2864,Sehrish Khan,"October 29, 2022","im fed up of the amount of bugs this app has, there's a ton of problems with the app but currently the most frustrating one is that im not getting notifications for my snaps! the most recent and very annoying bug is thati can't open snaps sometimes and i have to remove and re-add the person but the last snap they sent isn't visible! PLEASE FIX THE GODDAMN APP",496 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2865,Funklax x,"October 4, 2022",Yeah no I was giving snap credit before but they suck so bad; there is always some kind of big and their bug fixes almost always introduce more than they solve. honestly it's getting old getting every single error and bug possible like I'm trying to complete a pokedex for ways to break an app,20 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2866,Kevin Bowyer,"October 26, 2022",Got the S22 ultra (at release) and for the first time ever snap worked flawlessly on Android since they actually integrated Android into their platform. Two weeks ago the flash won't work properly and freezes. It's a nightmare taking photos with flash now.,41 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2867,Limbo Tank,"September 12, 2022","Update, sept 12 th 2022, well for me the app keeps glitching badly such as stories still resetting, force closing the app, forcefully resetting stories that are available to view, crashing. Not sure what it is but Im not the only one getting annoyed with this app.",618 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2868,_Sariah_,"October 14, 2022",When I first got the app it has really worked and been doing so great I could text a lot of friends and I could call a lot of my friends but I recently noticed that it doesn't let you click buttons most the time and when I log when I went into my snap I pressed allow equation allow like camera and everything like that but it won't press nothing will press I recommend this app but I'm just telling you there's been a lot of awful things about it lately just wanted to let you know thank you bye.,33 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2869,Dalkano MudDrip,"September 13, 2022","So, I use Snapchat to talk to friends from college and my old high-school, myself and one of my friends have been trying to add each other, and it won't let us, none neither of us has blocked each other, so it would be very much appreciated if this bug could be fixed",26 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2870,Kaitlyn Foley,"September 7, 2022",Keeps restarting. Not sure why. But every time I'm on discover watching clips it restarts to the beginning and then I have to tap all the way through again until I give up and turn off the app cause it's super annoying,10 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2871,Kara Bogdanowicz,"September 30, 2022",The app is good but as an Android user you can't pin people to the top you can only pin a shortcut to your home screen and I don't like that Snapchat you need to fix this and let Android users pin people to the top as well and one more issue is the dark mode for Android users you can't put them into dark mode either which I think is stupid come on Snapchat please do better for the Android users and not just the Apple users -edit they fixed the pinning bug! Thanks Snapchat,84 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2872,Charles Novak,"October 26, 2022","Almost been a year since my last review. App still doesn't support dark mode that they removed from like two years ago. Sure it was through forced dark mode in settings, but no they removed it then never returned it. I'd give a real review if they actually cared about the Android user base but they clearly don't. It'd be okay if the UI wasn't the brightest white they could find to flashbang you every time you check it in a mildly dark room.",54 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2873,Preston Biggum,"January 23, 2023",I absolutely love this app I can talk to all of my friends call and even video chat I can text and send pictures I highly recommend it if u want to talk to your friends,54 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2874,Ananya Priyadarshinee,"October 22, 2022","This is just a completely ruined app, I first downloaded snapchat but then I uninstalled it after some months I downloaded it again for my surprise I can't see the fonts nor the texts everythings blank and white like wth!!! I can't see the messages they are just blank it was all good before but snapchat is ruined up right now the updates are just useless! Please fix this it's really annoying how I can't text my friends nor can see the messages!",34 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2875,Gauri Priya,"January 11, 2023",Can't be better except that we NEED the DARK THEME...and do bring Leonardo DiCaprio posing with his bottle with crackers blowing at the back from THE GREAT GATSBY...would be an amazing pase as well as background...,22 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2876,Jasmine Aguilar,"February 16, 2023",I guess it's good but then again random users can add you and then be mean so not really a good app but you can download it i just don't recommend it so jazzy out have a really good day,0,3,snap_chat
2877,Ayron Mason,"February 10, 2023",It's funny to use you can talk to a lot of friends and family and I Love the filters but on thing yall need to remove is telling them I took a screenshot or saved a photo of there's,0,3,snap_chat
2878,Ty Bodeis,"October 13, 2022","My camera will not stopping flashing in the app. I've tried uninstalling,reinstalling, clearing the cache and everything else regarding the app and phone. The phone freezes when I try to click on anything within the settings.",34 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2879,Sunita Manna,"October 4, 2022",This is really an awful app. I started using this app very long back but now it's seriously an unusuable. I never thought of giving such a review but My memories gets frequently deleted ever after backup . Its really really annoying. The app gets stuck nd automatically it logged me out . I hope the team of snap chat look into this topic nd fix this problem,12 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2880,Raza Baloch,"February 14, 2023","it is starting to suck, when ever I use flash light, It doesn't light up properly and I get the dark as usual without any flash",0,1,snap_chat
2881,ばか。ch,"February 15, 2023",What's up with the calls randomly crashing when you're in it for too long? It gets irritating 😑,0,1,snap_chat
2882,Brason Swindall,"December 30, 2022","Horrible it won't let me log in, it won't let me change my password, and it keeps on glitching and overall was a annoying pain in my back.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2883,Corey TheGiant,"February 12, 2023",Could be better. Camera quality can be bad at times and text will be off screen after posting,0,3,snap_chat
2884,Rushikesh Nalawade,"January 9, 2023",I mistakenly created a group and all of my contact's are added .Now I cannot remove any of my friends or delete the group please implement the remove group members option and delete group option. I am really frustrated now.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2885,Sri Dayanand yadav,"December 30, 2022","I give two stars,because when i am going to change outfit outfit are not shows only white screen comes i request to snapchat to solve this problem otherwiswe snapchat is a very good application this is my humble request to solve this problem thanks bye.......",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2886,Twaambo Milimo,"December 25, 2022","Snapchat is a good app, but y am giving it a one star because am so fustreted about the fact i cant get to dress an avartar like everyone else and this has been happening for long . When i go the my account and click on my avartar's cloth hanger it will show white while loading and when its done it will just be white no clothes! Even after u leave it for some time it will still show white and i can be using an all-white dressed avartar! It will be bestbif u could fix the problem coz am fed up!",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2887,Chase Gilliland,"February 2, 2023",What is up with the black space at the bottom of my screen with this new update!? So dumb! Give me back my full screen view! Fire whoever thought this was a good idea!,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2888,ISAIAH KENNEY,"December 22, 2022","Annoying with the recommendations. There should be an option to ignore recommendations, because I don't add anyone I don't know. I will not add anyone from that list",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2889,Bilal Mughal,"February 3, 2023",Fixx the freaking black bar on the top and bottom it make the photo even shorter WTH.,0,3,snap_chat
2890,Amanda Smith,"December 19, 2022",Subtitles still wonky. Subtitles don't always work correctly or just stop and dissappear altogether,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2891,Esra Bashdar,"February 4, 2023","This new interface for android is terrible, the top and bottom part of my screen is black turning the screen camera smaller",0,2,snap_chat
2892,Brittany Albert,"October 17, 2022","So much fun. I am addicted to this app. I haven't been on it very long but so far, I'm having a great time playing with it. It seems pretty user friendly. I'm just learning as I go, trial by error I should say. Haven't had many errors tho, easy to figure out if I don't know how to do something, like save it and find it again later... Lol. Just having fun with it for now!",481 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2893,Kim M,"February 5, 2023",Trying to upload a new cameo pic and the app keeps crashing. It shouldn't be this hard.,0,1,snap_chat
2894,Phoenix Ashe,"January 8, 2023","I'm not sure what happened but I no longer get any notifications from Snapchat anymore and I even tried uninstalling the app, the only reason I rate it so high is because it's my main social media",0,4,snap_chat
2895,Malik Bartlett,"December 9, 2022","Absolutely trash, help and support is useless they reply with bot and no reply email addresses, spent hours trying to get my comprimised account back but ive just been getting emails back from bots saying ""make sure you choose a secure password"" useless!!! And because its a no reply email i have to go through the whole procedure again on the website great help and support team you've got there, Absolutely useless!!!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2896,Phil C,"January 22, 2023",It's alright. BTW your memories notifications are screwed up. They keep firing for stuff I posted like a week ago. Please fix and ill add another star,0,2,snap_chat
2897,Niko Krystos,"December 16, 2022",Just gets worse and worse. New bitmoji are hideous and cringe. Stupid suggested stickers cover snaps. App is still generally terrible on ALL Android devices known to man because it takes screenshots. Just hilariously bad app and company.,3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2898,Corey_B3,"January 15, 2023",App just isn't the same anymore So many ads on everything you can even watch a 30 second clip without seeing at least 5 ads,5 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2899,Ezekiel Chidubem (Relaxation channel),"January 24, 2023","I don't like what snapchat do honestly I've been using this app since and now all of a sudden they decide to lock my account, I've created multiple accounts in the past year all of them the same occurrence I didn't do anything bad on my snapchat, so now all my snaps messages chats all gone because of this useless app at least send a warning if the person is violating the services not that you just lock their account I'm very pissed honestly",0,1,snap_chat
2900,Aaradhya Sharma,"January 11, 2023","I'm using this app for 27 years on my other phone now I'm downloading it in my this phone also this is very amazing, fabulous and a good working app i want that every person should have it. 🥰😍🫐💜💜",23 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2901,Amir Alijagic,"November 30, 2022","Snapchat is getting desperate and pushing me to uninstall it, delete time. I tried to disable notifications, all the notifications ad's that I do not care. I am keeping Snapchat only because 2 people that I know still uses. Not sure if it's worth of getting BS notifications that you can't turn off. Really stinks if desperation, please use me. It's like unwanted calls.",9 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2902,Kayne Versteeg,"February 5, 2023","Locked me out for no reason woke up too it, I don't have any 3rd party apps nor post anything out of order, want my account back I have went to snapchat support very much unless done nothing wrong",0,1,snap_chat
2903,Shlok Soni,"January 12, 2023",Very bad experience need to improve bugs like when we add friend in quick add there is a bug named (something went wrong) plz fix this problem as soon as possible,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2904,elena traci,"October 7, 2022","I can't open snaps from my friends. When I press to open them it's loading and I can wait 30 minutes and it won't show them. On my notifications bar it shows that snapchat is sending something but it never actually sends. Earlyer I couldn't even add a screenshot because when I pressed on ""Add a screenshot"" it would show me a blank page- This was my report on the app but guess what? The ""Submit"" button doesn't work. Please fix this bugg @Snapchat.",26 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2905,Ssemujju Cyrus,"February 2, 2023",I don't know if it's my phone or what but when ever i open filters the app just stops. It's only the original camera that works😩,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2906,Darrion Holman,"December 19, 2022","It helps me keep in. Contact with family and friends but although some times the app be glitches and tweaking not ,letting you tap certain buttons",2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2907,Alyssa,"February 2, 2023",I like the app alot but it always closes right when I open it when I try to sign in on my computer because my phone is broke. Please find a way to fix it or could someone help me?,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2908,Mia reynoso,"January 21, 2023",this is the best I love this app I can text my friends whatever I want I can block anyone I want I love the way that the private snap works I get to pick the people that cab see my snaps I love this app kmy whole school uses it whoever did this app needs a reward!!!,4 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2909,Kyson Cummingd,"January 28, 2023",I use to love the app but I signed out of my account and now i cant get bk into my account because of a SSO6 error witch as now ruined the app for me forever as I can now not make a account or sign in,0,1,snap_chat
2910,adrian rodriguez,"February 13, 2023",So I want to post a video to my story but I can't because it's not 60 seconds long but it's actually 1:00 minute long which is 60 seconds long it want let me post a 1 minute video which is passing me off I want to be able to post,0,1,snap_chat
2911,Nienke Van der avoort,"January 7, 2023",It's a very good app. The only thing that they maybe can change is that android can switch to a dark mode aswell and not only apple.,12 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2912,Tehe 0_0,"February 12, 2023","Snapchat keeps freezing for me, everytime I click on the screen nothing works I'm just stuck on my camera page, please do something about it I don't wanna lose my streaks",0,3,snap_chat
2913,Evelyn Latif,"January 19, 2023",Lost Snapchat Ludo Club. I would play this game very very often with friends qnd peopl3 all over the world and it had disappeared just like that. Please fix.,0,2,snap_chat
2914,Deepak,"January 28, 2023","What is this update? I keep getting this "" Snapchat was unable to open the camera. You may need to restart or uninstall the app"" even though i did several times. Stupid app!!!",0,1,snap_chat
2915,Ruqaia Alawi,"January 23, 2023","Hello I love Snapchat and everything but can you kids version for 8-18 l would really love it, it can be good for the kids that have a phone and their parents don't let them download Snapchat. Thanks again ♡♡♡",10 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2916,Naksh soni,"February 7, 2023","Your app is full of bugs, its camera section does not work properly, filters do not work properly, dark mode also does not work properly, before dark mode was working properly but now it is not please fix this issue as soon as possible nd also My camera ratio has become smaller in comparison to earlier so how it's fix ? Nd I am also facing problem in changing my profile picture.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2917,Kandi Allison,"December 10, 2022","Why is the update got bugs, zoomed in camera, and loading issues???? How can I fix these issues??? Had snapchat before on my old phone and I never had these problems! Snapchat please fix",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2918,Darshana jaisingh,"January 23, 2023","Erratic filter suggestions, erotic discover page. Are the devs being paid to be pushing more and more bugs with each update? Bring dark mode.",0,2,snap_chat
2919,Midnight_ Ice,"January 27, 2023","No dark mode even though iOS has had it for months. The UI keeps changing, and not for the better. If text ends up under the filter bar on a snap, there is no way to move the text. Major oversight by the designers. I also don't need to be alerted when someone is typing. Please. Stop. I will get notified when they send the message.",1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2920,John,"October 9, 2022","I will update this to 5 stars when the devs bother to fix the way Snapchat captures photos. Taking a screenshot of the raw input the camera recieves is lazy and severely ruins the quality of a phone camera that's otherwise great. Make the camera system work the same as iPhones, at the very least do it for samsung phones. just seems like very lazy design",23 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2921,Zehra Haider,"February 5, 2023",Its a good app but i cannot change the outfit of my bitmoji please figure it out..whenever i do so a blank white screen apears please fix this bug,0,1,snap_chat
2922,Toby Henning,"December 20, 2022","The new ""flash"" is terrible. If it ain't broke don't fix it. But the devs and testers do like ""fixing"" still no dark mode",2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2923,Madyson Boykin,"September 17, 2022",I love this app ever scene it came out but it's been acting up I'll take a picture and it'll put a filter on it on and I can't take the filter off. The filter looks grayish and I hate it and there has been other few bugs with that too,10 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2924,Abeer Khan,"February 1, 2023",I don't know what is happening when i open the camera it is showing a black bar at the top instead of full screen.,2 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2925,a weirdo by heart,"February 15, 2023","bro still another disappointment, but now my snap app is now a cute valentines thing , and i can change lil thing but again still no dark mood it cant be that hard to just give me dark mood lol, im not the only one who is now dealing with some black space in the camera when using snap like come on like yall dont make enough money for the app to work right",0,1,snap_chat
2926,Zahra Aminah,"February 1, 2023",New update allows people to eemove people from groupchats. I personally do not like this. Pls remove the feature thanks.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2927,Junk Reason,"February 14, 2023","Next improvement, juldate the app so it fully supports Android 13. Not getting notifications for snaps/chats when they come through. Temperamental at best",0,4,snap_chat
2928,Anuforo Peter,"January 19, 2023","It is a great app,but it would be better if we can save stories(i.e videos)that will be more fun Keep up the Goodwork",0,3,snap_chat
2929,Justin Brunet,"December 30, 2022","Will not work unless I allow it full access to my full phone. Phone calls, pictures, GPS, contacts. Like really?",0,1,snap_chat
2930,Biyu Dai,"February 19, 2023","Snapchat is a wonderful app for sending out images and also video clips that vanish after a particular quantity of time. It's fun and also simple to use, and it's ideal for sharing quick messages with your pals.",0,4,snap_chat
2931,Angela -_-,"January 1, 2023","Things are good for me but the only thing I want the app to change is when you're trying to reply back in the text and there's a vibration, please remove it",1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2932,Dan Sure,"February 13, 2023",Please stop with updates your not good at upgrades or programming i bet all the programmers are 5 year olds with down syndrome. Deletes captions after you write them freezes often doesnt matter which os you use.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2933,Nick Clabough,"January 23, 2023","I love Snapchat, only issue i have is the limits on editing videos and things I can do. I think spotlight should have less guidelines for posting.",3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2934,Tanmay Khandelwal,"January 21, 2023","After update, disabling notification is made more complicated, forcing to keep it disabled for all time instead of according to requirment.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2935,Floyd Jackson IV,"January 11, 2023",It's a good app for chatting with people and coming with a good idea is then hanging out but they said allow dark mode for all devices not just Android because only I only Apple only iPhones and apples is the only device that will let you have dark mode they should fix that in the next update,1 person found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2936,Noah Kammerzelt,"February 18, 2023",New interface always puts text out of frame. Annoying enough to delete it.,0,1,snap_chat
2937,Jitesh Gosrani,"February 10, 2023",See snapchat i gave you good rating at first but then when the update has been done my camera screen is not full so please fix it and try to fix as fast as possible don't worry your rating is 5 star only but for now till this problem is not fixed I won't change the rating and also now we can't play games,0,1,snap_chat
2938,Sam Petrovich,"October 7, 2022","The app is wonderful when it works. Recently I have had a problem with the app not letting me view stories and I can't take a photo of myself either. Not sure what is going on, but I uninstalled and the reinstalled the app and it's still not working.",31 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2939,Javier Espinoza,"February 1, 2023",This app is fake. It looks like snapchat but it's not. It copy's the profiles but the people are not real. I don't know why and I think it's adding underage girls to my account.,0,1,snap_chat
2940,Rangnath Devkar,"February 11, 2023",Snapchat is good but I have 1 problem with it that when I go to memories and try to open memories by before 2 months it just kept on loading but never opens😑😤,0,3,snap_chat
2941,rebecca joubert,"October 9, 2022","I absolutely love snapchat, its filters, spotlight videos and so much more. There is one problem though. When I opened it today it only showed camera but no filters, almost like it didn't finish loading. Pls fix, I would love to go on snapchat again.",23 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2942,jaimin chavda,"February 4, 2023",I am using this app in oneplus 7t and it is not showing in full screen. It was displayed in full screen befor but not it is not showing full screen.,0,4,snap_chat
2943,グレン くれ,"October 9, 2022","I am an android user. The app has been acting weird for a while. Now the app just takes me to the snap camera, but won't even let click on anything. It just freezes totally. This was the most recent update. I hope it will be fixed soon.",23 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2944,Diana Pierce,"December 13, 2022","If Snapchat could stop sending a pointless notification an hour that makes me not open it on purpose, that'd be cool. I do not care that randoms have updated their story",2 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2945,Sanjana Jadhav,"November 1, 2022","It works well. But, sometimes it stop showing the option of chat and filters. It misbehaves sometimes while adding snap by shortcuts. Well fix this bug as soon as possible. I hope you take your precious time to consider my problem.",41 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2946,Adam Weiland,"October 6, 2022",The bug that displays a number counter for signifying a huge number of new friends that are not actually new is back again. This same exact bug has been fixed and broken so many times over the years it is truly fascinating to watch.,29 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2947,Life with Fikky,"December 8, 2022",Snapchat is pretty interesting and fun to use but I definitely can't count how many times I've installed and uninstalled. It keeps coming up with one problem or another that makes me delete it and redownload again.,4 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2948,Admin Abhya,"December 17, 2022",Add friends option is not working. I request to Snapchat team so many times. But it doesn't solve. its very unexpected thing,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2949,Bronte Moore,"February 18, 2023",Add dark mode for androids and fix the black bar at the bottom of the screen on the camera!,0,3,snap_chat
2950,Zach Hayes,"October 28, 2022","App regularly deletes accounts, support is nonexistant. After this happened to me I looked online and found its a common issue. If you log out and log back in, your account may be permenantly locked. When you try and contact support you will get a form email saying there's nothing to be done. If you reply to this email or try and contact support by other channels to speak to a human, they will not respond. Garbage company. I cannot believe this.",37 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2951,Dalal Shinnawi,"December 29, 2022",Hello .... i have been using this app since forever ;it is very amazing and easy to use .But I have been encountering some problems like: laggings and errors in the app .,0,1,snap_chat
2952,Abdul Rehman,"January 30, 2023",Make an easier way to unfriend people who didn't accept my friend request. It will be really use full . Like unfriend 1000 people at a time ..,1 person found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2953,Colby Rhodd,"December 18, 2022",It's pure spam for porn. Snapchat does nothing to fix the errors related to this. You'll receive messages and requests from porn accounts non stop. Garbage app.,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2954,Chris Craffey,"November 3, 2022","The ""contact support"" email, is a dead email. App is updated. Continues to crash, and just all around suck. Update fixed nothing, just made everything worse. Like always. Your programmers suck and should all be fired. Rebuild the app from ground up. It desperately needs it",122 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2955,Lucas Keuler,"February 3, 2023",It's ok they really need to add it so that you can see all the history of your conversation as a setting,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2956,Rudraksh Yadav,"February 18, 2023","Music option is not good. Try to get all songs in it, not selected.",0,3,snap_chat
2957,TAUSHIF JANG KHAN,"September 29, 2022","As a app developer point of view, Snapchat is fully worst app,Is this app made only for girl and woman, if yes then keep option of girl only. Otherwise, there are many bugs and shortcomings in this app, improve it, there is no privacy in this app, when we delete the messages or take screenshot then back end user got notification ,why, this app is not user friendly or not easy to use,all the functionality of this app is useless, dear developer, I hope you will look on it as soon as possible,",4 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2958,emo1ly,"February 19, 2023",bring old bitmojis back the new ones look really weird. very unfair on non-iphone users. why can't other have dark mode? TOO MANY ads.,0,2,snap_chat
2959,Tahmina Akter,"February 20, 2023",Now a days the call system of this app is disturbing... That's why we can't Contact with others satisfyingly. So please recover this problem soon,0,1,snap_chat
2960,Hadasa Sacjche,"January 23, 2023","I don't really use the app much and I just wanted to delete to clear storage, but it won't show me the delete account button and I even looked online in case I missed something.",0,3,snap_chat
2961,V R,"October 26, 2022","I've faithfully used Snapchat since late 2015. There were so many memories I had saved on there. I used it more than the regular gallery app on my phone. Videos and pictures of my niece from when she was an infant and toddler. Trips and vacations. Then out of nowhere with no warning, I get permanently locked from my account. I'm devastated. Word of advice: Don't use this app to take pictures you want to save. Don't use this app as your primary way of contacting people.",43 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2962,SemiHWKing 19,"January 5, 2023","I been having issues on private video calls with friends that after certain amount of hours the app will kick us out of snapchat even though there isn't any issues during group calls, Snapchat needs to fix this issue soon",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2963,Nikolas Dumitrascu,"January 19, 2023","It's a really good app but please add a few more hairstyles for guys. (Fluffy hair, some hairstyle that you would find on some tiktokers)",278 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2964,gillarunpreetsingh,"January 19, 2023",It's notifications can't be silent!!!!!??? I am sick of it's notifications all the day ringing even when I turned all silent 😡😡😡 Very irritating,0,1,snap_chat
2965,samuel dyer,"December 19, 2022","Get the bot problem under control. Would it be to much to have a robot captcha? Inconsistent notification through my 3 years using on and off, hate being spammed with streaks every day, hate that you can't look back through messages, God awful app",0,1,snap_chat
2966,Mamta Rani,"January 29, 2023",This app is very nice it is awesome . But after using it for a year it had many glitches. N for 2 months snapchat is not openin . 🥺😔😓😥😭,0,3,snap_chat
2967,Alexis Rutherford,"January 17, 2023",It won't let me log in or sign up and it's saying that I have suspicious login when I gave it a couple days and then I retried and it still won't let me do it and then it gave a month and it still won't let me log in or sign up for it I only have to Snapchat because it keeps logging me out for no reason,1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2968,Dillan Boettcher,"December 6, 2022","Since last few updates I no longer get notifications. Very buggy overall, and crashes.",1 person found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2969,AJ Toth,"February 23, 2023",Y'all need to stop messing with the picture screen it was fine how it was so stop messing with it I'm seeing only 5/6 of my pic screen because of a black bar for no other reason then just to be there,3 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2970,Chloe John,"December 26, 2022",I usually use it to edit my snaps too buh there's no search button for when I need the particular lenses and it's so excruciating to scroll down and still not find the desired lense,1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2971,hayley,"November 4, 2022","I love this app so much, it's a great way to keep in contact with all of my friends. I do wish that Android users had the same privileges as iPhone users do with this app. For example, iPhone users can use dark mode or pin people without having to pay for a premium account, while Android users don't have a dark mode option and have to pay.",320 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2972,Rebecca Obakpolor,"January 11, 2023",My camera keeps lagging and the zoom isn't responsive enough so most of the time it zooms in my face too much. The stories are nice but they don't show anything sometimes,3 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2973,Chaiki Nanami,"October 6, 2022","Firstly of my many months of having Snapchat I really recommend it ! It's kinda hard to get used to, but once you do you will be able to know how to access the amazing features such as the mini games, bitmojis , calling, making groups ,group calls and just general messaging ! I'm gonna be honest with you lot I really think you guys would enjoy Snapchat as for me? I really do! One thing I want to mention is that it's really glitchy at some points not sure why though hope to see it fixed! :)",584 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2974,Hum Dj,"January 29, 2023","Best aap and filter also , very good experience.but my snap streaks are very slow why,i didn't understand.",0,5,snap_chat
2975,Maia L,"January 16, 2023","Yas it's ok!Recommended for ppl who like snapping photos(as it says in the name)Includes phone calls/video calls,texting,photos,and more!Bring your imagination,𝔗𝔬 𝔩𝔦𝔣𝔢!!!",66 people found this review helpful,5,snap_chat
2976,Angelina Mainor,"December 27, 2022",I give it a 4 because it doesnt work well at all on a crome book.When it does work its not for a long time.Other than those things its overall a good app.,0,4,snap_chat
2977,Tristan Hubert,"February 9, 2023",Why can people just friend anyone and anyone who doesn't have contact info on the profile should get kicked plus I can't find a way to delete account,0,1,snap_chat
2978,Ginger Thing,"September 19, 2022","Insanely fenominal app but I got locked out of my account for no reason whatsoever, I didn't break the policy or anything. I has permanently locked me out due to repetitive failure to log in when I never tried to log in so it must have been someone else. Either way, I cannot unlock the account and it's permanently gone and won't let me make a new one even with a new email. I would love if you would respond with help please :)",3 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2979,Azon Malarc,"October 15, 2022","Zero stars. Just downloaded, and will not let me delete story. Uninstalled app as restarting phone did not work, now will not allow me to log in. Try going through my current phone number, the one I signed up with, and tells me""Oops, something went wrong"". How frustrating.",30 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2980,buta Sinhg,"February 11, 2023",Your features are very poor I am not able to edit or make my bitmoji even not on first day of downloading It just shows white screen nothing else.I suggest not to download it 👎👎,0,1,snap_chat
2981,Aditya Rawat,"February 12, 2023","Stories from friends in the notification tab doesn't work, it keeps on re enabling even when I disable it",0,2,snap_chat
2982,Shahad,"November 2, 2022","I mean what is that!! The app acts like a trash in android devices It used to shoot with a very bad quality, laks some feauters existed in apple device and now the picture comes after the sound when taking a video, like if it wasn't enough.",39 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2983,Katlyn Watts,"November 3, 2022","Overall the app is really good.😁 But it always fritz's out and won't load right or let me in.😵 And when I check in play store, it says it doesn't need an update.🤔 So as I'm writing this, I'm stuck out of Snapchat.😭 And if I look, it's still sending my snap from an hour ago.😤 Please fix this problem so I don't have to spend days looking at play store for an update.🤬 Thank you.💕","1,837 people found this review helpful",4,snap_chat
2984,Anes Torres,"February 11, 2023",It's a good app to text people on and u can do e new friend and family on it I love it it's the best thing ever to use,0,5,snap_chat
2985,Katrina Hatcher,"September 25, 2022","The newest update has made watching channels/stories impossible. The videos skip, repeat, stall, or simply not play. Very frustrating, it might be time to delete snapchat if they don't fix these glitches.",12 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2986,Ben Davison,"December 21, 2022",It's much better than it used to be but PLEASE implement a dark mode. Like seriously how is it STILL not on the android version.,0,3,snap_chat
2987,Sumit Vartia,"January 14, 2023",Very nice i t is i really appreciate it i prefer rhis app to evrryone whom do want to enjoy rhis because it doesnot consume too much network and it is very good and make everyone pleasured and will cure every person from all the difficulties and stress in life . I like this app too so i will advice everyone for downloading and giving five five five stars to this really nice app . I may give you challange that you wont uninstall this app and keep it forever in your mobile and asks your for it .,0,2,snap_chat
2988,a relevant potato,"January 3, 2023","tried hiding all the bullshi, clickbait, time wasting and outta pocket channels from the discover part but they keep coming back as this app cares about nothing but to make money. thanks for listening",0,1,snap_chat
2989,Sehreen Bashir,"January 27, 2023",This app is literally 💩 ...shows some privacy policy page and gets stuck in there ...it Stops working after that ..this is happening since last month,1 person found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2990,Bryan Rees,"January 11, 2023","The new update changed the camera and screen layout, now it's dogshit. It was just perfect before, PLEASE go back to when it WORKED JUST FINE",6 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2991,David Shaffer,"December 14, 2022","The amount of ads you have to watch to get through a discover story is riduculous. Like every 10 seconds, no lie. Such a joke",5 people found this review helpful,2,snap_chat
2992,OMEGA,"January 14, 2023","In Android, we do not have all the features that are in our phones, such as Apple phones, for example, in Android, we do not have a wide lens, and at the time of shooting, the camera shakes a lot, and in Apple phones, they have a wide lens, and at the time of shooting it does not shake like Android phones",1 person found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2993,shoto. s,"October 21, 2022","It's a good app, however, it has like no privacy, my friends can see if I screenshoted or screen recorded literally anything, they see I'm currently looking at our messages, they see almost everything I'm doing and it makes me extremely annoyed, uncomfortable.",690 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2994,Ravioli Macaroni,"September 30, 2022","The app does not allow me to send snaps. When I try to do so it says ""Failed to send the attachment"". I already contacted the support and I hope the problem will be solved soon. Otherwise my review will remain negative as I enjoy playing with snaps feature with my friends.",15 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2995,Fergus Young,"December 23, 2022",OK for what it is if you're the person who finds this useful. Format hasn't really taken my interest however (including flicking through the Discover feeds),2 people found this review helpful,3,snap_chat
2996,Evelyn Vazquez,"October 10, 2022",The app stopped showing the notifications for a couple weeks now. It will not show any thing if someone texts or calls me until I open the app. I already cleared the cache for it and I uninstalled it and nothing works. It won't show any notification now.,97 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
2997,DAGEN YUSUF,"February 11, 2023",Snapchat used to be amazing but after the update you cant use the same filter if you want to add something to your video,0,3,snap_chat
2998,Shila Akter,"December 10, 2022",I like Snapchat but for few days everything is just loading in there. I can't open snaps or using any filters. Please fix it soon.,2 people found this review helpful,4,snap_chat
2999,Tim Zimmerman,"January 11, 2023",Does not work on my new Lenovo tablet. It asks for access to local storage but I can't find any switches on the storage menus,7 people found this review helpful,1,snap_chat
