,Name,Date,Review,Found Helpful,Stars,App Name
0,Sam Paul,"February 10, 2023","From one of the best music applications to one of the worst. Spotify just going down. Showing one ad every 30 minutes was fine. But showing ad after every single song, not good and spoils the mood. Songs might be limited but ad is unlimited. But the music this app has is just amazing. A wide variety of songs, a wide variety of moods.","1,435 people found this review helpful",2,spotify
1,Indu Rawat,"February 19, 2023",Spotify is a very good app for those people who want to listen tousic or love singing. The one thing I like is that there are lyrics and they are time synced- meaning you click on a line and it starts playing from there. The quality is superb and it is clear. The range of songs is unbelievable and you can find almost every song on this app.,127 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
2,Mohit Pandey,"February 17, 2023","I was using this app since a long time but since last 2 updates, its experience is continuously being worst. app always shows no internet connection on wifi and on mobile data also. Other apps are running smooth in my phone. but this one sucks. I love the collection of yours and the sound quality also. but this is really disappointing. please fix this bug to make sure that your users need not to go anywhere else.",554 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
3,Shubhra Shrey,"February 18, 2023","Yes, like all, it's those constant ads. Initially it was 2 ads per 4 or 5 songs, then it was 2 ads per 2 or 3 songs. It was still fine. But now, its 3 ads per 2 or 3 songs and it's frustrating. Not all can afford or would like to take a premium. So kindly look after the ads. Apart from that I'd prefer spotify because it introduced me to different artist with the kind of music I listen to. Also, spotify streams means a lot to an artist's career as well.","2,958 people found this review helpful",3,spotify
4,Niharika J,"February 18, 2023","I used to be very fond of the app. I still am, but one problem i have is that if i was streaming a playlist on my phone and i close it, later open Spotify on pc, it does not sync. It shows a completely different playlist or does not show any song at all. I have to go back to my phone to sync music again.",106 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
5,Maneeshwar Muni,"February 20, 2023",Spotify has one of the largest collection of songs. I really like the interface of the app which is very smooth and easy to navigate through the application. The quality of the songs are top notch. After using it for a month I bought Premium to enjoy the music without any interruption of ads. For music I can really say this is the best app I have found.,16 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
6,Sravan Sathian,"February 10, 2023","I really liked that old fashioned spotify interface for currently playing tracks but now, all things got messed up. Some buttons at the top, some at the corner, can't go to album when you click on the track name, and to make things worse, i can't see the album art which has gone under after that update which plays short clip of song. Still an ardent fan of top notch quality this app deliver, yet can't take this interface nonsense anymore.",816 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
7,diya,"February 5, 2023","the perfect app for streaming music but there is a problem i have with the recent update. the ""three dot"" option whenever we search a song is missing. because of this feature we could easily save a song in our playlist without even playing it which was easy to use as we could be using other apps (such as YouTube) in the background without pausing anything. please bring that feature back.",376 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
8,vaishnavi shreya,"February 19, 2023","Spotify is the best app for listening songs but only if you have its premium 'cause the ads literally sucks. One problem that I've been facing is the recommendations of podcasts. The unwanted podcasts show up on my Spotify account frequently and I guess there's no option to get rid of them. Hope my problem will be looked upon and the necessary action would be taken. Other than the above mentioned problem, I'm happy that I came across Spotify❤💜💖",14 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
9,Rajan Mishra,"February 3, 2023","The app is amazing and gives so many vast range options to choose from, both music and podcasts. I really like listening on this platform and the Spotify wrap is simply amazing!! I am always for the year end to see mine. The only issue is that it doesn't give you option to download a single song. You can only download a playlist and as soon as you add a new song to that playlist it automatically starts to download that song which is annoying because it aquires unnecessary space in your phone.","2,267 people found this review helpful",5,spotify
10,Dheeraj Joshi,"February 16, 2023","I've been using Spotify premium since 2 years. And Spotify is a pretty good Music App as compared to other music streaming apps in terms of sound quality and recommendation of songs, but there are few bugs which needs to be fixed. 1 : Whenever I make a new playlist on spotify it is visible on my profile but when I turn my private playlist to public it's not visible on my profile. 2: Sometimes song stops or changes by itself in the middle of streaming.",21 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
11,PESHAL RAINA,"December 13, 2022","I have been using this app for 4 years now. I've seen a major bug for the first time and have nowhere to report it, the bug starts when you get the app in the background and pause the music for some time, the music controls are still visible in the notification bar but the song still doesn't play, further when you go into the app you can't see the song's play/pause control bar on the bottom of the app, yet if you see the playlist you're playing from on home, it shows the symbol of playing.","2,415 people found this review helpful",1,spotify
12,Nayan Joshi,"December 7, 2022","The best music streaming app ever!!! I'm using it since its launch and it's just gone better and better. The best part is the Wrapped mode we get at the end of each year wrapping all the songs and telling us about the top 5s of each category. Just one issue, please allow individual song download. It's hectic putting all the songs in a playlist first and then downloading it.","4,226 people found this review helpful",5,spotify
13,Niranjana Pillai,"December 19, 2022","Great app, I've been using it for 3+ years now and no problems with the app itself. But you guys have really been bombing it with the ads lately. Press on a song after watching an ad, ad. Say no thanks to the 30 minutes of playing, AD. Very annoying. Would appreciate if you would tone it down on that. Thanks. (Also no, I'm not getting Premium again. Don't tell me to, please.)","1,393 people found this review helpful",4,spotify
14,Gabriel Bufardeci,"February 14, 2023","I love the advanced features like enhancing playlists, finding new music, and I love the selection of music too. But when it comes to basic functionality, this app is a nightmare. It takes forever to start, sometimes has to be restarted multiple times to get songs to play, and when I don't have internet, I have to change it to offline mode to even be able to use it since Spotify can't just accept that there's no service currently.",462 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
15,Andrew Dickson,"February 14, 2023","Good access to music. The suggestions are ok but very limited in what they show you. The hide song feature does not work even when you go into the artist and album to hide a specific song it still appears and plays on playlists. The app moves at a glacial pace when you don't have wifi, I understand there is an offline mode in the settings, but if the device does not have an internet connection it will take anywhere from 3-10 minutes to load songs you already have on your device.",327 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
16,Anja,"February 11, 2023","I moved from Pandora to Spotify about a year ago because I loved the option to create my own Playlists with songs I enjoyed and was able to see what songs were in the Playlists. This new update honestly is very frustrating; I don't like it. You can't choose what song you want to listen to in a Playlist, you have to skip through till you get to it. You are no longer able to organize it; only able to click on the song and play a portion of it. Please change it back to the way it was. Thank you.","1,051 people found this review helpful",2,spotify
17,Bonnibel,"February 13, 2023","At the start I really liked it. The lyrics The sound quality, However I'm very and deeply annoyed with this app. I put together a small play list to listen to all the songs I like. What does Spotify do? Add and play song I never liked and when I try to get ride of them and play my liked songs it doesn't work. It only plays the song I want for 10 seconds before returning to the one I don't want to hear. Even searching for a new song won't make it go away. It's really annoying.",167 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
18,Okami Kira,"February 10, 2023","The ads aren't too terrible and the music selection is decent, the only issue I have is with navigation. I got premium to listen to my favorite music ad free and its great and all, but I hate that it closes everytime I use it with google maps. Both apps are updated and it never did this a year or so ago, from my experience. I have an android so not sure if that has something to do with it, but its really frustrating to drive without music for hours.",437 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
19,Dave Norman,"February 4, 2023","Its OK for music. You can't pause an ad though, so if your hands are busy while your Bluetooth is in, and there's something you need to hear, forget it. Also, it's just not the right app for podcasts at all. It cannot play them in order, despite being capable of listing them in order if you manually specify to do so. Spotify leaves a LOT to be desired. My absolute least favorite audio app.",190 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
20,Logan Simmons,"February 12, 2023","I like the app. Its not a bad app. But there is one thing that irritates me. I understand that Spotify wants people to buy premium, I get that, but they need to change it so that whoever doesn't have premium, when they pick a playlist and it's random, it needs to play a song FROM THE PLAYLIST! It's very frustrating when I try and play something from a playlist, and as I don't have premium, Spotify just plays a random song from god knows where. It's really starting to piss me off so fix it!!!!",218 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
21,Toad Taylor,"February 13, 2023","As someone who uses the free version of the app, I can honestly say it's not a great experience for listening to music. Ads are very frequent, and you have very little control over what songs are actually played. It'll often switch you off your current playlist to what it claims to be ""similar"" with no way to get back outside of switching playlists altogether. The only real use I've found for this app is for podcasts, which thankfully don't randomly shuffle you around to somewhere else.",289 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
22,YEETZY BOI 21,"February 14, 2023","2 whole mins of ads only to play two songs (5-6 mins). Where's the 30 mins of ad free music? Mobile without premium is actually garbage. The PC version is so much better, even without premium the app is still usable, with much less ads and it offers more features, such as queue and the option to listen to what you actually want without having to skip through random songs. Overall, the PC experience is much better. Most listen on the go anyway. The experience should be the same on all platforms.",73 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
23,urmomdotcom,"February 5, 2023","I really do love spotify. However, every single update seems to make things worse. Could you guys add back the feature to be able to see song covers when rearranging the playlist? It helps me a lot when it comes to trying to organize playlists, which I do a lot. I used to be able to do it on my tablet before, but now I am completely unable to do it. It would be a nice feature to have back, considering how it was one of the better features the app had. p.s. the ads are getting ridiculous.",228 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
24,Ryan O'Neill,"February 14, 2023","Spotify is fine I suppose. But the interface is so frustratingly stupid. For example, it comes up with a list of trending albums ""for me"", which I try to check out. But if I click on the first album, listen, and then go back to see the next one, the list is gone and replaced by some other list that I don't want to see. Also, why can't I opt out of all these ""identity celebration"" lists: I have no interest in such things.",53 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
25,ツLola,"February 9, 2023","Great app. Awesome songs, everything is accessible. One problem though - a big one at that. I've made over 7 accounts (of which I now only use 1) and every time, it tells me after a while that my trial has expired and then proceeds to play songs that are suggested to songs I listened to. I'm not sure if this is just me. I haven't signed up for the premium free trial or anything. This is a great app, I just dislike how often it tells me my trial has expired. Please fix this if it's an issue.",57 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
26,Matthew Torrington,"February 18, 2023","Been using Spotify for about a year now and it has been great. Song recommendations, making a playlist is easy and looks good. My one major problem is that if I load up my playlist, select a song and shuffle then it will play no problem while I'm doing whatever. But if I stop listening and continue listening the next day a whole new set of songs will begin to play from my playlist. I have premium so I can listen offline, but it doesnt make a difference. Very annoyed and why I gave it 3 stars. 😭",87 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
27,MandessInHell,"February 19, 2023","I enjoy Spotify quite a bit, even paying for premium and having a playlist of songs I like set up, but the most recent feature is annoying me. I enjoy shuffling up my playlist so I can just sit and listen to what I want to in a random order... then this new 'Enhanced Shuffle' is introduced, which will put similar songs just into the playlist. Sure, that can be fine but I want to listen to the ones *I* selected, but unfortunately, we aren't given a way to stop it. Let us turn this off!",120 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
28,Soteria Thomas,"February 14, 2023","Up until the end of last year sometime, Spotify was a great music app. But since a few updates back, the shuffle feature isn't as comprehensive as it used to be; it plays the same queue over and over again. And now since I've more or less abandoned that feature, just playing straight from my Liked Songs results in repetitive queues. I'd love an update to fix this as soon as possible so I can go back to enjoying the app.",51 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
29,Hayden,"February 13, 2023","I've been a premium user for over 3 years and I've encountered the same exact issues the entire time. Music will randomly skip or stop playing, or won't even play at all and I have to restart the app. On desktop it's even worse; the app will just break completely until I restart my computer. I've found some good music using Spotify but there are also several artists whose music has been removed from the app and that was a let down. Overall it's probably not worth the $10 a month, the app sucks.",38 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
30,Amelia Richert,"February 20, 2023","My experience has been pretty okay up until a few days ago. I'm on a premium plan with a friend, but any time any of my friends start a session, I can't join them and Spotify comes up with the message of ""coming to the free version soon,"" but I'm not on the free version. I'm disappointed and annoyed since I thought it was just an issue with my phone, but I've restarted the app multiple times and still nothing. Do better, Spotify. Do better.",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
31,Smol Potato,"February 5, 2023","I listened to a playlist and through the first 4 songs, I got 3 sets of advertisments. This is ridiculous. Also not being able to listen to one specific song but instead having to listen to a random mix, is also ridiculous. Don't get me wrong I love using this app for music, but the amount of ads and not being able to listen to 1 specific song at a time is crazy to me.",133 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
32,Jaelin Stovall,"February 13, 2023","Spotify has been consistently partially working since I started using the PC app in 2013 and the mobile app in 2017. It's the only app I know that, despite its popularity, never seems to fix its issues. However, if we were to ignore its many, MANY glitches, it could be one of the best streaming apps on the market. But unfortunately, that would require us to completely ignore the glitchiness.",22 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
33,Mir X,"February 15, 2023","All in all, great selection. However, the app keeps playing the last song/podcast whenever my phone connects to my car's Bluetooth. Even if the app is closed. The only way to stop this is revoking app permissions, which makes it unusable. After some digging, I found this is a 4 year old (!!) issue that was never addressed by Spotify product team. Very disappointing. I literally can't use this app and am forced to uninstall.",27 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
34,Aine Rossman,"February 9, 2023","I love Spotify, but I've been having some problems lately. The songs and podcast episodes just stop playing for some reason. Sometimes I'll have Spotify running in the background, but it happens when Spotify is the only thing running on my phone. I've uninstalled the app at least three times already, and it keeps happening. Spotify is one of my most-used apps, so I'd really appreciate if this problem got fixed.",32 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
35,Noah Toro,"February 15, 2023","It's NEAR perfect. However, there are a two glaring issues, both of which have to do with the ""liked songs"" playlist. The liked playlist I admire for being in opposite order when adding songs, but the fact that you can't move around the songs (for whatever reason?) Is weird. Especially since computer people just copy it onto another empty playlist and edit it there, so why not the same for phone users? The last how easy it is to unlike songs, the amount of times I've done it is annoying (truly).",19 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
36,prysmcat,"February 19, 2023","Installed, chose music... fine. Then was abruptly told my 1-week trial expired and I would have to pay to continue choosing my own music. I now get only very brief samples of individual songs, unless listening to Spotify playlists. The service is overpriced (I don't need high quality, I don't mind ads, and that is too much just for offline use) and apparently the free version is roughly as useful as a traditional radio station. This is the future of music? Sticking with my old-school collection.",32 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
37,Amanda Hatfield,"February 19, 2023","When I search and find a song to play, it plays a different song than the one I clicked. You can only skip songs 6 times in an hour before you have to either stop listening or deal with the songs you get, I can't find the songs I'm looking for because the navigation is terrible. The only thing this has that makes it worth more than 0 stars is the fact that it plays music while you do other things. If that's not a requirement for you, I recommend YouTube music, premium can be played in backround",25 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
38,Taevid,"February 14, 2023","The fact that you have an ""autoplay"" option that can be turned on and off and not be able to ever turn it off is infuriating , I want to listen to my songs in my Playlists but I get recommended songs instead when the ""autoplay"" Is off does not make any freaking sense. And that's why you only get 2 starts. It doesn't matter if you have premium or not. It still will play unwanted ""recommended"" song.",28 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
39,Phil Holmes,"February 13, 2023","This app is not the easiest to use. When everything is working, it's fine. Good sound relatively easy to get around in. Easy to search for songs or albums. However, it will stop mid playlist for no obvious reason. It will also change outputs at random. I have to restart and re-configure. Not good when trying to relax and listen to music.",27 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
40,idontwannatypeaname,"February 19, 2023","The first few days of using Spotify was good and easy but now there's all sorts of problems. The biggest one is that I don't even get to play the song I selected. It plays me ""similar"" songs and everything except the one I want to hear. I can't skip through a song or replay it either. Honestly disappointed in Spotify and I'll probably go back to YouTube Music 🫤",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
41,Juniper,"February 19, 2023","Overall,it's an incredible app that I've been using for a pretty long time. But,there are LOTS of things that are glitchy,buggy,and just don't work in general. Spotify will just stop working out of the blue for no given reason,its the only app on my phone that lags everything while I'm trying to use it. It will make video podcasts basically unusable,by not showing the video,or the audio will just stop working completely. Love it,but it has become a pain to use. Please fix it!",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
42,Kate Andres,"February 10, 2023","Spotify is endlessly frustrating. It's a feather in the cap of the few ""exclusive to Spotify"" podcasts I listen to that I put up with the app and haven't just abandoned them. I only use it for podcasts, not music. When the ads come on, very often my podcast will start over at the beginning or jump to an episode I've already listened to. I upgraded to premium to avoid the ads, and guess what? There are still ads on podcasts! So many more frustrations but I'm out of space.",31 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
43,Ron Keefer,"February 5, 2023","I'll give it 5 stars again if my issue can be fixed. I've been a paying customer for years. But recently when I play a Playlist, on shuffle, I get a lot of songs playing that aren't on my Playlist. Usually when this happens, you're Playlist will finish and continue on with suggested songs. These songs will start as early as the 2nd song and it's kind of annoying. Considering i turn that feature off.",57 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
44,Jennifer J,"February 18, 2023","Constantly glitches and stops what I'm listening to part way thru. If I push play to get it going again, it starts the song over. If I push advance to the next song, I have to sit thru 5 obnoxious ads since I don't pay for the service. I'm supposed to get 30 minutes of uninterrupted listening because I already listened to the required ads. This kind of service/quality does not inspire me to spend my money on this app. I do enjoy the variety and ease of adding songs.",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
45,Carly Ateah,"February 3, 2023","Would give 5 stars if the songs didn't stop every couple minutes. Have to unlock my phone and open up the app for it to continue playing, and even then it starts the song over (which is extremely annoying when you're driving). When I went up north, even though I had everything downloaded and wasn't connected to the internet, it stopped and wouldn't let me play anything. This has been an issue for quite some time with this app, so I paid for Amazon and seriously thinking of canceling Spotify.",316 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
46,Darren Brown,"February 19, 2023","I've been using Spotify since the early days. Advertising takes up so much airspace. As a result, I use the Mutify app to mute the ads with success. I've discovered a lot of new artists and bands on Spotify; however, the algorithm never changes. As a non-paying user, the same songs in the exact same order are played over and over. Just comes off as limiting and lazy and a way for Spotify to make money like all the other apps.",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
47,Burgerboy 2007,"February 12, 2023","This is the first review I have given below 3 stars. Why would you remove the QUEUE BUTTON, a key feature. Also, when I make a Playlist I don't want to hear songs that weren't added. I don't want to hear only country music for 15 minutes because I added one country song. Why can't music streaming services actually focus on the reason they exist, MUSIC. I heard from someone that ""music services forgot about the music"". This couldn't be more true, and that's sad. YT music allows endless skips.",48 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
48,Mik Robinson,"February 18, 2023","The app is great but expensive. I've had premium and is great but just couldn't justify the price. The free version is still very good, you don't always get to hear what you want and the ""skip a song"" is limited but I don't see the benefit of paying full price. So unless there are more offers of 6months free I'll keep the free version. It would get 5stars for the full version if it wasn't so expensive.",15 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
49,Lisa Manske,"February 9, 2023","Terrible for podcast listening! I get in the car and select an episode to listen to while driving. After that episode ends, a new episode starts automatically. I didn't select it, but fine. When the second episode ends, the first one starts playing again! This app can't even differentiate between episodes that have already been listened to in the same session? Uninstalling. Glad I didn't pay for premium service.",24 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
50,Benjamin Townsend,"February 19, 2023","Spotify is great IF you have premium. The base version tries to annoy you every way possible with adds and a limited amount of skips, and not being able to play the songs you want to, but if you get premium, it is easily the best music app. There are so many different bundles and deals which you can use to make it cheaper, for instance taking a family plan and splitting it between six people which leaves you spending about two dollars a month. Most reviews are about the base version. Get Premium",15 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
51,Taylor Carpenter,"February 5, 2023","Shuffle won't work, says its on but it isn't. Any time I try to choose a song it skips to whatever the next song in the playlist is, regardless of what button I press and what song I select. Been a spotify premium subscriber for a while now but this app has absolutely gone down the drain as far as I'm concerned. The only silver lining is that I can still sorta listen to music. If there was an option for 0 stars I'd select it.",36 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
52,Syed Ahmad Hassan Zanjani,"February 18, 2023","Easy to use and very intuitive. What I really like about Spotify is how it exceptionally tailors to your liking. Let's say if you play a song that you like and just press the forward button, the songs that the app will make a queue of next, are somehow magically of your exact choice. It helps you discover new music that you'll like. 9/10 solid.",55 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
53,Ayla McEckron,"February 4, 2023","All of a sudden I can only play a few songs so I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it got worse, I couldn't redownload the songs I previously had downloaded, also, it seems like a lot of songs I used to listen to are now unplayable for some reason. I've been using Spotify for 4-5 years now and I've never had any issues with it. Edit: it's now working perfectly",255 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
54,Josh Tucco,"February 11, 2023","I've had Spotify for about 8 years, I've always really enjoyed it, but the plethora of changes they've made to the app have made it less user friendly. It used to develop accurate suggestions for me and now I feel like they suggest music that has been paid to be put in front of me, or is just what is globally trending. Neither is how I enjoy discovering new music, and seldomly do I enjoy what's been suggested. I'm on the brink of canceling my subscription and switching services due to this.",136 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
55,Robert Powers,"February 17, 2023","I don't mind the smart shuffle feature as an option, which I never plan on using, but it is not able to be turned off. I regularly swap between shuffled and sequential playlists, and having to tap the shuffle button three times (with a lag with smart shuffle) makes it a bad experience. Please make smart shuffle optional. I would have done feedback instead of a review, but that is not an option either. Now, the public gets my personal opinion instead of me contacting Spotify to resolve this.",7 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
56,Brooklyn Bauer,"February 13, 2023","They've got music, podcasts, books, white noise... Great variety overall. Great price for how much they offer. Only 2 complaints, they don't have every single song you could ever want (try looking up an obscure movie soundtrack) and sometimes the app gets glitchy, repeating songs when it's on shuffle or playing songs that aren't on your downloaded playlist. But yah can't be perfect. Love this app.",9 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
57,Kristyn Anderson,"February 4, 2023","I love this app but there are ads like every five minutes. Saying that I get a ""30 minute ad-free listening experience"" sounds more like a slap in the face than a promise because it just doesn't happen. Also whenever I want to listen to a specific song it just plays something completely different, and it takes me to use all of my skips just to get play what I chose in the first place.",36 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
58,Forrest Wyble,"February 7, 2023","I've only been using this app for a few weeks, and there are some things I would like to see changed: -When I select Add to Queue, I mean at the end of my current queue, not NEXT; if there was a Play Next option, that would be welcomed. -I don't like that there isn't an option to clear the queue when it was auto- populated based on my original selection. Also, it would be nice to see the previously played songs within the current queue, in case I would like to go back to a song.",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
59,Geoff Mounts,"February 19, 2023","Deleted the app because there is no way to disable it upon connecting to my car via Bluetooth. I don't want it to start playing music as soon as I connect my phone to my car. They should reach out to Android and Apple to fix this. Until they do, I'll just download it intermittently to listen to a podcast here and there. Very annoying, but not as annoying as it playing music as soon as I connect my car to my phone.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
60,Alexander Wiebe,"February 17, 2023","The free version is genuinely not worth your time. You can only play playlists on shuffle and 2-plus minute ad breaks come in every 3 songs. But $10 a month is a lot to ask for an app this user-unfriendly. The desktop app is solid, but you almost HAVE to do all your actual organizing there due to the mobile version's limitations. For podcasts, it's fine but, again, limited. Lose your place? Time to scroll. Sometimes it plays in reverse order, sometimes the sort is backwards...",44 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
61,John Dean,"February 19, 2023","If some of the big fixes actually worked then this rating would be much higher but with what is going on right now on the platform it is hard to give it a higher score. For over 3+ months there has been a bug that doesn't allow you to scroll on your subgenres in your liked playlist, also the casting feature doesn't allow you to change songs too quickly or it will show the next song while staying on the original. If these 2 simple things could change we would be able to utilize the app itself.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
62,Maia Z,"February 5, 2023","I'm annoyed. I have used Spotify for a while, and it was great up until maybe a couple weeks ago, because I think I remember updating, and now every two songs there are like three ads. I didn't download this app to listen to non stop adverts, I downloaded it to listen to music. I hope the developers can make it so that there are less ads. that's all, otherwise great app 👍",305 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
63,James Boose,"February 20, 2023","I've been a spotify subscriber for a very long time and the upgrades to the app has been getting better each year. However, if I had to change one thing outside of the app it would be an option to speak directly with a Spotify customer service representative. The bot options are limited and can't always address the problem or issue.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
64,Katie Phillips,"February 18, 2023","Shuffle is terrible. All I want from Spotify is to put my playlist in a random order and play it in that order until the end without reorganizing it every time I close the app for a little while. I hear the same songs over and over and never hear others, why would it be on my playlist if I didn't want to hear it? It just feels like a very simple feature to be able to reorder the playlist randomly and then play the whole thing and I don't know why it's not available.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
65,Rosy Livermore,"February 17, 2023","It's not awful, there are a lot of ads, but the reason I'm writing this one star review is because of one major issue which just ruins everything about this for me. Whenever I want to listen to my playlists, this stupid app plays completely different music. As someone who hates new things, and finds comfort in what I'm used to, it make the app pretty much unusable, unless I'm listening to a specific artist. I know my review doesn't really matter, but I'm not changing until spotify does.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
66,Annie C. Chen,"February 5, 2023","When I play a Spotify playlist, it didn't go in the order listed. It jumps around even though shuffle is not on. It also plays songs not on the list even though I don't have that song queued. The touchscreen also doesn't work when I select the doing even though it works everywhere else in life. Thinking of unsubscribing because it's so temperamental.",28 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
67,Alex Kobayashi,"February 9, 2023","The absolutely BONKERS queue system basically ruins a perfectly good app. It's snappy and responsive when navigating menus, but does have some strange (relatively minor) glitches here and there. The fact that playlists are also public by default and (there's no way to change that setting in-app) is a huge annoyance as well. Also, THE POP-UP ADS, OMG. They're so annoying!! I've never had this many ads on something I pay actual money for!!!",26 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
68,Gina Martin,"February 3, 2023","Way too many ads. You hear about 2-3 songs, and then 5 or more ads. Ads are usually like 30 seconds long and they were clearly made extra annoying with dumb sound effects and stuff like that on purpose to make you buy premium. The app has become way harder to use too, like you can't listen to song previews anymore. If you're thinking about getting this app, don't waste your time. I honestly have so many more issues with the app but I'm running out of space. Super overrated",294 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
69,Cameron Warech,"February 14, 2023",I have noticed a huge decrease in quality and general usability recently. Music will randomly pause at random intervals. The app will no longer show me the song that is currently playing. The scrolling banner is stuck on something I listened to days ago. I've tried clearing cache and updating the app with no success. These issues need to be addressed ASAP. Edit: These issues appear to have benlen addressed.,31 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
70,Megan Rankin,"February 8, 2023","There is plenty of music to enjoy in this app. I've gone with the free version since ads don't bother me. The irritant is i have over 600+ songs favorites. Spotify seems to want to play anything that has no relation to the favored songs or turn off the current song that is playing. Even after swiping a few away, or changing the song only to go back, Spotify still plays songs that are not in my favorites.",141 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
71,Anastasia Smith (Violet Plum),"February 10, 2023","I would give it 0 stars if I could. Only premium members can have certain perks, such as not mixing songs and being able to remove sample songs. It completely defeats the whole purpose of a free music app that is easy to use. I do not recommend, it is horrible. It used to be better until they updated it for the worse to make freaking money. Don't care about user experience. And make it hard to use the app Don't install.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
72,jacob ohlo,"February 9, 2023",I appreciate it for what it is... Another place to find music. What I extremely dislike about the application is how if you had a playlist selected previously and then open Spotify back to that playlist it will play 1 song or the remainder of the song that was on prior to re-opening the application and then you only get ads.... Non-stop ads until you open the application yet again to select the same or a different playlist. Even after updating this hasn't been resolved. I'm disappointed.,4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
73,339flyingbeagles,"February 10, 2023","Spotify is great on the PC besides the ads. I expected the app to be as good. But it isn't. If you want to listen to a specific song, you can't without it being randomly shuffled in with songs you don't care about, which is highly annoying. I want to listen to this one song. Why do they need to make it so hard? You can't pick a song on a playlist and there isn't any way to loop a song as far as I can tell. Spotify, please for sanity's sake, change this.",7 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
74,Steven Bermuda,"February 18, 2023","I'm late to the spotify platform but as of so far its been great, I didn't have to pay for premium until the next three months and that's not including the trial it gives you when you're new. I'm only paying 10 dollars, less then what I paid at YT music premium and I get more for my buck. They make it easier to use and find everything you like; With great recommendations.",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
75,Joe F Hruska,"February 7, 2023","App will modify your playlist. It replaces songs with updated versions, not what I chose to download. This will play what they think I will like on my downloaded playlist. Also, it's editing explicit songs, unacceptable for any song and especially for the premium version. I'm an adult and can handle foul language. This is no longer the Spotify I once loved. It is woke and in turn worthless. Look elsewhere.",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
76,Jon Chen,"February 19, 2023","Not funny. Had Amazon Alexa, worked fine for a while, then suddenly start ""mixing"" songs and I couldn't get my intended song if my life depended on it. Got Spotify just to not have this issue. Open up Spotify and boom! Same exact issue as Alexa and every other music platform. Now forced to pay just to listen to intended music. Absolutely ridiculous. Losing faith in every music platform.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
77,Alifant Bixby,"February 20, 2023",Not hugely impressed yet. Despite being on the 'free trial' podcasts are still full of ads. Castbox is easier to navigate. Tried a workout playlist at the gym and it was awful. I like a swear as much as anyone but don't need to hear m****** f***** and n***** when I'm trying to work out. BBC iPlayer do a better job if those and don't pretend they are specifically created for you.,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
78,Sam Woodhatch,"February 13, 2023",Total shite It can't handle many songs in a playlist before it starts to crash. I download the app and make it store downloads to my sd card and it automatically transfers it all back to internal storage. And crashes when I try to move it back again. And then when I restart my phone for whatever reason it deletes everything that was downloaded and tries to install it back to internal memory again! Sort it out!,17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
79,Chuckle Sannel,"February 18, 2023","All I get are whiskey, s** and betting ads, I can't skip all I want, and I can't choose desktop. Premium is $100 a year, and they also advertise that all the time. You never get the 30 minutes of free listening, and if you don't have more than 5 songs on your playlist then it ""enhances"" it with a bunch of random s***, but besides that it's great. Oh and Spotify in general doesn't have ""cannonball"" from cannonball run.",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
80,Kaitlyn Kotulak,"February 15, 2023","For the most part, I have little problem with it. But the problems I do encounter are frustrating, such as the app not playing a song I select, it immediately chooses a different song in a playlist of similar songs. It feels a little more difficult to navigate than the PC version too. But the music selection is great and the app is great to have when my other music options are otherwise unavailable to me.",154 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
81,Nicholas Ixo,"February 17, 2023","Spotify has turned me into a music person and the app is overall great. But one thing that drives me nuts is that you cannot search your library for music. It's such a basic function I don't even know how this exists this way. It's bothersome and it gets 2 stars until you can search for songs within your own library. Massively dumb, can't believe it almost.",99 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
82,RussoT,"February 16, 2023","Edit- has improved again and is a solid app. The navigation can definitely use improvements (way too many steps for simple tasks at times) but functionally is reliable. It's become awful the last couple of updates. It will crash periodically. It won't play next podcasts in queue sometimes. And, the app when not in use won't update in your notifications meaning it won't show the current song/podcast or there is no way to control it. You have to close the app and reopen it.",8 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
83,Noah Emuze,"February 17, 2023","The music features are great, but getting to your desired song is a nightmare. I want to play a song but when I tap it, Spotify just shows and plays a bunch of other songs. It's so difficult I had to uninstall the app and look for a different music app. This was honestly so bad and ruined my time enjoying music here. It's so difficult to use and I really don't recommend anyone who is 'just trying to listen to music' to download this app. I would give it a 0 star, that's just how frustrating itis",22 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
84,Dmitrii Kirov,"February 17, 2023","The app recently stopped memorizing where I stopped listening to the track. I can no longer continue where I left off. The state seems to be saved, but after a few hours it is no longer there. This is especially annoying with long podcasts - I now have to start from the beginning every time. My device is Pixel 6a. Restarting the app/device does not help. Several recent updates did not fix the issue. I put one star to escalate the problem.",11 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
85,Michelle Bledsoe,"February 17, 2023","Update: It plays in my car now, but no matter how many times I turn on Gapless, it defaults back to off. Frustrating as hell. I loved Spotify... until their recent update. Now, the app won't play in my car, even though it shows that it's playing on my app. :( I almost only listen to it whole driving, so now, what's the point? Might have to go back to Pandora.",52 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
86,Alex Graeff,"February 16, 2023","Sure, there's access to all sorts of music and podcasts, and the actual streaming works fine (I'm a premium member), but the app itself is not great. The organization of music and podcasts is basically non-existent. It's dismal as a podcast manager. It's mediocre as a music explorer/manager. But the customized playlists are nice and I listen to stuff often.",47 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
87,Jessica Wyatt,"February 16, 2023","Not sure what happened but since the last update the app has been giving issues. At first i thought maybe it was my phone/battery which i fixed by enabling background activity but I'm not sure anymore at this point. I play music for a long period of time on same phone but hours later i decide to start listening again, it just stops in the middle of a song. First time I'm having consistent issues with the app in the years I've been using it. 2/16/23 The enhance feature is gone.",14 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
88,Aryanna Greene,"February 17, 2023","DON'T GET this app, it's seriously a waste of your time. The whole point of the app is to listen to songs u want to enjoy but u literally can't do that! U don't get the options of listening to your own music choices which sucks. I have a Playlist with 4 songs and I can never listen to the songs because it plays everything else but the songs I added to there. So I have to go to YouTube to listen to them. Essentially they're forcing you to add more songs to a Playlist enabled for it to play.😡",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
89,Ilona Koivula,"February 17, 2023","Shuffle doesn't work. Some songs play multiple times and some don't appear at all. Prefers to focus on one or a few artists and misses others. Love the blends and the possibilities to make playlists together. But if you listen to those a lot, all of your and your friends' recommendations become the same. I don't want to listen to the same kind of music all the time. And recommendations just play a lot of the same music anyway. Would be cool to be able to discover more new music.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
90,Girouxsalem,"February 6, 2023","The best music app out there. I have just started to use the audio book feature to listen to the Lord of the rings trilogy and I have a couple qualms, I'm not sure if these apply to all your audiobooks or solely to LOTR but the sound effects and music level often drown out the reading. Most of the time it's perfect but when there's a battle or emphasis on bad weather I cannot understand a word that's being said. Some chapters are battles that last an hour and 20 mins and I can't hear any of it.",71 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
91,Esther Brown,"February 16, 2023","App is crashing during songs. It gets very old fast. It's also doing it during podcasts as well, generally around 3:28 into them. Very annoying. Fix this! It's getting to be a pita. And now running into issues playing podcasts, where it skips through entire parts (Legends of the Old West, Hatfields and the Mccoys, for example, don't play correctly).",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
92,Lory Galfo,"February 17, 2023","this app is now really annoying, it makes me nervous...when I want to search and choose a song, it puts a totally different one. And my playlist can't be organized at all because it puts on a song that I don't even care about and I didn't add on my playlist. I suppose it's because I must get the premium but as far as I'm concerned this is unacceptable, you can put other functions for a premium subscription, but you can't forbid to do literally EVERYTHING. please do something for this...thanks",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
93,Charlotte Brown,"February 15, 2023","So basically the reason I'm only giving it three stars is because although I love listening to music and it has many good songs to choose from, when I try to listen to my playlist it just starts playing random songs and I can't fix it. I've redownload Spotify 13 times now as it doesn't let me restart. its very annoying and I'm considering listening to my music on other apps because of this issue. Please fix it ASAP. I've read some reviews and most of them have the same problem as I do. FIX IT!!!",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
94,Kasey Jakien,"February 15, 2023","I love Spotify and I've been a premium member for years. Rarely, I have a small delay in paying my premium (I always do pay) and I just deal with less features until I can pay. I see now that I either have to pay or cancel my premium just to listen to anything at all, including my playlists. I think this move is going to make a lot of Spotify members just give up Premium, then get frustrated with the free version and switch to just listening to free music tracks on Youtube like I did.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
95,Ryker Koebel,"February 5, 2023","As far as music apps, this one is my favorite. The problems I've had are; app crashing if music is paused too long, not loading things in general (except my profile), and music briefly cutting out and coming back. I'm unsure if any are caused by me, but they're not bad enough that I dont like the app. Just wish ost's could be in here instead of remixes.",29 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
96,Jeremy Willey,"February 17, 2023","In the past month the app keeps stopping mid song for no known reason. When I re-open the app it just begins the song over. It's very frustrating when I'm at the gym and my music just stops in the middle of a set. I've cleared the cache, I've reinstalled the app, and I'm even using a different phone now but it keeps happening.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
97,Al D,"February 16, 2023","I've been using spotify for along time now. I've always love it, but with the new update not being able to enhance the playlist now you have to click smart shuffle and it doesnt show you which songs were added and maybe i didnt want those songs added. It also only gives you the opportunity to add other songs but you can only listen to about 30 seconds of it so i have to search that song, listen to it fully, then debate wether i wanna add the song or not. Please bring the enhance option back!",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
98,O5_command,"February 7, 2023","I would consider buying premium but the app is so badly layed out and frustrating that I wouldn't waste any money on this. It continues to add random songs to my play list, you can't even select a specific song in the playlist so you must skip through the songs to find it ... Oh wait, you can't. 6 skips an hour but unlimited for a subscription along with the removal of ads which appear every 2 songs. the worst part is that most of these complaints don't exist in the browser version. Brilliant.",37 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
99,Black Shadows,"February 5, 2023","They changed the look of the platform and removed the button where you can go to the pervious song, the only way you can use it is if you pay premium. You also can't play whatever song you want. There's also ads after every two songs. Very annoying. I used to love this app, but now it feels like you HAVE to pay if you want a good experience.",28 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
100,Maurina K,"February 16, 2023","Since the last update, this app has been nothing but glitchy. I used to be able to keep it offline with my downloaded playlists and the app would remember last song played and continue when started again. Since the update, it no longer does this. I must open the app & choose the playlist each time. Was so much easier connecting and playing in my car when I didn't have to open the app to get it to play. I have been seriously considering cancelling my subscription, considering these leaner times.",13 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
101,kdrox4264,"February 17, 2023","I hate this app. You can only find about 75% of the songs you're looking for. Then you spend HOURS building playlists to your liking, just to find out that putting your playlist on shuffle falls into a loop. You have 40 different artists on one playlist and shuffle it, then you get 1-2 artists only. I have premium and 1/2 the time I open the app, it's giving it at a discounted rate then the other 1/2 is app features. Go away pop-ups! I just want to listen to music. Save your time. This is BS!!!!",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
102,LAKIN Isabelle,"February 13, 2023","Good on pc, bad on mobile. Whenever I play a playlist on mobile, it plays one song from the playlist and a random song instead of the next one in the list which is incredibly annoying, plus the fact there are 3 30 second ads that last as long as the songs. Would be 4 stars if I could play my playlist without issue. Additionally, you can't jus play a single song over and over again or choose a song in your playlist to start with.",0,1,spotify
103,Michael Segarra,"February 4, 2023","Every so often I have to deal with yet another example of how bad Spotify's mobile app is. The fact that there's a difference between the mobile and PC apps is already ridiculous. I cannot stress this enough; Spotify is absolute trash. The only reason anyone uses it is because all the other similar apps are even worse than Spotify. Spotify is the ""best"" in a gigantic pile of garbage, so much so that I actually bother to post this review for it. I really do hate Spotify.",48 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
104,Philip C,"February 15, 2023","Okay, the last update made it better. Brought back playlist and song previews and allowed me to loop the playlist. Just upgraded to Premium, which is what everyone should do if they can afford it. 100% worth it. Dropped one for abysmal performance on free, dropped a second because I can no longer buy audiobooks in the app. Why? It worked perfectly well",176 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
105,Tom Wisniewski,"February 8, 2023","Music selection, fantastic. App itself, not great, specifically when using the shuffle feature. If your playlist is too large, it'll start playing the same songs instead of randomizing the entire playlist. Edit February 2023 - Now it's clearing the queue after the app is closed or clearing an entire playlist. Every update makes this app worse.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
106,Randika Fernando,"February 16, 2023","The ""downloaded""music doesn't play when there's no wifi or cell data. Also the app is really buggy. What's the point of paying premium if you can't download? Update, the bugs in the app has got worse! Even more with them trying to force you to listen to their music and add songs to your Playlist. Not a proud member of Spotify anymore. 😁 The premium is definitely not worth it in Spotify.",0,1,spotify
107,EndWRX,"February 7, 2023","It's a great app with every almost every music you could think of. But the ads are intolerable, and i swear that they ads are so long. Even when you switch to a new Playlist right after seeing ads, you still get ads again. Youbalso cant drap your song to a specific time on here, which is extremely sad. Plalists also have to be played only in a random shuffle, not the specific order you added have in your list. Do better Spotify.",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
108,Alf Phillips,"February 16, 2023","Great so far. Last used Spotify when it first came out and ads would happen nid track. This is much better, quality of sound is great and it doesn't stop playing when you kick the screen to put your phone in your pocket. (koff koff YouTube could learn a lesson) Only gripe is that the UI is weak. UX design is hard and Spotify got this wrong here on Android.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
109,Matt Esperon,"February 8, 2023","This app SUCKS for podcasts. It stops randomly, skips back or ahead at random intervals, and freezes to the point that I have to reset my phone. It's really annoying that some podcasts are exclusive to Spotify. I'd gladly pay for some of those to listen on another app. No problem with playing music, but adding songs to Playlists is really clunky.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
110,Farang Ding Dong,"February 4, 2023","Still doesn't sync between devices like it used to so it never continues to play the playlist when switching devices on the same premium account when online. Also when playing in offline mode it starts the playlist from the top and not from the last played song when you open the app again. Frustrating and Devs need to do some work to make this function. Otherwise, it is a good app.",40 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
111,K Jova,"February 20, 2023","Detest this. I have so many reasons but the worst is the logic behind ads and whatnot. I'm trying to listen to an audiobook, hit play, and all of a sudden I get this loud country song. Or I'm listening to soothing sounds to fall asleep to and all of a sudden there's this loud rock music. Plus I can't figure out how to get my phone to use a different app from this",0,1,spotify
112,Natassja,"February 16, 2023","Dear Spotify, I love the app and its beautiful layout/UI, but if I wanted ""recommendations"" that automatically play inside of my 'liked songs' and playlists, I would have asked for it - and I didn't. I subscribe every month to play the music I want to hear - nothing more, nothing less. Please remove this horrible feature - it's effing up my rotation!",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
113,Diego Vela,"February 16, 2023","Yesterday I've noticed that the layout of the play, back and forward buttons were changed, I don't understand the point on that, it looks and feels unbalanced, the play button should always be in the center, At first I thought that it was a bug, but apparently is some sort of experiment, well... It would be better if Spotify had a Beta Program for those who want to try experimental features. Please! Don't mess with the interface too much! Symmetry is all we need.",107 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
114,Brian Cooley,"February 14, 2023","Updated review for 2023. This app is 50/50. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it sucks. Likes to randomly switch podcasts while listening. Sometimes they start over completely, sometimes they stay in the spot where I was once restarting. Sometimes it'll switch podcasts, then hide the one you were just listening to, making you type out the entire podcast title to locate it again. Frustrating.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
115,Pringlebepis Yeet,"February 6, 2023","Changing my rating, from 5 to 2 stars. Because this nonsense keeps happening. I'll have music playing at random to find new things to listen to. Everytime I do find something i like or want to share, spotify resets it's list of music so that the previous song (the one I want to know) is gone. Lost forever in the sea of music, up to random chance I'll ever find it again. Don't tell me to ""just do it ahead of time either"" it's always while driving. Might uninstall, I have youtube premium.",6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
116,Felix Boyer,"February 9, 2023","more recently all the songs I've tried to play have just been stopping at around 3-11 seconds and don't start playing again at all. not only that, but sometimes when I try to click on playlists it has the warning for no internet connection, and stays like that for hours even if I know I'm connecting to wifi that's working perfectly fine for other apps.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
117,Jacob T,"February 9, 2023","Wish their randomize button was actually random. There is definitely an algorithm guiding it, I have a playlist of over 92 hours of music on it, if I start adding classic songs from it to my 'Classics' playlist, it will start dumping classic music into my supposedly 'random' shuffle. It will also lean towards playing songs that were more recently added to the playlist as well.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
118,Gary Hudson,"February 10, 2023","It usually is great, I'm a premium user who can't listen to a song without it restarting or switching over to the next song. Downloading only makes it where you can play the music in offline mode. In cases like this when the app is acting up, you can't listen to the music on your personal device because it doesn't download directly to your device.",139 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
119,KITTEN PAWZ,"February 3, 2023","Greed greed and more greed, the main thing I have a problem with, is that they try to make the free version UNUSABLE by adding features like ""you have to have at least 14 songs in a playlist or we add random things"" or ""you can't listen to a song without going to a playlist of a bunch of other songs"" or ""you can't rewind songs"" in order to FORCE you into buying premium. That said,it's great for listening to podcasts,but not being able to listen to a song you like is ridiculous,among other things",317 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
120,Tengo Burrows,"February 18, 2023","I had this on my laptop for a long while and decided to use it on my phone too. That was a HUGE mistake, there are constant ads, i cant even play any song i want without going through 80% of the playlist but even then i can only skip one song every six hours. Every time i try to start a playlist on a song it gives me a small portion then start on something completely different. Honestly thought the mobile version would be better",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
121,Ninja Da cat,"February 19, 2023","As someone who uses the free version I despise this. You don't get to listen to the music YOU want, 3 ads, they will give you previews of a song from a playlist but when u wanna play it they won't let you, limited skips, random ads pop up on ur screen and it's just absolutely annoying. Idk if this happens to others but it does to me an it's so bad even SoundCloud is better at this point. I don't recommend",0,1,spotify
122,Noah Bryson,"February 17, 2023","I love the app on PC. But hate it on mobile. Since I don't have premium, the app is very limited on what it is allowing me to do. I only get 6 skips we hour, I can't choose a single song I want to listen to, and even on my local files playlist, I have to listen to it on shuffle play. Spotify, please get rid of these limitations.",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
123,Jennifer Jackson,"February 8, 2023","I cannot listen to music and stream on my phone without it completely stopping and restarting the song to the beginning. I have gone through every setting to fix this and nothing helps. I pay for premium service, it should be able to play the songs I want and not stop when I look at my FB page. Annoying, and will cancel if not corrected.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
124,Grace Baculanta,"February 19, 2023","Spotify has been great but since the shuffle only can be turned off by premium does suck since you need premium and you need to buy one. Yes, you can get it for free but after that you need it to buy premium, plus the add on. Is that there is no looped songs you can enable it has been gone. For me I always get constant ads whenever I skip a song. Spotify is good but not enough to satisfy the experience of music.",72 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
125,Ashley Sanford,"February 13, 2023","Girl, idk what happened. It used to just crash after skipping songs, but now it doesn't even load downloaded songs and gets stuck in your Liked Songs list. If you play something in another app and come back to Spotify, it will start off at a completely different point if you are listening to a podcast. The only way to get around the constant hang-ups is to play a song from On Repeat and then go into Liked or whatever other Playlist you want and add songs to the queue.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
126,Lukasz Wrzeszczynski-Siuda,"February 5, 2023","EVERY. TIME. I. RESTART. THE. PHONE. SPOTIFY. SWITCHES. FROM. MY. SD. CARD. TO. DEVICE. STORAGE. This app is a joke. Three, four times a day I have to force-close Spotify, because it won't load anything otherwise. The offline mode is awful (why the heck can't I go from a song to a ""full album"" if I have it downloaded?!). And the worst one - Spotify erases all own data and switches to internal memory after restarting the phone (waiting for 4357 songs to download again is really fun).",43 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
127,Diego Delgado,"February 15, 2023","I like it a lot. Although I do prefer the previous version in which I could choose the songs I wanted to play, skip the songs I didn't want to hear at the moment, loop a specific song or album and choose a song even when one is currently playing. Apart from that. Good experience. Just wish I could keep that previous version.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
128,Mikkel Hansen,"February 13, 2023","First of all. There are now ads on Premium. Second. The suggestions in my experience are not that accurate. It is probably good but It's either the same songs it suggests regardless of the genre of the initial song or it is songs in languages I don't understand, where the music doesn't resonate with me.",0,2,spotify
129,Goatwasp666,"February 10, 2023",Love. This. App. I'm a huge metal head and there Is no shortage of good albums/bands. There are some more rare things that aren't found but overall I am not disappointed in the least. Been a premium member since about 2016 and I don't regret a single penny of my sub. The only thing I would change is the shuffle. It seems somewhat limited to more recently played items rather than the whole list. I've got over 3k songs in my liked and only a handful will play in shuffle mode.,8 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
130,hee hoo,"February 14, 2023","Spotify used to be so much better there's so many ads and there's no more ""click here for 30 mins uninterrupted listening"" it's really disappointing Spotify WAS better than this before. another thing is you used to be able to click on whatever song you wanted to listen to you no longer have that option only a short 10 sec preview of the song when you press on one you want. And when I play a playlist the songs play in the same order theres no shuffle option. I MISS THE OLD SPOTIFY BRING IT BACK!!",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
131,Scott Lee,"February 17, 2023","What's wrong with you people? I don't like apps running in the background if I'm not using them. With this latest update, on all my devices, Spotify cannot be forced closed. It instantly restarts and runs in the background like a system app. Fix this or I'm deleting it off all my devices forever. Seriously who thought this would be a good idea?",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
132,Chrissy The Weeb,"February 12, 2023","I love the app. But everytime I restart/turn my phone on and off, the sd card where I downloaded everything to has nothing on it and all of a sudden Spotify tries to use my internal storage. But I set it as external storage on the app. Please fix this, because everytime i have to uninstall and reinstall it just to get it to do what i want. Untill this issue is fixed I will be giving 2 stars.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
133,Santiago Yepes,"February 5, 2023","Spotify is a pretty good app, and it has no glitches or anything, but I have one MAJOR complaint that lowers it from 5 to 3 stars. Lock Screen Art. whenever I play music, it changes my lock screen to the album cover, something I HATE. I love my wallpaper, and it's something I want to see, but Spotify always changes it and it is VERY annoying. There is no way to turn this off and I dislike it very much. Spotify PLEASE fix this.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
134,Brian,"February 12, 2023","Overall, this app is great; I can easily find what I want to listen to, all audio content is one place, and the recommendations for new artists, podcasts, or audio books are awesome. My biggest gripe is the Queue controls. Messy, confusing, and unintuitive.",9 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
135,Ceri Gildersleeve,"February 14, 2023","Mixed bag. I'm a premium user and mostly use I the car. What is really frustrating me at the moment is that Spotify is ""forgetting"" that I've downloaded songs/episodes to save data when listening in the car. I have to essentially re-download them in the fly. Spotify is killing my data irrespective of efforts to try and stop it! Please sort out this glitch, then also sort out the library not remembering what episodes of podcast that you are on.",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
136,Joshua Miller,"February 4, 2023","It's getting better but there's still a lack of features that would be great. Like smart Playlists(let me make a Playlist of all my podcasts and catch up on them and remove episodes as I listen or make a custom list such as the daily drive style with the same idea) , ability to make and rearrange folders especially as it pertains to the Playlists, and heck can't play from the folder like on desktop to mix all the music together in those folders...",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
137,Chi Man L Tam,"February 14, 2023","Good for finding songs but adverts make this no longer usable unless you subscribe. This app (can't even use its name anymore) used to be great for finding tracks & even its recos were decent. Issues: When you find a track you want to listen to, it directs you to all other songs & you can't even listen to it. Tried adding it to faves & it scrambles the track so, again, it forces you to listen to all other tracks. Adverts now consists of at least 3 x 30 seconds which means more delays. Terrible.",18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
138,K B,"February 9, 2023","Music keeps randomly stopping Edit: editing 9 months later, this is still an issue. Music just randomly stops? I have to shut down spotify and re open it and the song freezes and then plays from the start, I skip the song and it freezes again. It's a constant thing I can't even get through one song without having to restart spotify. Can you fix this please.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
139,Pam Bos-Hackler,"February 8, 2023","The January 31, 2023 update has restricted access to Bluetooth somehow. Now when I connect to devices such as my car and earbuds, I am now required to open the app on my phone for play to start. Historically I have been able to use my car screen without any sort of interaction on my phone. If this is a new setting I'd love to know which one it is so I can change it to allow my earbuds or my car to automatically play the music from my phone. :)",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
140,Madoka Mag¡ca,"February 20, 2023","When I first got the app, it acted like any other music app, but now it's EXTREMELY repetitive. Firstly, the song skipping thing is stupid, and I would call it retarded, but I shouldn't and won't. Secondly, the loop button is completely gone. Thirdly, when I tap a song to Play it, it just plays a snippet of it. overall, I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone, at all. Its bad, money hungry, and just a terrible excuse of an app almost ever. Just get the YouTube music premium at this point.",19 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
141,Clarence Flemming,"February 4, 2023","Great app of course. My only issue is how is the autoplay function whenever it's connected to Bluetooth, especially in car. Have tried every app, car and phone setting and seems to not work. No other audio app (audicy, YT, SM, etc) does this. Very bizarre. All other functions are straight forward and useful.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
142,Luna,"February 4, 2023","It stops my music randomly at times and plays it over again, even when I change Playlists, it goes back to my other music and stops it immediately.. I really do like Spotify, even when I was at school. I'd use it as a distraction or a stress free world in my head but these constant music stopping and app not working made me kinda sad but hope they fix it",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
143,A,"February 16, 2023","Most frustrating thing in this app is lack of new songs discovery mechanisms. Daily mixes and favorite mixes are playing mainly the songs I already have in ""liked"" list. I just want the songs similar to what I like, but new ones, please. There is an ""enhanced"" button, but it actually plays only songs I heard but didn't like them that much. Please create a radio based on my liked songs with endless streaming of random yet similar songs or something like that.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
144,ariana guajardo,"February 15, 2023","i like to use spotify on tablet/pc because its better than using it on a phone. i honestly hate the new phone update, i prefer picking the songs i wanna listen to right then and there instead of using all of my skips in a few seconds to try and get to the song i want and waiting every hour just to get a small amount of skips. i would love it if they would get rid of this update",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
145,Shayan Shaikh,"February 19, 2023","Song recommendation is not good. App doesn't seem to play songs of the same/similar mood after the song you searched for has completed. Like after a soft melody, there appears a party song that you're not at all in the mood of playing. In fact, it ruins the mood that the song you chose had made. Also, search results didn't return one of the songs I searched for, Piya Re/Jiya Re/Piya Piya by Zabeen, the Indian singer. Searched with all possible titles. I wonder it has all music. I'm new though.",33 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
146,Phone the Phone,"February 7, 2023","I understand the part where there's ads and all, but seriously, the not being able to re-listen to a song or picking a song I actually want to listen to but I can't is so annoying! And it randomly goes to random playlists and random songs without me even pressing anything! PLEASE, YOUR APP HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL, IT'D GET SO MUCH BETTER RATINGS TOO IF YOU MADE THESE SMALL CHANGES FOR US!",23 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
147,Emily Hoeppner,"February 15, 2023","Disappointed Iv'e used this app since 2017. The updates that don't do anything are pointless. Recently (02/13/2023) the music/ podcasts will only play for a couple of minutes then stop. The FRUSTRATION of having to reopen the app to press play, when it should continuously play in the background with no issue. Fix this problem! I am one glitch away from deleting in app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
148,Eric,"February 8, 2023","This would be a great service except for that premium does NOT provide an ad-free listening experience for podcasts. Nearly every episode I listen to has ads at the beginning and end, and many also have ads in the middle. Not acceptable for a paid service, so Spotify gets one star. If you want to listen to podcasts, take your business elsewhere.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
149,Will Bevins,"February 16, 2023",I am paying for this app. I work in remote areas with no cell service and it simply refuses to work. Downloaded playlists are still on the phone but it seems to still need an internet connection to load playlists. It randomly closes/crashes several times a day. Podcast interface is just counter intuitive. Sound quality is decent though and the selection of music is good. It's chugging battery lately and that's very concerning.,31 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
150,Moath Melhem,"February 12, 2023","I like the app overall but it's missing an extremely important feature, the ability to transfer your songs from another music app to Spotify such as Anghami, Deezer, etc. If you're not going to be providing this feature then people won't switch to Spotify, if I'm not able to transfer years worth of music to Spotify because it lacks this feature then I won't even bother switching to Spotify in the first place.",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
151,Rebel Punk Fitness,"February 12, 2023",Totally useless now. On the free plan it say you can have 6 skips but doesn't let you skip only one per month. On playlist it only play the music you hidden not letting you list to anything else not even the music you like. You can't even listen to the artist you like when searching from them. Basically it total rubbish unless you pay for a subscription.,15 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
152,Diana Suan,"February 9, 2023","ya'll guys don't know how much I love this app, but now it's not just the same. See, this app is my fav out of all apps that you can listen to music, everytime I want to listen to music, spotify's with me. And if I feel stressed or lonely, I go to Spotify to listen to music. In other words I'm an addict to music and thanks for Spotify with that. But why do u guys need to convince me to buy premium everytime? This wasn't like this before, I haven't experienced any issues to you Spotify. Until now",193 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
153,La Ro,"February 8, 2023","Have been a Spotify listener for years and I'm usually very satisfied but there must have been an update recently, the app will crash multiple times in the middle of a song ,then I have to go back into the app press play and then the song starts over from the beginning. Very annoying if you are exercising, driving or whatever.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
154,I Q,"February 18, 2023","I'm living in 3 countries and frequently traveling to one on them, but Spotify, as I see, doesn't like it I can't even open the site from the browser Furthermore, when I was searching for the music I wanted to listen to, it was, but it opened the other one with another name and picture, even when I typed exactly that one I wanted And there're too many ads about buying premium. I dont want premium account. I just want to listen music! Stop interrupting users from why they are installing this app",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
155,Stephanie Couture,"February 11, 2023","Keeps stopping for no reason. Used to be nice and smooth. I always listen to downloaded tracks in offline mode and for the last 2 months it keeps stopping randomly, and then I have to start the song over. Also, when I open the app, it keeps asking me to allow background use, but it's already allowed. I started using Spotify after they shut down Google Music and now I'm sincerely regretting my good old app",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
156,Zoey Schlemper,"January 28, 2023","There are obvious, easily reproducible bugs that make using the app impossible. I simply cannot listen to some very popular podcasts. I have perfect service and some podcasts don't work. The visuals of the timeline don't make sense, it will randomize if I click out and back in. It won't be able to download some of them. It will work sporadically. We have to keep clicking and clicking and restarting the app to get them to play. It's lunacy. Quit releasing broken software.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
157,Davran Niyazmetov,"January 30, 2023","Unreliable when I need it the most. I was preparing for a trip yesterday and downloaded lots of playlists to listen on the way. However, on the train Spotify logged me out. I had to reinstall the damned app and downloaded some few playlists again. It worked for a while but at the end of day again logged me out. I am talking about the last updated version. Short story long: unreliable and not worthy to extend my subscription.",25 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
158,Joseph Kemerly,"January 26, 2023","Spotify is a great app, however it has a few hiccups. 1, it's ads for the free version. The ads are a nightmare, instead of 1 or 2 every 30 minutes. It's 3 or 4 every 15 minutes. 2, No Dolby Atmos. With all of that, Spotify is a good app. Premium is almost required but it's only 9.99 a month. I love the podcast selection they have too. There's something for anyone!",32 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
159,bknee,"February 8, 2023","This app was great until the last update. Now all it does is buffer. I never see my playlists anymore, only what was previously played, so i can no longer choose what to listen too. I'm stuck with the previous playlists, which is fine unless i want more than 3 options. It's not the connection, because SoundCloud (where i go when i get sick of the buffer) works great. Please fix it, you were awesome.",5 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
160,Lisa Smith,"February 3, 2023","I absolutely love this app! All my favorite music just a tap away. I love that it creates mixes after choosing a couple of songs I like. Making a Playlist is simple enough with this app, but the mixes it creates makes it so I really don't have to. I've used YouTube and Sirius XM, and they just don't measure up so I always come right back to my Spotify!",8 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
161,Ron Mon,"January 26, 2023","This app is very restricting if you wanna go with a free account. The app gives you a certain amount of skips per hour. However, if you are using your own playlist, you can't choose your song, no order or choice, at all. In the PC version, you are able to change to the song you want, AND the order of them, the mobile app, has neither. I don't get the whole ads thing, but it's still a pretty bad app.",158 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
162,Xenia sledge,"January 30, 2023","I like this app overall. Sure there were some weird display changes or bugs I've had to deal with, but it didn't bother me, until this one. The new way my personal playlists are displayed on mobile when I click on them to see all my songs is just too much. I can't click on the songs to hear a preview of it anymore, and it just looks super weird. I personally feel that there was no absolute need to change the way it was displayed originally, so I'm very unhappy about this. Please change this.",186 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
163,Sydney,"January 29, 2023","As many others have stated when the app works it is great. However I can not get music to play for more than a handful of seconds before it cuts out, having to constantly go into the app or restart it. This just recently became an issue and makes it basically unusable and frustrating. Paying for premium so definitely not getting what it is I'm looking for.",113 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
164,Miguel Angel Cerna Garcia,"January 28, 2023","It's a good app with lots of music for different occasions. Music for all emotions. This app would be WAY better if I didn't have to sit through FOUR ADS just to listen to music. 4 consecutive ads about Spotify premium. Just because I don't have it doesn't mean I want 4 ads about it. Also, when I want to listen to one specific song I have to skip through 5 songs to get to it.",82 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
165,Ellee Skelton,"January 26, 2023","I love this app for the music. However, recently its been having a lot of issues. One of these is pausing every single song at about the 10 second mark. I uninstalled the app and installed it again thinking maybe that was the problem. However, after attempting to log back in, it says there's an error and it won't even let me log back in. This is quite frustrating, considering I listen to music 24/7. I'm hoping this is just a little issue that will be fixed soon.",244 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
166,Molly Weisenburger,"January 31, 2023","Absolutely atrocious recommendations for new playlists, songs, artists, podcasts, everything. Their algorithm is nearly non-existant. Multiple issues with being signed out while offline, even though you are supposed to have the ability to go offline for 30 days. I've had this app for about 6 years and I'm honestly just mad I got sucked into it; currently too lazy to transfer all of my preferences to another app. But I will.",58 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
167,Jasiah Ruby-Schultz (Phaton_Legend),"January 26, 2023","App is broken! The app used to be good. Now, it's unusable for any listening. Like many others, I only get 10 seconds of each song and it just stops. Same thing happens if you skip to the next song. I drive a lot and prefer to listen to Playlist or stations instead of FM radio. I've tried fresh installing the app and now I get an error logging in that something went wrong and to try again later.",526 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
168,Chris Ward,"January 27, 2023","Paid version is absolutely worth it. I've had several free versions for music apps and they just didn't cut it. I've also had Sirius XM for a long time but that just got canceled. You can't skip songs on Sirius if you don't like it but you can Spotify. I get in my vehicle, the phone connects, and it starts playing automatically but doesn't intrude on my phone screen. So I can use my phone as a phone while it plays in the background like it isn't even there. The personalization is amaze",972 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
169,Luke Bell,"January 26, 2023","It's a good app but the amount of ads there is, is crazy I stopped using this for a few months and now there is a lot more adds. Also it got so much slower and sometimes would not work at all. This is only a problem on mobile on PC this app is almost perfect. I love the fact that the playlist maker has all the perfect songs on it all the time and its easy to find new but similar stuff. And the radio playlists made by spotify are always amazing.",498 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
170,sebastian,"January 26, 2023","I love Spotify! Just a few things that bug me, it puts songs on your playlist even though you didn't put it there. When you find a song and press on it, it makes you play a playlist like ""today's top hits"" even though you don't want too. The last thing is that when one of those ""press here to get 30 minutes of no ad music"" it's just 2 or 3 songs, not actual 30 minutes. There's still other things that bug me but it wouldn't fit. Other than this I love Spotify.",162 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
171,HisMonkeyBusiness,"January 31, 2023","Everything works really well. Most bug issues have been fixed. One suggestion would be creating a way for users to make custom 'collections'. Like playlists, but for entire albums to choose from. So if I wanted my own 'Rock Collection', I can have my favorite rock albums stored in the one page, which I can select individually. That way, if I just want one or two specific albums in that collection, I don't have to try and find the beginning of the individual song in a playlist.",76 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
172,Avery Dzuris,"January 27, 2023","I have been a spotify premium user for over 6 years, and have watched the quality and functionality deteriate exponentially over the last 3 years. ""If it aint broke dont fix it"". Now it almost always takes 3 or more minutes to open and is constantly glitching, it is almost unusable. I have tried clearing cache and reinstalling, but even that doesn't help. I am ready to cancel premium and try another service, which is a shame because i love the library and interface. The issues are infuriating.",345 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
173,Kayla,"February 1, 2023","What happened? App worked completely fine a few weeks ago, and since the last update the app is broken. It takes about 10 seconds to even load in when you first open it, and it will cut off whatever song you choose first after about 10 seconds and then play a random song. It's incredibly annoying, and I'm surprised it hasn't been fixed yet. I am a premium user, but if the app isn't fixed soon I will cancel my subscription and use a different music streaming app.",99 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
174,catldy09,"February 16, 2023","I listen to podcasts. And I start and stop a lot. Instead of starting where I left off, this app starts a random podcast that I wasn't listening to. Repeatedly. I can't find a setting that is causing this. In addition, if I finish one podcast, instead of continuing on to the next UNREAD one, it starts with a podcast I've already listed to. Every. Single. Time.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
175,Jeff Rockett,"February 1, 2023","If I can get music to play or my playlists/literally anything to load, it's great. But for the most part, the app crashes, doesn't load, is generally unusable. I feel like all of their support goes to Apple because no one with iPhone seem to have any of my issues that I've had for about a year or two. Would love to be able to give a genuine review as it's the only music app I use. But until anything gets fixed or improved... it'll stay at 1 star.",92 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
176,summer internship,"January 27, 2023","It's a wonderful app for listening to music on any occasion, and any place! I just have one annoying problem with the app recently. I cant view any of my created albums in Library, this might be the fact that they're in a folder but that shouldn't restrict me from accessing or seeing them completely, same goes for liked songs, I cant open it whatsoever without it displaying an error, hopefully this will get fixed eventually, but until then, I have to resort to using the most recently played.",15 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
177,Alex Costa,"January 25, 2023","Spotify, you used to be the best! Now you're the literal worst!!!!!!!!!! Can barely listen to a song without the app crashing and starting the whole thing over or having to replay it. This is not how you're supposed to listen to music - if you're reading this and debating which music platform to use, do yourself a favor and keep it moving.",49 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
178,Nicole (Tha Muse),"February 1, 2023","Does Not Play In Background. I would love to use this app a lot more than I do, which is not at all.. I have the setting for it to play in the background, but it never does. After 3-5 minutes of whatever I'm listening to, it cuts itself off, and pauses. I've tried multiple times uninstalling/reinstalling, I've been connected to my wifi. Nothing works. I use YouTube and SoundCloud in place of this app instead. Granted I will get on Spotify, to follow artists, or like songs. But never to listen.",49 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
179,Sedative Beauty,"February 2, 2023","In terms of streaming the app is really good and I don't have many issues with it at all. The main reason I'm not rating it 5 stars is the local files system. I have lots of music files on my phone and just want to be able to put those songs into my Spotify playlists without issue, but so many of the local files constantly get greyed out in Spotify and become unplayable. I know it isn't an issue with the files cause the files open just fine in other apps. This also happens on the desktop app.",73 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
180,TX DH,"January 27, 2023","I like the app for the most part, but there are a couple issues that need to be corrected. The most annoying is... Every time I reboot my phone, the app wants to move the downloads from SD card to phone storage. To resolve this I must uninstall Spotify from my phone, and start over from scratch. This has been happening for years. Please address this issue. Thanks.",30 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
181,Brandon Chow,"January 29, 2023","Started using spotify since 2019. Since two months ago, the app has been constantly glitching. It will stop at 0:00 and wont even start playing, even when I tried to skip to the next song. Whats more frustrating is that I had this issue on the plane and I was stuck with no music as this is my only music app. Have been giving the developer two months to make a change but theres none!!! Will cancel my premium if the problem is not fixed within a month's time as three month is more than enough",43 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
182,Noe Cortes,"February 9, 2023","I used to be a premium subscriber. Reason why I discontinued premium is because. One, when I played my liked songs, unshuffled, I start at the beginning of the list. It would be fine for awhile, then all of the sudden, it would skip to a different part or the list. Second, I noticed it would keep playing the same songs. Third, I have all my downloads saved on my sd card. For some unknown reason, it would move all my saved songs to my phone's internal memory. This was the last straw.",9 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
183,Haley Fossum,"January 26, 2023","Satisfactory. The app itself is great, and even though I'm not premium, I haven't listened to any ads, but the recent update turned me off. Now, the app adds some music that I didn't specifically choose, and I don't get to pick what I'm listening to in my Playlist. Before, I used to see all my songs individually, lined up vertically, but now they are all compiled together. The update is not good at all. It would be great if you changed it back. Then it would be 5 stars.",15 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
184,Nicholas Glyshaw,"January 26, 2023","Like many have said, the service itself is great but the app is all but garbage. It has to be restarted all the time because it randomly pauses or just won't respond. The integration with Google assistant is hit or miss. The overall UI is a hot mess. Getting what you want done is not at all intuitive or user friendly. Dropping a star because now it won't open at all.",74 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
185,Sir Kris,"January 27, 2023","I've been searching around for hours to try fixing a problem I had with the app. The playlists I have don't show the little snippets of music anymore, nor the pictures for those songs. Yet, for other playlists that are not mine, I see the pictures of the songs??? That makes no sense, this needs to get fixed or at the very least change back. I hate that you update something that no one asks for, you are bound to get people getting upset with the app.",54 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
186,burt bloom,"January 28, 2023","The free version has become virtually useless. It is impossible, now, to simply play a specific track or a specific album without entering into the world of Spotify's audio mixology; users cannot even view the track listing of albums. This app was, formerly an excellent source of information, but, sadly for us, has degenerated into nothing but babble.",59 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
187,Nashoba Myrick,"January 27, 2023","Sometimes my genre slider doesn't work on mobile for my liked songs, but to be fair that's probably cause I have over 3000 liked songs and it probably can't keep up, otherwise I don't have any problems with the app. The premium is more than affordable and even the free version isn't as bad as many people say it is. Free version has ads sure, and you can't choose which songs you want to listen to, but other apps like Pandora and YouTube Music are worse about it",88 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
188,Hannah Jackson,"February 8, 2023","I really enjoy Spotify. However I've been noticing there have been alot of glitches with the app this past year. I'll be listening to music and it just stops playing or closes the app out entirely. Sometimes I'll try to listen to my downloaded music offline and it doesn't let me. I also miss the way you could shuffle your Playlist when you wanted. Now I can't shuffle my Playlist without having to add ""suggested"" songs",9 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
189,William D. Müller,"February 1, 2023","The app doesn't work properly most of the times I try to use it. Usually when I first open it, it bugs and I have to wait several minutes to start it. Instead, if I have a link of a song or podcast, I click it and it plays just fine, but the app doesn't seem to load anything else for some time. It looks offline most of the time. It's so really hard to search for individual songs it looks like it's deliberated.",35 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
190,Michael Vujanovic,"January 26, 2023","I used to love using Spotify to listen to music and podcasts and have used it for years, but out of nowhere not long before writing this the app decided to not play certain songs or only play the first 10 seconds. I saw an update and did it, but it didn't fix the issue so I decided to uninstall and reinstall the app. After the reinstall it decided to no longer allow me to log in even though my email and password are correct. As of right now the app is unusable and can only have a 1 star.",37 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
191,Andrew Corriveau,"January 31, 2023","Good selection of music but UI is beyond frustrating. I have limited bandwidth at work and must download albums. No way to organize them however after downloading. Worst part is that even when trying to play a previously downloaded album, it attempts to connect for some reason. It will often chug for a solid minute on something stored locally, and stop when airplane mode is activated. Doesn't look good when standing around staring at phone at work just trying to play the next album.",11 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
192,Kymberlyn Reed,"January 27, 2023","Update: all the cool podcasts I love are right here, but it's super annoying how the app freezes right in the middle of an episode or when I'm doing other things. I still like the ability to personalize my profile rather than just be a boring series of numbers (I am not a number, lol). I've found great new music from bands and artists I've discovered, especially Japanese metal.",145 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
193,Kodi Balogh,"January 26, 2023","Won't play past 10 seconds of any song anymore. It was fine yesterday, and now it either won't play any song at all, or it won't play past 10 seconds of the song that comes on. If it starts ""playing"" again after that, it isn't actually playing, the timer is just moving but no music is actually playing. This is the same after updating software and rebooting the device, clearing cache, etc Fix it or we're canceling our family plan.",34 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
194,tusiime micheal,"February 2, 2023","This app was pretty good at the beginning, and easy to navigate... And I even applied for a premium when I could afford it... But when I could no longer afford the premium and went back for the free version, they made it so trusty that you can even listen to a song of your choice... When I search for a song they bring up a series of songs not even from the same artist and I can't even skip songs 😔... This is pretty annoying",29 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
195,James Horan,"January 26, 2023","Slow, unreliable, buggy. I've been using this app on and off over about 5 years, because it's free with my phone plan. But it's lack of reliability and often unresponsive UI are very annoying. I wouldn't pay for it. Tidal has superior sound quality and seems a little more reliable. You have to manually switch it to offline mode otherwise it can't play songs you have already downloaded.",272 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
196,GlitchedSpace,"January 26, 2023","So I'm not sure on whose end it is, but when I start playing music on Spotify and then go into Discord, it stops the music entirely. I pause, skip the song, go back to the previous one, move ahead in the song, silence. The play bar doesn't even move at all. I even tried a different playlist, still the same. And both apps are fully updated.",107 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
197,Jason Frazier,"February 5, 2023","Stop the ads. I already pay for service. Right now my only hang up is being able to ad one song to multiple playlists at once, another addition I'd like to see is when enhanced, being able to delete song from playlist or add it easier. Otherwise, I love it. Another suggestion would be a simple way to tell if a song has already been added to a playlist and what playlist.",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
198,La Al.,"January 31, 2023","The app is good, has a lot of music I like, easy to use however, free Spotify is sad. I get that the company needs money for copyright reasons and to pay artists but free Spotify lacks features, like being able to use as many skips as you want and choosing your favorite songs to listen to instead of shuffling. Another reason why I don't like this is because some random songs are added to your playlist that you don't want to listen to. These features will at least be appreciated if they're added.",21 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
199,Zilungile Khumalo,"February 13, 2023","Great app. Hate that I can't play songs I want on my cellphone. App is buggy on the pc. Updated and everything, but still. At least I can play specific songs I want to listen to on the pc. Update: Changed to 4 stars because now I can at least select whatever song I want, however, shuffle button is a default on mobile and can't be changed. Still better than the previous mobile version though",75 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
200,kiara chandler,"January 29, 2023","Love this app, I don't use the premium version but it's still great, I can make playlists and choose what song I want to listen to without it playing randomly, I get an ad every hour or so which is better than after every song. If you want to listen to music on the go then I recommend getting the premium version cause the free version need wifi to play, but over all love the app and all the music.",27 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
201,Mitchell B,"February 4, 2023","It starts playing automatically when I connect a Bluetooth speaker. I have autoplay off in Android Auto and Spotify. Additionally, it would seem as though Bruno Mars is the only artist in existence since he's every other song. I've unfollowed the artist with no improvement. Oh, also... the app keeps stopping audio randomly. I click on the app to resume and it, for half a second, tells me to enable background playing, which is enabled. Then, the song I was listening to starts over. Annoying.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
202,Sir Spam alot,"February 1, 2023","app crashes often, stops playing music randomly in the middle of songs, won't buffer, tells me it's not connected to the internet when it is, plays the same song anywhere from 2-4 times in a row on shuffle, adds the same songs to a playlist multiple times, fails to play more than the same 100 songs in a 1000+ playlist. All the articles on the forum say the same thing, none have actually been resolved while being marked resolved by the Spotify team. Good selction of music, needs a better app.",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
203,Vanessa Lopez,"January 31, 2023","I've had Spotify for 11 years already, and just last month, it started to give me problems. The music can be playing, and all of a sudden, it will pause, It will continue doing that for a while. I dnt want to cancel my service with Spotify, but I can't even listen to 1 darn song without it pausing more than 3 times. It's so annoying. Now, as of today, it dont work completely. It's been all day like this. I've deleted the app 2s and installed it again and nothing.",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
204,Krisha Kumar,"February 15, 2023","Most worst streaming app I have ever utilised. I dont want other people or spotify to add any other music to MY playlist. Whats the point of having a ""Skip this ad"" button when two other adds are going to pop up right after that? I spend all my skips just to get rid of the music that I didnt even place into my liked songs just to get a decent song.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
205,B W,"January 31, 2023","At first this app was fine for a couple days then when I get on it today suddenly it plays random songs when I'm trying to listen to my Playlist, it plays ads now for some reason, and I can't even play songs when I select them and it just ends up playing a 5 second clip. Keep in mind I never signed up for premium and I just started using the app a couple of days ago. If this is part of some trial I suggest you tell your users instead of randomly implementing these changes.",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
206,Aaron Schlumbohm,"January 31, 2023","Mostly use Spotify on desktop/TV, but pulled up on my phone today to listen to Linda Ronstadt's ""Long, Long Time"" from this week's episode of THE LAST OF US. I found it immediately but couldn't play it directly, it would not go to the song and I ran out of ""skips per hour"" to try to get to it on a playlist or album. It's either very poorly designed or purposely inaccessible for free users, but I don't see myself subscribing anytime to an app that's going to behave so obnoxiously.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
207,Mochi,"February 14, 2023",Spotify certainly sucks. It keeps adding random songs to the playlist and you gotta keep skipping songs to get to the songs you wanna listen and in order to do that you have to buy premium cuz you only get 6 skips in an hour (you still have to keep skipping songs) .And it keeps suggesting songs that you have to bother turning it off in settings. Spotify rlly makes the whole app difficult and they only want money. I recommend anyone reading this better search songs on youtube.,116 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
208,Jeni McLeod,"February 7, 2023","3 issues:: I am *very* sad that the option to add an album to my home screen is gone. I *loved* that feature. Bring it back?!??! Please?! Also... when I make a playlist... it is *so* hard to find the current song, if the playlist is long. Additionally... if I click into the song... there is no button to remove the song from the playlist. My kids have iPhones and they have it... it only makes sense.",20 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
209,János Pintér,"February 11, 2023","I like Spotify overall, BUT: I don't know whose bright idea it was to replace the ""enhance"" button with this ""smart shuffle"", but please consider reverting it. This smart shuffle takes away the option to browse what was added and later put them onto the list permanently. If I like the added song while driving, I may not want to start adding it the list at that point but at the end of the drive. I takes away functionality and can't see the merit in it.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
210,Dante,"January 25, 2023","It was woking fine but now it is getting bugs. Before it used to play a music when I tapped on a song but now, when I try to play a song, It just gives me the demo song for 5 seconds. I can only play songs from the playlist play all button. I say this with absolute sincerity. **Who ever came up with 6 skips per hour method. You are a complete moron. Die in hell**",147 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
211,Brian Clayden,"January 28, 2023","There are a ton of bugs when integrating Spotify with Google Home. One issue is it has trouble connecting to speaker groups when operating manually through the Spotify app. It was successful the first time, but now it just says ""connecting..."" forever so I give up. The voice command with play it on the right speaker group no problem. It's just the manual connecting through the Spotify app that is a problem.",18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
212,Ingrid W,"February 15, 2023","App keps turning itself on and playing random episodes not on playlists ir queued & can't turn off the app. even when internet turned off to phone. Have no autoplay selected & removed notifications settings but has started playing 8 times while writing this. Changes episodes while listening to others. Horrible update, wish I hadn't updated. will have to remove as phone unusable as a result. Use for podcasts only now as can't chose which song to play as it just won't play what I want or like.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
213,Miranda,"January 29, 2023","The section for adding recommended songs under a playlist always says ""an error occurred"" when trying to load more. After a few song skips the tracks get either stuck or randomly change. Been an issue for a while. I've reinstalled, cleared cache, don't have an outdated phone, etc. Just buggy in Android it seems. App could have a more pleasant and tidy layout as well. Pretty much use YT music more now anyways as it's recommendation algorithm seems better than Spotify's.",13 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
214,Nikiforos Papanagis,"January 29, 2023","Music is good. But trying to watch video podcasts gets in the way of music streaming. There should be a way to jump back in to the music I was listening before. A history log or 2 separate tabs for podcasts and music would be good. Video playback is bad, very laggy on Android tv, draws 4times the battery YouTube does. Video doesn't play when certain""car"" Bluetooth devices are connected. Some of them aren't even in a car, they just have the potential to be used in a car but Spotify cuts the video",40 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
215,SectorStar,"February 7, 2023",Last couple months now when I try to play music from my Playlist it plays everything but music from my Playlist. I've exhausted all solutions you can do to fix the problem with changing settings and uninstalling the app. I've seen several other people mention the same thing in over reviews as of late. I'm sure if I paid premium it'd miraculously work right again. Think I'll switch to a different music app such as pandora.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
216,Caleb Stempel,"January 25, 2023","Your AI on Spotify is absolutely terrible. I'm so tired of them trying to curate a playlist based off of the song I've chosen that are all the same songs I've already listened to and selected myself. I cannot tell you how many times I've listened to one song and then had the exact same matchbox 20 song come on or the exact same song by the same artist. Every time. There's nothing revolutionary about this. In fact, it's led me to hate certain songs because it just keeps getting replayed so much",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
217,Emilio Amaldi,"February 14, 2023","The app is inexcusably buggy and awkward in use for how widely-used and influential it is. Spotify is worth billions but I still regularly have to restart the app to get my queue unstuck or to stop songs from duplicating and playing twice. Many new issues like these keep appearing. It seems like the UX/UI team has never learned to do their best, as if they don't believe they should live up to any kind of standard. It is however fully possible to make good, stable software. They're just lazy.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
218,Tirra T,"February 8, 2023","2/8/23 The app still repeats song frequently, you still can't really shuffle like before and it still plays the same randomize songs. 12/17/23 Latest update, the app is constantly repeating songs, slow to open and respond and the shuffle options that use to be there no longer works. Still a good app, but the recent updates are an irritants that needs to be fixed. I wish it would randomize songs more. Keeps playing frequent songs on my playlist and I have over 1,100 songs.",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
219,Zachary Bryant,"February 2, 2023","In decline. I've used the app for years and I love it. Lately, it will remove songs randomly from my downloads. This can be very frustrating when I download podcasts to listen to at work, and they are randomly removed before I can listen to them. This is my main problem, but as the app updates I have more and more problems.",15 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
220,Aperture Science,"January 28, 2023","Great app overall but the ads, Agh. The best I could find to deal with them is an ad muter. Better than nothing. This is edit 1 and turns out I did accidentally click the free trial. We all know that Spotify isn't going to make changes to the ads so it's really up to the users how to deal with it. Either way the silence between songs is nice.. can't wait for Spotify's reply to this. I'm sure it will be SO original. TBH I'm tired of dealing with this from companys. Would recommend though.",11 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
221,Michael Gillespie,"February 14, 2023","Sometimes this is a complete pain in the butt. It adds irrelevant and disruptive songs to a Playlist you are trying to learn and there is no way to remove the dumb automated additions. Well, I guess Pandora or Apple will be the preferred app for the band. Also, there are some really disturbing talk radio promos that are being inserted as ads.",0,1,spotify
222,Darien Grainger,"January 27, 2023","HATE the new layout. It used to be one of favorite apps. The new layout with song title and artist above the artwork and navigation both looks terrible and odd, but greatly increases the difficulty of using the app. Especially with one hand. Phones have such 21:9 aspect ratios, why would you move stuff away from the hands?? And why move important info so far away from where your eyes naturally look? Please change back! Would gladly give 5 stars.",13 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
223,Conor S,"February 10, 2023","Just another update to let you know that my review still stands. Spotify's ratio of profits to software quality is absurd. Latest example: I haven't opened the app in a week. My podcast app was just interrupted by spotify because another member of my family started playing a song on their phone. This is a regular occurance. That's just one of the many issues I've complained about for 4 or 5 YEARS. In that time, only one of my issues was ever resolved and it took like 2 years to fix.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
224,Don T Kare (FJB46),"January 26, 2023",I've used this app since 2019. It seems like the quality keeps getting worse and it has more and more problems. Playlists: don't always go through the whole list. Start repeating songs when there's like 3hrs of songs and should not repeat. I drive a lot. Everytime I get back into my vehicle it either starts the Playlist over or kicks it out and plays stuff I didn't setup in the Playlist. Just recently the just stopped working altogether. I updated and now just says something went wrong. 🤬🤬🤬🤬,39 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
225,Juno,"February 9, 2023",Spotify has been really weird lately. It's either glitching through the songs until it kicks me off the app and stops playing. Or Ill put on music and only a few seconds of any song will play before it's stops. This doesn't happen all the time but it's still pretty frequent. It's almost all the time.,111 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
226,Mitch,"January 26, 2023","Usually great! lately app has been acting up, multiple songs only playing the first 10ish seconds of a song then won't play the rest. It's no longer letting me search for songs and when I try to contact support but the support site takes me to a blank page. App is up to date. Idk if everyone is having these issues but it's caused me to Wright a bad review.",15 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
227,Renée Lawler,"February 4, 2023","Absolutely cannot stand this new update! Can't stand how the current playing play list has moved from the very top to tiny text in bottom right, also the current playing song then disappears from the list and is at top rather than the old functional way it was where it stayed put and glowed green. As another also said, I use it to ADD SONGS TO PLAYLISTS and the ease and functionality before of adding songs to play lists FROM a playing play list is now gone and is in permanent edit mode! NO!",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
228,Lorenzo Barletta,"February 13, 2023","The app has become almost unusable, it crashes frequently and it's costantly downloading songs even though there are no more songs to be downloaded. It also stops playing randomly and I have to force stop the app in order to get it working again. My phone is still on Oreo so I don't know if that's what's causing all of this problems",6 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
229,Carlos Cruz,"February 1, 2023","The app just doesn't stay up. It keeps just stopping. You'll be listening to a podcast and suddenly it just cuts out and you have to reopen the app again. It keeps doing this over and over again so much, that if I'm going to pay for premium, I may as well just hop on over to YouTube premium. Only until this problem started did I ever even consider paying for YouTube premium which I mention to clarify just how bad this problem is.",11 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
230,Gwendolyn,"January 31, 2023","Recently switched from Amazon Music to Spotify, and the difference in quality and interface was astounding. Amazon Music would regularly crash and glitch. I used it for about three years before finally deciding that the glitches were getting too bad to handle, and the most recent update had made the paying plan virtually the same as Spotify's anyhow. Switching to Spotify was like discovering a superior way of life, no joke. I was shocked at how easy and comparatively sleek the interface was.",106 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
231,David Ridings,"January 18, 2023",I've been using this app for years. This review only relates for people who only listen to music. I have car thing in my car and it works fantastic. The reason for four stars is because I realized that when I like songs and I play songs similar to my liked songs it always goes back and plays my liked songs over and over. I found it better to not like any songs and just play one song and let Spotify continue a playlist based off of one song. Not sure of a better solution. Keep up the good work!,84 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
232,Chris D,"February 17, 2023",It's a shame that I would give a free music app such a low rating. However the inability to shut it off warrants a low rating. I cannot start my car without Spotify taking over. This has been an ongoing issue with Spotify and they will do nothing about it. No other music app I have does this.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
233,Juan Torres,"February 9, 2023","The new update made this app kinda unbearable to use. my liked songs need to be shuffled and I have a limited amount of skips, I made a playlist that I can listen to while I sleep and it added random songs that I didn't add so I tried getting rid of them but more songs were just added to it and it's very annoying. Spotify used to be something I used 24/7 but I've been using YouTube due to these issues but overall it's not that bad I'm just giving my opinion on the update",0,2,spotify
234,Jake9000 Mashup,"January 26, 2023","I would give this app zero stars if I could. Not sure how much longer I will pay for our family plan when the app stops after a few hours of music. Doesn't matter what device I'm using, it's the same story. If the app played music as intended, it would be awesome. But multiple times a day I have to restart the app to get it to play music again. Terrible design. Doesn't do the very basic thing it should do.",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
235,brandy h,"January 28, 2023",ALWAYS stops playing music. I used it for a long time when it was free then it started shutting down songs . I'm dumb I thought it was their way of pushing me to sign up for the monthly services so I did eventually. did it work after that....no. I very much enjoy listening to my music loudly while getting ready for my day. it bums me out to have my whole app stop mid song. I will be looking for something new to use,11 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
236,blueaquajet3,"January 18, 2023","I have been using this app and subscribed to it for several years. At some point on my old phone the app would randomly stop playing my song in the middle of it and the problem transfered to the new phone, making this app borderline unusable as it crashes EVERY TIME. I can't even finish a song at this point. I will soon be unsubscribing until you guys fix this absolutely unacceptable problem.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
237,Andrij Locarno,"January 19, 2023","I've got the premium and it's almost perfect. The thing that I don't like the most is that every song added to the queue disappears after being played once. It's frustrating, you can at least give the user a choice to keep or not to keep songs in queue. I personally (and I don't think I'm the only one) use the queue as a temporary playlist, when I don't need/want to create one new. This function prevents me to do so. Please change this, and I'll give you five stars.",19 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
238,Kenadie Thomas-Dillard,"February 9, 2023","I've had Spotify Premium which is fine, but currently, I'm on the free plan. The amount of ads is crazy. 3 ads per 2 songs make it take forever to get through a playlist. When they offer 30 minutes of uninterrupted music the ad just stops and I have to close the app which makes me lose the 30 minutes, then it plays one song and put 3 ads after it.",0,3,spotify
239,Andrej Zivkovic,"February 20, 2023","If there was a 0 option I would givile it a 0. At first I absolutely loved it, but when the latest update came this app became worse than a nokia's music player. I cant even play my own playlist, it just shows me a few of artists and lets me just play a few second long part of every song in playlist. TRASH TRASH TRASH. I'm switching to nokia's music player!",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
240,Jacob Erickson,"January 26, 2023",Very well made app!!! Keeps me informed with new music that I follow witch is something I really appreciate!!! I love all the extra features that it has from the enhanced quality audio to the built in equalizer... Something's I wish we're different.. I would like to have a easier way to get to my downloads quicker... But overall no bugs no crashing and just loud music!!!! Also big shout out to the Spotify team for music Duo... Awesome idea to listen to a song that you find with someone else 😜,31 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
241,Thomas M,"February 5, 2023","This app gets worse and worse every update. CI/CD is cool until you break the app. Please put more checks in place before deploying. Will revert this review when bugs are fixed. I wrote this review about a bug back in April and it's now December. I don't remember the original bug but there's still enough broken features now in December that the original review stands. Normally: Great data science, great music selection, great sound quality. Easily my number 1 music streaming service.",23 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
242,Joe Rivas,"January 28, 2023","I once gave spotify 5 stars as it was a great app for music. ""Was"" as in not anymore. It has turned to trash these past couple weeks. It crashes over and over. I have to open the app. Close it, then reopen it and restart whatever I was listening too. In that order. It's beyond frustrating. Think it's time to move on from spotify at this point ✌️",18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
243,Alexis Halladay,"January 26, 2023","I want to Cry! Was listening to Spotify on my way to the gym, everything worked fine, I was happy and pumped! Got to the gym on my 2nd exercise and the app just stopped playing music. My phone was on gym wifi, so thinking it was that I turned it off (currently showing 5g mobile connection). Wouldn't play the song I was in the middle of, so went to the next song to see if it would work, it did for 30 secs. as soon as I started my set it stopped. Restarted my phone, now it won't let me sign in! 🤬",34 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
244,Juan David,"February 3, 2023","I've discovered new music, I've listened to the one I liked, I've spent hours and hours using Spotify because it's great! The sound quality is very good, the user experience with the mobile application is great, the recommendations and the extra features take listening to music to another level, thank you very much Spotify team :)",38 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
245,Jason Eltabaa,"February 8, 2023","This app is honestly annoying all they care about is money, I mean the premium adds so many things that are supposed to be in free, I mean like why do you have to pay to listen to any song in a particular order, like what in the world, and don't get me started on the unlimited skips that it comes with, I used to love Spotify, but its honestly trash do not download if you want to listen to music for free, because I know hundreds of apps that let you do all the things that Spotify doesn't let😡😡",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
246,Jdhdhdhdusushsj Hdhdhhdudhd,"February 19, 2023","The app is fine if you have premium, but if you don't the ad amount fine but the app crashes often, it always adds extra songs before the selected one which I went to setting to fix it didn't work even if you have premium, and you're not able to play songs in order and it gets really annoying, especially if you have organised playlists.",0,1,spotify
247,Angus Lowry,"February 7, 2023","Premium free trial : When song in que, and or playing , there is no way to remove it ,in the multiple option select menu ...'mess around' to find list then scroll to find some way to remove or stop playing,any given song , also seems to shove songs it wants to , into music list, so lame, (uncouth) maybe need updates app., ? Good thing it's free....and it still will not change the defects . Not worth free? Otherwise",0,4,spotify
248,Leziga Grace,"February 14, 2023",Update: the app is so glitchy on Android The recent update ruined the playback function. The now playing bar has disappeared. It will finish playing one song and then cut out refusing to play out the rest of my queued up music. I pay for premium and had no issues with the app until the latest update. It's sp frustrating especially considering I use this app often. Please fix this.,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
249,Olamide,"February 8, 2023","This app is starting to become trash tbh. The limited skips, the random suggested songs playing over my playlist. Not being able to view songs on someone's profile. This sucks. Edit: there are wayyy to may ads on here. There are ads every 2-3 songs. It's annoying. Especially the orange m&m one. I hate it. For the love of God listen to people and fix your damn app",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
250,Ronnie Jones,"February 1, 2023","This is a great app that platforms a huge variety of content, including every genre imaginable, podcasts and even a few free audiobooks! Without Spotify premium, you can't pick out one specific song to listen to. You have to shuffle through a Playlist, but you can make your own Playlists. The adds can get irritating sometimes, but it's worth it, since the content is completely free. Spotify is also a great way to explore new music, recommending Playlists for you to try out.",49 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
251,Riley McDonald,"January 25, 2023","my spotify app currently isn't working and the "" no internet connection "" thing shows up despite the internet being perfectly fine for every other app, and despite the fact the app can identify that my email is already used for another account, apparently without internet. it happens repeatedly, it's ridiculous, and my review has been up for years now, and it hasn't been fixed, or even responded to. it's a good music app, but at this point, i might have to use a different platform instead.",24 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
252,Balend,"January 28, 2023","(Edit: The features in question have been restored) Latest update removed two very vital features for me. You can no longer preview playlists outside of your own, and you can no longer preview songs outside of your 'liked' playlist. This seems very unnecessary and killed the ability to find new songs easily. What is the point of recommending playlists if I can't view what songs they have included?",55 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
253,Kimberly Kanigel Winner,"January 3, 2023","I enjoy the ability to play unlimited amounts of music of my own choosing on my laptop, and sometimes on the phone. Not as happy when I can't go backwards in a playlist on my phone, or when Spotify adds suggested songs to the list. It seems to add songs when you request a single song (and then you can't play that song again for a while), or it adds extra songs to shorter lists. But, as a free service, and in terms of the range of music available, it is my favorite.",830 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
254,Margaret Armstrong,"December 10, 2022","The app was working really well. For the amount i use the app and service, paying for ad free is great. Ever since the new update, I can't play music without the app open, even with the app open, i have to press play to listen to music, which from there, it plays the song and then stops. I have to either select a song in the playlist to listen to music again, or select a new playlist. The music control bar has been disappearing too. It is making it not worth paying for the ad free version.","1,148 people found this review helpful",1,spotify
255,Arlo Bogart-Ortiz,"December 18, 2022","One of the many people who have primarily used spotify for everything and for several years. I use this at home, in the car, and at work. The bugs in this update are terrible. The forced shuffle where playlists won't continue past a number of songs before it kicks right back to the top of the playlist again; having to switch playlists back and forth in order to play the one I actually wanted; stopping for no reason. Pls fix this before we have to cancel",182 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
256,Nyxlplyx,"December 11, 2022","I love the app. Have used it for years and never looked back. However this last update has caused an issue where if Spotify goes to the background after pausing a playlist, when you go to pick it back up it has lost all the rest of the queued music and only shows the single song. So then you have to restart the playlist. Hope to see a fix soon as this is the second time an update has caused this problem.",345 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
257,Alex Toombs,"December 28, 2022","The vendor always chooses to add useless features rather than fix existing bugs. Spotify's music quality is high, and the selection is good. Unfortunately, that's the only thing they manage to get right. The useability of the service and apps is terrible. I've edited my review because no bugs have been fixed, and more have cropped up recently. The funny thing is that it's still the best streaming music service.",201 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
258,TL Lang,"December 14, 2022","This is my go-to app to listen to music. Sadly, the last update is very buggy. App crashes constantly. Play button on the playlist no longer works so I have to click on individual songs to restart the list. I used to be able to listen to my playlist while doing stuff on my phone, but since the update, this tends to result in Spotify crashing. Very aggravating. Please fix it.",161 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
259,Nyjia Bell,"December 27, 2022","I have been using this app since forever. I never had a problem with any ads. However, since the recent update my experience has been terrible. Ive made several playlista with my personal songs and when I press play it barely plays any of the songs that I put into the play list. It bothers me. Also,I really don't like how they add songs into the playlist I created. It seems like such an irrelevant feature. People can discover on their own.",114 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
260,Hollow,"December 14, 2022","This is an amazing app for music, and I pretty much used it everyday. However, since the new update I constantly have to switch which playlist I'm playing. It pauses after a song or two, and then just won't play anymore. I can't skip, pause, play, nothing. I have to switch from the playlist I'm currently listening to and then back to the other one. It's not very substantial, but it's definitely a nuisance. Even if I closed or restarted the app it won't change anything, I even uninstalled, nope.",777 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
261,Vi Is Cursed,"December 13, 2022","This app is GREAT! It has all the songs you could search for and it's quite easy and self explanatory to use. However, I have to remove stars for the amount of lag throughout the years. When I first installed the app, I never used it at all because it kept glitching, not working, or simply not playing my music in general. Then, it worked super well! Until recently... It won't let me play the songs from my playlist unless I reset it or restart it, or unpause, you get the point. Decent app tho!",85 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
262,The Abyss,"December 20, 2022","(Edit: Nevermind, I can now preview songs again. It was 2 stars previously.) Hate the new update. It's way more difficult to create playlists now because I can't preview songs and I can't click on a song from a previous playlist to add it to another one. Also, the sheer amount of ads is ridiculous. There's at least one (if not more) ad about every two songs. It's almost unusable.",540 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
263,Promise Promise,"January 2, 2023","I'm only rating this a 1 because when I'm chilling trying to listen to my playlists, it adds these random songs to my playlist and I can't get rid of them, so one second I could be listening to my favorite song, and when it's done, it's playing a whole new singer. And I can't even put songs on loop anymore. This makes me so upset and I hope that this changes. Or at least add an option that it doesn't add random songs to the playlist. That's what I'm most upset about. Thanks for reading!",201 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
264,Christopher Xavier Bushell King,"January 1, 2023","Overall a good experience. Good choice of music of all genres. Not always easy to use. The app tends to stop working when listening to downloaded music (normally when downloaded, you can listen anywhere even if no wifi). This usually happens when listening to music through the car device (so when driving and you can't touch your phone). Generally speaking, some stability issues.",634 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
265,Nick 04,"December 2, 2022","I've been using spotify for years, and I have loved everything about it. Me and my cat like to listen to calm music before heading to sleep. I usually set a sleep timer for 45 minutes, but recently the app has been completely disregarding the timer and continues to play until I wake up. I've updated the app and no fix. There's also been an issue where only a certain section of my Playlist plays on loop. I have to manually select the song that should be playing next. It's worse when I'm driving.",262 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
266,Kokichi Ouma,"December 13, 2022","It's a nice app for music, it has more than enough songs available. Something that has ticked me, as a non-premium user, off a lot is, that after one of the recent updates, I can't play the song preview anymore in the playlist. Same goes for albums and similar things. Before, I was able to tap on the songs underneath to hear what the playlist contained. Now I can't anymore. I know it works just fine on premium. Reducing non-premium features more and more is something I'd call just kinda greedy.",73 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
267,A (Alivia),"December 15, 2022","I have a free plan so I can't complain about the 6 skips an hour, amount of ads, and inability to shuffle, repeat, or listen to individual songs/albums. My problem is that I can't see songs in a playlist the way it used to be. The only way is by clicking edit and we can only remove the song. There's no album cover and no preview. Really sucks. Worst decision ever. Also, I keep getting the same Chase Ink Business Premier ad. Like it comes up 3 times in a row. Please make it stop.",79 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
268,Lindsay Brandenburg,"December 3, 2022","My family loves spotify. We pay for the family subscription and we all have access to a ton of music, ad-free. The vast majority of the time, the app just works. Word to the wise, if you will need access to music off-line for whatever reason, test it by putting your device on airplane mode before you'll be without wifi or mobile data. Sometimes there's some glitchiness that will leave you unable to access your downloaded playlists, so best to troubleshoot before you need it and can't.",115 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
269,Allison L,"December 10, 2022","I've used Spotify for years now and never had problems. Ever since the most recent update, the app is not working. It will play one or two songs from my Playlist, and then freeze. I have to completely restart the app and reopen the Playlist. Even my saved and downloaded playlist have this issue. Hopefully this issue is resolved before my 20 hour trip home for Christmas",180 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
270,Alanis Sutherland,"January 19, 2023","This is a great app overall.. if you have premium. I have found that the ads, not being able to skip more than 6 or so times, and not being able to pick the songs you want to listen to get annoying really fast. Yet, if you have premium, I do think it is work your money because you can listen wherever (even in the middle of nowhere), skip and pick all the songs you want to listen to, and there are no adds. So, overall, I would give it 4 stars.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
271,John Keefe,"January 20, 2023","I use spotify for both music and long-form podcasts. Great for the former, horrendous for the latter. First and foremost, I am constantly losing my progress on my podcasts. It is very frustrating when you are an hour and half into a podcast, but then you re-open the app and it starts from minute 0. Dozens of times I've had to scroll back and forth trying to find my spot again, and I'm done with it. Decent for music, but for anything where you'd want to save your progress, go somewhere else.",605 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
272,Hamika_Gaming,"January 15, 2023","On PC, sometimes I get ads in the middle of the song and then it plays another song. I can't play specific songs I want on a phone, but I can on PC and iPad, which is weird. I get 4-5 ads after playing one song. The music kinda bugs out if I'm on another app. If there isn't enough music in a playlist, Spotify will automatically add songs to it. I like using this app because I can find new artists to listen to. I listen to music every day. Some things just don't make sense.",198 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
273,Caleb,"December 11, 2022","Without premium, this app is basically worthless. You need a tablet or laptop to even justify using it without premium. If you look on an album on Spotify, it won't show you the entire tracklist, and it even shows songs that aren't on the album. You are forced to shuffle everything. If you have a playlist, you can't view the entire tracklist on there to, unless you click the edit button. And you can't even choose a song! It picks random ones. There's a reason I still use my 8-year-old iPod.",188 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
274,Stuart Blair,"December 14, 2022","Love Spotify, have used it for years. For whatever reason, this latest update is bringing the whole thing down. Music will glitch and just stop playing, first off. Have to force close the app and reopen it to get it going again. Secondly, the crossfade is being stupid. For years, it would not crossfade for consecutive songs within an album, which is helpful in case there is some kind of continuation from the previous song. It now crossfades for these consecutive songs and it is very irritating.",51 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
275,Lauren Carlson,"December 19, 2022","It's ridiculous that I cannot shuffle a folder of playlists. Apparently this used to be a feature and it was taken out. Why take that out?? It makes no sense. That feature has existed for over a decade in other music apps. This app updates frequently, and I look for that EVERY TIME only to be disappointed. It is such a basic feature.... Also the recommended songs to add to a playlist are almost always duplicates...super annoying when you're looking for new music only.",191 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
276,Kaili Offhaus,"December 14, 2022","I love Spotify, music helps me focus especially when completing homework schoolwork etc. But after the recent update it's become hard to use and difficult to figure out, I don't know if it's like this for anyone else but it's really laggy and will only play one or two songs before glitching out. It'd be great if that was fixed! Otherwise, I'd give the app 5 stars. Thanks for reading! :D",67 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
277,FuntimeBunBun Playz,"December 9, 2022","Spotify is a great app to use for your music listening needs, but the new update has a few issues. Recently when I've paused songs and press play again, the song glitches and doesn't load a new song when it ends. Even opening and closing the app doesn't fix it, and it says no song is playing. It's been very annoying, and the only way I found to fix it is go to another playlist of mine and then back to the one that had issues. It's been happening to all of my playlists.",146 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
278,Lorena Terry,"December 8, 2022","I've loved Spotify. But all of a sudden, recently, I've been experiencing this glitch in individual premium where I can NOT play music when I press the play button in the playlists. And usually when I'm not done with a song, the next time I open up Spotify it SHOULD show a bar at the bottom of the screen in-app that has the last played song, and the heart button, and play buttons next to it. However, sometimes they are not there when I open the app.",621 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
279,jonathan telles,"December 24, 2022","Been using spotify for a long time. But the latest update, it's been doing awhole lot of crashing! Can't play games and listen to my playlist or even be on other social media apps while listening to my playlist until it crashes. I don't know why it's doing that, but it's getting really irritating! If this isn't fixed soon, I'm going to cancel my subscription and just stick with the youtube music app, at least that app never crashed on me",78 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
280,Crawling Critter,"December 10, 2022","Ever since I updated Spotify its been acting weird. When i go to play a song everything seems normal at first, just vibing, then after every other song or so it will just stop. Nothing will play and I don't know what's wrong with it. It just stops the music and goes silent. Even if I press skip or go to another playlist it wont work. I've even tried closing the app completely. It basically just works whenever it wants to and refuses to give me music. Smh. But other than that, it works fine.",53 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
281,Maxwell,"December 18, 2022","I really do like this app. It's basically the only way I listen to music. BUT this can also make me MAD at times. I swear the 6 skips on free doesn't even feel like 6, more like 4. Sometimes when a song finishes, the app just stops playing music. When I open the app, the playlist I last had open won't play, so I have to go to a different playlist and then back to that same playlist. I have much more to say, but unfortunately I'm limited to 500 words. Please fix it. Have a nice day.",192 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
282,Jenny J,"December 1, 2022","I love this app and find easy to use! It would be great though if song management was made easier (when using a mobile device and a computer). When choosing to add a song to a Playlist, I would love to see checkboxes beside each list, so I can check them to add the song to multiple lists at one time. It would also be very helpful if a checkmark appears beside each Playlist that the song has already been added to, and could just tap to remove it.",205 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
283,Brandon Eckstein,"December 13, 2022","Have had premium for years without issue. Since the last update on 12/05/22, if you don't keep the app open the music stops, it won't go to the next song. You either have to select a new playlist or force close the app. Support's solution when I contacted them was to try to have me create a new account, after uninstalling/reinstalling the app numerous times (which never worked).",59 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
284,Nelly Herrera,"December 14, 2022","I've been using the app since 2018, and it has always worked great. I upgraded eventually to the paid version to get rid of ads, and as of recently, it has been so weird. It stops playing music after 1 song, even if there's more on the queue. The song bar dissappears, and I have to restart the app. Sometimes, that doesn't work either, though. Whatever bug this is, needs to get fixed. It's a very distracting error, especially when I'm driving, and the app just stops playing for no reason.","2,534 people found this review helpful",2,spotify
285,ren,"December 20, 2022","This app is only good with Spotify premium. Can only shuffle playlists, long ads that play almost every other song, doesn't even let you see what songs are on an album, and doesn't let you edit the order of your playlists after you've added all of the songs in (which is just a personal preference of mine). I'll continue using this app, but it's a very, very lackluster app.",165 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
286,Katy Field,"December 8, 2022","I've had a premium account for years. It's my favorite music app above all others. Music, audiobooks, podcasts, it's all here. But lately my playlists get hung up after 1-4 songs. I have to close the app completely and then reopen and restart the playlist which is frustrating when I'm trying to get into a flow of tasks but either keep hearing the same songs bc the playlist started over again, or having to stop what I'm doing to force close the app and go through all that every 3-10 minutes.",466 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
287,Millie Kearney,"January 4, 2023","Spotify interface has deteriorated! I love spotify, I need spotify! I have been loyal to it for years. However in the past few months, I have been forced to notice a serious decline in the user interface. It is not to do with my phone or wifi, I have uninstalled the app countless times but the app is infuriatingly glitchy and slow. It constantly lags. It will take so long to load or won't load at all. It won't connect to my sonos. It wont let me search new music at all. I am very disappointed.",84 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
288,Minouet,"January 2, 2023","Other recent reviews are saying the app pauses after a song or two. That was the case for me, but as of right now it won't even get all the way through a SINGLE song, while I'm sitting here in my house with a good internet connection, doing nothing else on my phone. There's a reason I actually bother paying for Spotify services; because they're helpful and convenient. If I'm expected to keep paying, they really need to fix this ASAP. Expecting a music-playing app to play music is not too much.",60 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
289,Simon,"December 22, 2022","Theoretically Spotify is a great app. The overall performance has been increased during the last months. Two issues are still bothering me regularly: 1. I am getting logged out suddenly, sometime multiple times per day and sometimes after 1 or 2 months. 2. If I have a bad network connection it does not open the downloaded songs and episodes and states that the network connection is not available. However, this should not be an issue for downloaded content.",179 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
290,John Solo (Phumbels),"December 22, 2022","Awful user experience. The app looks nice but it is extremely frustrating. It never saves my progress if I'm watching something on PC and switch to another device. You have to dig around to find your recently played stuff. When I try to listen in my car, it constantly changes to play on my PC, even after I change it back. There is nothing that I see in the settings to fix this. I like Spotify but this is too much hassle and I just want it to do the things that my YouTube app can do.",41 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
291,Richard A,"December 10, 2022","I have been using the App for 3 years with no problem. A recent update has a glitch that keeps dropping the playlist after a few tracks. When accessing the app player to fix the problem, the screen goes black and no controls can be selected. If you manage to get into the app the player bar is not there to restart the track. The only way I can seem to get it to work again is to select another track or play list. Not good for paid premium account",226 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
292,Grapey Playzies,"December 18, 2022","The way I can't listen to playlists like on the desktop version is quite inconvenient for me and other people. For example, why do they only give 6 free skips? And on desktop, you can just click on any song you want and it'll be played. But on mobile, that doesn't really happen. You click on one specific song, and another one from the same artist will be played. It doesn't really make sense, and when you click on an album, for example SOUR, you can only see 3-4 songs and not the rest.",404 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
293,soggyratcorpses,"January 8, 2023","I've used Spotify for years. I've really enjoyed using the app, until the latest update. For non-premium users, you are unable to view songs that you have added to your own playlist now. Everytime I try to view the added songs, it takes me to a screen to edit the playlist that looks similar to the queue. Album covers are not visible. You also cannot preview songs or search them anymore. There's a ton of ads now. I'm not sure if its just me, but it also won't allow me to view my liked songs.",39 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
294,Gabriel Mason,"January 4, 2023",I love this app it is the best app for music in my opinion. But I hate how I'm listening to a song it ends and a whole different song pops up not even in my playlist. I get it's supposed to get you into new music but it is so annoying I can be listening to my favorite song I cannot wait for this next song I really like. here's a song that i don't like. And also make it a option in the settings that turn this off and how it gives you 10 random songs and can only skip 6 unless you want to pay😡🤬.,47 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
295,Samual,"December 5, 2022","I'd love to use the app more but all it does lately is just fail out. All that music and money and they can't seem to keep it reliably working. I've been having trouble with it randomly crashing, skipping songs randomly when Im not touching the phone, and now it won't even start. I don't know what the last update was but it rendered the app useless for me and it's not the first time that has happened this year even. I just periodically check in to see if it's working. Stick with youtube.",41 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
296,Jade Sheard,"December 9, 2022","I don't know what happened with this most recent update, but every time I close the app and come back, I lose my queue. It's supposed to be nonstop music, but it won't even play songs from a generated radio. It just stops. Also the play button won't work, I have to manually choose a song to start the playlist. It's like this with every playlist I have. Still love the app, but this needs to be fixed.",88 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
297,Munky Farts,"December 13, 2022","A lot of bugs. Spotify is occasionally glitchy, but everything is so it would be a 5 star. I can't rate based off of content because I didn't buy premium. From what I've heard premium is really good. But when I try to play my playlist I created, nothing happens. If I want to listen to my playlist, I have to play another album, and then once a song is playing, I have to go back to the playlist. Also if you watch the video for 30 minutes of free listening (no ads), sometimes you don't get it.",37 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
298,Lief,"January 3, 2023","It's hard to use. Need a way to seed a radio station by adding artists to a station. Would be great if it had a way to remove songs from a list while they are playing or at all. It suggests songs are no where near the same genre. ONLY think halfway useful is that I can search and play individual songs. But I can do that with a bunch of other apps. Only win is the year end stats, but I'm fighting just for that.",36 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
299,Antonine Joy Malig,"December 11, 2022","Lately, the song that is playing will just stop out of nowhere. The app says the music is playing, but isn't really. Tried restarting my phone, closing and reopening the app and still doesn't work. I'm trying to see if there is an update needed to fix the problem but there isn't any update for the app. Can this be fixed because it's getting really annoying because I usually go for a long drive and I can't just simply keep pulling over just to see why my music stopped playing. Thanks!",182 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
300,Gabriela Vasquez,"December 10, 2022",I hate it. The new update is atrocious. I loved the old format where you could edit your playlist and see the album covers. At first I thought the removal of the album covers was a glitch but I guess it's the new update. I HATE IT!!!! It gives me a headache trying to figure out what song is on my playlist without the cover. I used to guide myself through that and enjoyed being able to listen to the songs on my playlist. Now that's gone and this app is no longer enjoyable.,89 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
301,Wes Peot,"January 2, 2023","Spotify has any and all songs I look up for free. There are a few adds, but with the worthy purchase of premium, this app is perfect for listening to music. I can't think of a single conplaint. Edit: I've started listening to podcasts and even with a premium subscription, which is supposed to get rid of ads, these always have ads. Was trying to go to bed with jungle sounds and was blasted instead with a fitness ad. If you pay for premium then this it's unacceptable.",64 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
302,Charlotte Stohr,"December 25, 2022","Would give this app 5 stars but I have found in a recent update they have changed the playlists so that when you go to edit one, you can no longer preview (listen to a few seconds) of any of the songs which is very annoying because I don't always remember what the song sounds like. This feature was useful for seeing which songs were in my playlists and which one I might want to listen to next. Other than that, Spotify is overall pretty decent in my opinion.",207 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
303,Jason Minnaar,"January 4, 2023","Downgraded to four star because of the mobile app having limited skips compared to the desktop, especially since the the ads are as frequent as they are. I'm rocking with a free account at the moment bc that's the best I can do, so I don't mind the ads. It's just, when listening on the phone I wish I could skip through my playlists as well. Otherwise, everything else on this app is great, really happy with this service. Grateful for it. Special thanks to everyone at Spotify.",400 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
304,MissShan X,"December 14, 2022","I use Spotify daily, in place of listening to the radio any time I drive anywhere. The latest update freezes, stops my music, and refuses to play the next song in my playlists. This would be problematic even without considering that I am typically driving while using the app. I have premium and love it when it works, but this needs to be addressed asap, please!",45 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
305,Casey Kneff,"December 8, 2022","I have always used the free service. I don't mind some ads. Spotify has more recently got to the point where you have to listen to (3) 30 second ads after each and every song. I am pretty sure it has been 4 at times. This is when I'm driving and connected to my truck. The ads are the same horrible ads over and over. I'm switching and using something else. It's too bad. I really enjoyed their playlists, complete artist collections, and many other features.","2,010 people found this review helpful",2,spotify
306,Ari Foster,"December 14, 2022","I've had Spotify premium for multiple years at this point, and I loved it. I listen to music at work, utilizing the offline mode so I'm not using data or company wifi for streaming. Everything worked great until around 3 months ago. Now I have to go online daily to re-download the same playlists. It's frustrating that this is happening because I'm paying for the ability to go offline when it doesn't work as advertised. My phone is not old. Still a great app, but it no longer does the job for me.",76 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
307,Rebecca Singleton,"December 15, 2022","I recently cancelled my Spotify acct to save money. I forgot how much it was worth the money. It was gone for one week before that $10 a month was suddenly worth it again. Ads every other song. Not being able to skip around. Things I didn't even realize were from premium, like being able to see all of the songs on a playlist. I wish the free version wasn't such shite, but I do appreciate the benefits I get with a paid acct.",97 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
308,Aaron C,"January 14, 2023","The app is great when it works. But, the random bugs and errors that happen after updates are unbearable. Ranging from not being able to dl music with a premium account, to not being able to disable shuffle, or listen to an album is incredibly frustrating. Especially when you contact support and their response is ""huh, seems to be working fine on our end. Have you tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app...?""",361 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
309,Earl Snyder,"December 13, 2022","I've had a premium account for years now and it's sad to say but Spotify has really gone down hill somehow over the last couple years. The only addition I've liked is the 'enhanced' feature for playlist but now the app is crashing, the algorithm is playing the same songs more frequently and the removal of the shuffle button in lieu of a simple play/pause button on personal playlists is one of the dumbest decisions I've ever seen. Stop trying so hard. It's music. Go back to your roots Spotify.",19 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
310,Killer8gage _,"December 13, 2022","Every time I listen to my Playlist, I'll get 2 songs in and then it'll play one of them ""thank you for listening and enjoy THIRTY MINUTES of ad free music."" Then after the ad, it'll play 2 3-minute songs and then another ad break. I didn't know 6 or 7 minutes was the equivalent of 30. Then, when I play an album it only plays the most popular ones over and over. This app has no variety when it comes to playing songs from your favorite bands.",25 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
311,Emily Mauerman,"December 13, 2022","This app is great... until the most recent update. I have a family premium plan and downloaded playlists, but the app will glitch out after one song has played. Music will stop, there will be nothing in the queue, the bar at the bottom with my song will disappear, and I can no longer press play in the playlist that I was on. I have to restart the app and play a different playlist before I can go back to my original playlist, but by that time my queue is destroyed anyways. It's very annoying.",49 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
312,Yar Ilich,"December 20, 2022","I've been using it about a year now. Happy to be paying so little for the music, but still not be stealing it. Really liked their 2022 wrapped presentation, it was really touching. It is convenient to be able to open my local saved music with this app as well. Rated it 4 out of 5 because some songs are unavailable to me which means I have to consume them elsewhere. I contacted support about it and they never gave me anything definitive.",29 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
313,Emma Ashcroft,"December 14, 2022","Usually, this app is great. I pay for premium, so I don't have to bother with ads, and I can listen to my playlist in any order. But for the last week it has not been working properly, it keeps stalling and stopping when I connect and disconnect to speakers and my cars bluetooth radio which is not ideal for my work, also when I first open the app the page goes blank or crashes so have to close it and start again, please can this be looked into and fixed so that I can put it back to a 5* rating",231 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
314,Russell Fulton,"December 9, 2022","Has been great up until the most recent update due to one reason. After I force close the app, when I reopen it to continue playing from when I closed it, it only completes that song then just stops working. The controls on my screen stay there saying the song is still playing but is unresponsive. I have to go back in to the playlist and start again. Really annoying. Fix this and it will be great again.",344 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
315,Starly,"December 11, 2022","Ever since the newest update after WRAPPED, mine has been glitching to the point where i can't even use it. Songs don't pull up and I can't switch playlists. I have to open and close the app 3 times just to get a new song to play. And the ads are getting ridiculous. I got 6 ads in a row a few times. I used to love spotify and only ever use it but it's not worth the frustration anymore and it's just not convenient",55 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
316,John Raisor,"January 6, 2023","Spotify has had video for podcasts since 2020, but it is still full of bugs. When it tries play an ad, it opens a random episode of the same podcast instead of playing the ad about half the time. The pod video minimizes into a control bar at the bottom of the screen whenever you lock your screen, which is annoying in itself. I want to unlock and see the video and control it. On top of that, the bar magically disappears all the time but the pod keeps playing. Its awful. Fix it.",16 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
317,Andrew Jackson,"December 11, 2022","I have used Spotify for the past 7 or so years without issue, but this last week it has been buggy. If I start a playlist, but then close the app, when I open the app again it opens up the last song played but doesn't let me resume, and if I skip to the next song the screen goes blank and I can't get that playlist to work again. I have to close the app, open it again, start playing a different playlist, before it will let me go back to the previous playlist.",331 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
318,Sahana Sarkar,"January 25, 2023","Used to be such a great app. Enhanced mode was game changer and introduced me to music I wouldn't never hear otherwise. It also points out which ones are enhanced so you can add it to a Playlist. However, now this smart shuffle mode is obsolete, does not let you skip or pick songs, and doesn't even tell you what is being added to your queue? Whose idea was this? I pay for premium but what's the point if I can't even have any of the functions I pay for? Hopefully it's a bug that's getting fixed",75 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
319,Mukuro Ikusaba,"January 22, 2023","This app is horrible, let me get to the point to save any readers time. You can't play an individual song if you stick with free, it will only play a short clip, you have to put it in a playlist to listen to it and it will force add songs and the only way to listen is by setting it to shuffle. Every few songs there are several ads in a row. You have limited skips. That's right, it forces you to make a playlist and you can't even skip to the song you want to listen to unless it's within six.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
320,Kristen allen,"December 5, 2022","Android app is garbage. It stops playing if I go into other apps or when my phone screen times out. I constantly have to open my phone and leave it open on Spotify for the music to continue to play, but again, once it times out and th screen goes black it stops within a couple minutes. It's been over a year since I wrote this review, and it has gotten significantly worse. Idk why I keep paying for premium. Can't even play a whole song without shutting off. Please fix this glitch!!!",42 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
321,sean hayes,"December 11, 2022","Update the n the 5th December 2022 broke the auto start playback. For example, you get in the car and music should start playing when you hit play button on Android auto. The last song will play and when it ends, it shows a square where the play/pause button would be. It just freezes instead of going to another song. You have to open your phone and re-select the playlist and a song. Very annoying to have it break from this last update. My wife's phone updated and it's doing the same thing.",42 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
322,dami,"December 31, 2022","I love Spotify for listening to music, especially with the lyrics feature. Thing is, I can't pay for premium because there isn't a Google Play option for payment. Maybe if they added a Google payment option, I'd definitely have no issues with the app. There is a lot of ads with the free plan, but that's what you get if you don't pay. Also, please remove the recommended song feature. I hate trying to listen to a playlist and then Spotify randomly starts playing something else.",20 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
323,Don “AJ” Adams,"January 15, 2023","I have been a customer of Premium for years. I recently decided to eliminate a few costs and switched to the free account. At one point in time, I would have given this 4 or 5 stars. I get that you get what you pay for, but it took me going to free to realize how much this app absolutely sucks. They play one or two songs and then four adds, repetitively. It's so annoying all the same adds over and over again. Plus when you want to listen to an artist/song, it switches to some random song/artist",494 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
324,Cesar Lopez,"December 11, 2022","It's a great music app with a good bang for your buck. My only complaint really is the fact that I can't hide the audiobooks section on the home page. I'm really not interested in audiobooks, yet I can't stop seeing a dedicated section for audiobooks that I can't listen to. It feels like an unskippable ad that clutters up the home screen. I would much rather have the option to hide it. I know this is pretty nitpicky, but it's annoying when I'm already paying to listen to music.",17 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
325,Chris Slevin,"December 29, 2022","I have had Spotify Premium for years, and have loved it up until recently. I don't know what y'all did, but the latest update is a failure. I like my music on shuffle, and will choose which songs I want in the queue, depending on my mood. I used to be able to remove songs from the queue without any problems. Now it will take the songs I've removed, and put them back in the queue. Also when I want to listen to 1 artist w/o shuffle, it will play 1 song, then go to beginning of playlist.",42 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
326,Chris Morrison,"December 11, 2022","The app keeps soft crashing, I'll come to the end of a song in my playlist and expect it to move on to the next one but it won't. Then when I go to the app the bar at the bottom (with the basic music information and pause/skip buttons) will be there but disappear after a second making me go to my playlist and manually select the next song. It doesn't do this everytime but it does it enough to be annoying.",40 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
327,Ella Jorgi,"December 13, 2022","Have been using it for years, almost immediately with premium. That said, recently a bug keeps appearing: a playlist is on, gets interrupted, by another app for example, and then when I press play it freezes. To make music play again, I have to start some other playlist (never the one that was on). I see that I'm not alone who's dealing with that glitch.",24 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
328,Devon Glass,"December 8, 2022","The recent update has broken playback when using Bluetooth. Playlists will stop playing music and hitting the play button won't resume playback. You can't start playback without starting another playlist and then you have to go back to the other playlist. It appears to be playing but it's not actually playing music. It was working fine until a few days ago, disappointed it's not functioning properly.",85 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
329,Kevin Choi,"December 12, 2022","As great as the app is, lately, I've been experiencing some problems with playing some playlists. For example, when I try to play my personal playlist, it won't play no matter what I do UNLESS I play a different track and then return to it. It's getting annoying, but other than that, a great app for listening to music premium or not (ads can be 1-2 min long though, which sucks)","1,712 people found this review helpful",4,spotify
330,Empyrean Queen,"December 13, 2022","Usually really good, I make sure to keep paying my premium so I can listen to whatever. However recently it's started to just stop playing whatever song I'm listening to or it just won't go to the next song. I constantly have repeat all and shuffle on so it's not those. I can't hit the skip button, it just sits there and I have to manually hit some random song in my playlist in order to get it playing again. It'll go for awhile then do it again. I can't keep stopping during work you know.",10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
331,Tony Addison,"December 20, 2022","Oh dear Spotify. Every time you perform an update you create (or recreate) a problem which wasn't there previously. As other users have reported, I now find that when I am using a Bluetooth connection in my car, the app plays a short group of songs from a playlist, and repeats them, without moving on to the next song in the list. The only method of preventing this is to exit the app, and start again at the song next in the playlist. Please get your software engineers to get it right!",259 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
332,Vanessa Osuna,"December 14, 2022","I've had Spotify for about a year now. It was great up until a few weeks ago when the app will stop playing music or it cuts out and freezes. Please fix this, once doing so I'll change my star rate for the better. It really is a good music app. Sucks that I've been having trouble with it during my 2 hour travels to and from work.",21 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
333,Lia,"December 19, 2022","I love Spotify and all but it's just that I want to listen to my music in the order I have it in my playlist and I don't like the fact that they took away the button to add music or change your playlists. Second thing is there are way to many ads that pop up and it's really annoying, and sometimes I will get the exact ad over and over again if this app was a little bit more like YouTube music I would use it all the time, and I also want to listen to my music again please fix this app. Thank You.",99 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
334,Bailey Reeves,"January 5, 2023","I have been listening to ads for 10 minutes. I understand having ads because I don't premium, but this is ridiculous. I get the 30 minutes of ad free listening and then have 10 minutes of ads 1 song later. Another issue I'm having is that it keeps getting stuck playing one song in car mode. It says the song has been playing for over 70 minutes. When I finally get the song to stop, it will start again and won't stop ever. Spotify used to be amazing, but the longer I have it the worse it gets.",30 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
335,Campbell Pead,"January 23, 2023","The navigation is awful. When I try to play music I end up getting frustrated because I sit there for 30 minutes trying to work out how to get the song to actually play. When you try to play a song, it gets put into a randomly generated playlist and autoshuffled with no way to skip to the song that you actually want to play. If you accidentally hit ""don't play song again"", you can say goodbye to that song forever. If you want music, use YouTube music or SoundCloud. Podcasts are fine here though.",206 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
336,Πέτρος Μπαλ.,"January 18, 2023","Good app. I have premium since the ads were unbearable, and I'm pretty satisfied. An issue that popped up lately on the mobile version of the app is that, if there are many liked songs in an album, only the first one appears to be liked. Apart from that, it would be a nice addition if they put a timer to the left of the ""Clear Queue"" button, so that you know the total duration of your queued songs.",321 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
337,Jeanetta Szerletich,"January 13, 2023","It seems like the recent updates broke a few things. First, when I use an aux cord, I have to open and close the app a few times before it'll start working. All my other apps work just fine with aux cord. Second, when I connect via Bluetooth, it will play the same 5 songs over and over until I open the app and manually select a new song from a playlist. I've been using spotify consistently for over a year and haven't had these problems until recently.",144 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
338,Shawn “The Sheep” Olson,"January 22, 2023","After updating to Version 8.8.2.434, I am displeased with the Spotify Player. It's been great and I haven't had any issues for the many years I've been using Spotify. The change of location for Song title and Artist name is awful. It used to be right above the scroll bar and under the artwork, now it's above the artwork. It's inconvenient to see what's playing or to select the artist name to see the artist page. Title and Artist should be front and center.",48 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
339,Jonathan Brown,"December 22, 2022","Used it for years, but I'm beginning to dislike it. I had a one star review one day when I was frustrated but I'm back to be more objective. It's becoming average. It doesn't have hifi. And the AI algorithm doesn't learn that what I really want to hear is new music. It keeps feeding me 80% songs I know with radio stations. Even skipping them all day it still doesn't learn that when I'm exploring, I want new music. Save known music for my Playlists I play. You're lowering my engagement.",68 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
340,Black Pensils,"December 13, 2022","I recently updated the app and now, each time I pause my music or close down the app, the playlist disappears. All I see is the song played last. When I try to play it, the song bar completely disappears. Even trying to shuffle the playlist don't work. I either have to pick a new song from the list or shuffle a different playlist and then go back to the one I was previously listen to music from. It's a pain. Assuming it's an update glitch, it needs to be fixed, if it's a new feature. Remove it.",27 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
341,Hypatia “ItsHerobrine2” Taylor,"December 21, 2022","Its great for listening for music, and i would give it 5 stars, but I'd like to be able to rewind the songs so if i have to pause the song partway through for a period of time, i can rewind it and listen to it completely. Also, when it doesnt play the song i want it to when i am looking for the song, it drives me a bit mad. But all in all it is a pretty decent app.",30 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
342,Robert Zsiga,"January 19, 2023","Terrible! I've been a Spotify premium member for many years. The app often just stops while I'm listening to playlists, it's so annoying especially while I'm driving because I won't touch my phone while I'm driving. The music just abruptly stops. It also repeats the same songs over and over. It only plays certain songs on the playlist. I've tried every troubleshooting method and have been in contact with Spotify regarding these issues. Nothing works. I'm getting really fed up with Spotify.",36 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
343,Aaron Richards,"January 11, 2023","I have tried every major music streaming service there is. Spotify is hands down the absolute best. It uses very little data, loads seamlessly, and hardly uses any battery. There's a large selection of music, but they have also included podcasts with or without video. Not to mention they have now added audiobooks to their selection. Don't waste your time on any other app, Spotify is the one.",184 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
344,Emily Taylor,"December 14, 2022","Currently, does not seem to be playing my songs correctly. Will add minutes onto songs that aren't there and will not proceed to the next one on my playlist. This is very frustrating. Also, the new ways to edit playlists make it so much harder. Seriously considering switching music apps because of how bad its been recently. Also - way too many ads lately.",76 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
345,Ethan Dutton,"December 12, 2022","I have always loved Spotify and loved that it connected so well and seamlessly with my computer, phone, car, and more without having to work too hard. However, the Android experience of this app can be a bit frustrating at times. Certain things, like not being able to swipe down from the Now Playing song back to whatever page I was previously on, make the Android experience less enjoyable. It's just surprising when Apple gives Spotify nothing but trouble with features and updates....",16 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
346,Lauren Garland,"January 2, 2023","I love spotify, I am currently on a premium plan and I've never had any issues until about a week ago. Spotify has begun to stop playing songs at random times, for example ill have a song playing and it stops so I go back in and restart the song and it stops again and so on. It's very annoying and at this point I really can't play music without constant interruptions, please fix this",7 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
347,Burkle,"January 24, 2023","New issue: When I add a song to my playlist, it exits out of the full screen view which is really annoying when I'm adding the song to multiple playlists because then I have to open it up again. It's by far the best music app, but it has its slight downsides. I love that you can create playlists, but a bit issue is that you can't move multiple songs at once from one playlist to the next. Also, it's really great for discovering new music and artists.",230 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
348,Lucifer 666,"December 28, 2022","Got the premium sunscription around two months ago, and everything was fine until the new update. Not only does it start glitching and stopping every few songs, but i can't even use the search feature without beinng kicked out of the app as soon as I pick a song or playlist. Only music I can listen to now is my own playlists, which also makes it difficult to discover new music. And yes, I've tried restarting my phone.",22 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
349,Aaron Tramel,"December 9, 2022","Ever since the last update if I close the app and later resume where I left off, it will finish playing the song and then stop playing anything. It will go to the next song but nothing is displayed. The now playing bar at the bottom of the app disappears. Have to force close and restart every time. Also after using in my car it used to automatically pause when the car is turned off. Now it resumes playing from the phone speaker once disconnected from the car every time.",41 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
350,Chilled Sky,"December 3, 2022","So, it's a good app to listen to your favourite music. The free mobile version tho it has many features locked. Also another point is that i don't really like the new style of editing your playlists, it's kinda confusing and i can't listen to the small teasers the songs used to have, while i was choosing music for my playlists. It's annoying. The old one it was way easier for me to edit.",22 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
351,Lucas Campbell,"January 6, 2023","After a recent update, when you add a song to a playlist, the view in the app gets reset so that the song that's playing is hidden down at the bottom of the screen. This is REALLY annoying if you want to add a song to multiple playlists. It means that instead of going back to the 3 dots again, you have to re-focus so the now playing song shows w/cover art, to get the 3 dots option available to tap. It's a small thing, but SO annoying.",24 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
352,Lee McKenzie,"January 21, 2023","Sound quality is good, pretty easy to navigate the app. What's frustrating is when I want/search a specific song, when I click on it the app plays a completely different song. I installed it to play a friend's playlist that is usually five or six songs, but after the first song it starts playing other random songs (related, but not from the playlist I'm on). I don't get it.","1,075 people found this review helpful",2,spotify
353,S Mattingly,"December 14, 2022","the new update is causing a lot of issues with playing songs and queueing music. It's very frustrating trying to queue songs only for the entire app to pause after 20 minutes, and needing to restart the app completely to get it to work. I'm listening to music constantly and it is a pain having to go into the app and restart it constantly. I've reinstalled the app, tried different settings, but nothing has helped. Definitely not worth paying for if this keeps happening.",55 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
354,Petho-Devay Ildiko,"December 10, 2022","What the hell did you do with this app??? After the latest update it's unbearable! I cannot play the playlist I want, it skips to some random songs I don't even have in the playlist! Lately it crashes ALL THE TIME! I cannot open any other app (not even a browser) while playing music, because it crashes! The widget is useless, you cannot start playing music from it, you still have to search for the app and hit play from it.",65 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
355,K. Murphey,"December 14, 2022",This app is close to useless. It constantly stops in the middle of a playlist. It'll play one song and stop. Sometimes I'll get a random cycle of three or four songs despite the fact they're part of a larger playlist. I literally can't use this in the car anymore because of how much interaction it requires to listen to simple set of songs. Useless.,30 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
356,Steph,"December 13, 2022","Update 12/13/22: I signed back up for Premium after not using it for 6 months. I'm still having the same playback issues, which is frustrating. -- I pay for premium Spotify and have had nothing but issues with it lately. The songs keep playing, but the information on the screen does not change or the screen just freezes. The music will also just stop playing for no reason. This has been an ongoing issue for a month and I have been waiting for an update, but that did not fix the issues either.",29 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
357,Orea AndCreams,"December 11, 2022","I literally just started using the app and I'm already giving it 2 stars. First of all, there are an absurd amount of ads. I click on one song, and immediately get bombarded with 4 ads. And second, when clicking on a song, you get given playlist of songs that have absolutely nothing to do with the song that you've specifically clicked. Let me just listen to the song I want hear, not just some random song that I had no idea existed.",7 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
358,Swapnil Korde,"December 12, 2022","After trial and error this is the one app that stands out no matter what. I love the interface has all the music i like and podcasts. Although,that is not worth if the app stops playing music abruptly needs to be played again which it does but from the very start. I have been ignoring this since past year now but i believe if you are paying for something you need to have it's worth. Please devs resolve this.",8 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
359,Gregory Lu,"December 13, 2022","Like many other people, the new update added a very annoying issue with playing music when you get into your car. Whatever song is queued will play and finish, then the back/forward/pause controls will be replaced by a square and no new song will be loaded. On the phone, the playlist/song will show the play button, but the bottom progress bar will be gone. You need to manually select a new song or playlist for it to go back to being normal. Super annoying, hope they fix this.",10 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
360,GCA_ mosin,"December 19, 2022",You cant even look at the songs on an album anymore. Why are you like this. It's garbage. How are you supposed to add songs to playlists if you can't actually look at the songs. It's so inconvenient. They only let you listen to 2 songs before playing ads. The new way playlists look is absolutely horrible. They change so many things that aren't even premium features,16 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
361,LeeAnn Cooper,"December 13, 2022","Not very user friendly. Music will randomly start playing when I don't have the app open, sometimes when I'm not even on my phone. And when I do have the app open listening to a Playlist or searched song, sometimes it will just stop after a certain song instead of continuing to play more music. And this is all with premium lol. Never had either of these problems with Pandora. Pandora doesn't have as big of a selection or as many cool features (like scrolling lyrics) but I guess I'm going back:(",15 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
362,Dillon Valente,"December 13, 2022",Great app as long as you're willing to pay for it. Adds are unbearable. Something has gone wrong with the recent update though were it no longer saves my queue. Usually I can come back from my break at work and continue right where a left off but now it doesn't work. It continues the song I was listening to but then plays nothing after it and I have to start a whole new playlist again and then go back to what I was listening too. It's really frustrating. Also bring the shuffle button back.,103 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
363,Alyvia Christiansen,"December 2, 2022","I love Spotify and all, it has a lot of unique features, but the thing I'm struggling with is that I can't veiw other people's playlists anymore and Ive tried everything. Also, when I try to veiw mine, my only option is to remove songs, I can't even listen to a preview of them anymore and it's annoying. I just want a preview of songs again so I can tell if I like them or not!",10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
364,Wes Niman,"December 23, 2022","I've been using this app for years and have never found much issue in it. Though over the last year or so there have been ENORMOUS increases in glitches and bugs that causes the app to crash. Please fix this. I don't want to have to switch music players, but I will if things don't change. (Edit) Issues still not fixed.. and more problems are showing up too. I'm VERY close to deleting the app and switching music players. I know for a fact that other people are too. Update: It's somehow worse...",959 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
365,Jennifer Greene,"January 11, 2023","I really enjoyed spotify until this update. I like to see the list of songs and pick where I'd like to start. Now it plays the song I have added to my list then goes to something totally different, not even on my list. I understand it's just giving me new songs to listen too, but I like my list and want to listen to it that way. The way spotify abled me too before, now it's changed. Too many ads now, I never had ads before. Please fix it to how it used to be",91 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
366,Aryo Jatmiko,"January 5, 2023","Been using premium duo for a few months now. It's a great experience. There are things that can be improved for Spotify, like implementing a ""Not Interested"" buttons for popular shows and suggested for today and every other songs and shows that pop up in my home screen. I would rate it higher when you implement such changes. I don't need a dislike button, just a not interested button so shows and songs I don't like wouldn't show up on my app.",35 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
367,Janine Cook,"December 14, 2022","It's been an absolute nightmare since last update. After 1 song plays, it won't play any more songs, but it looks like one is playing, can't press pause even though it's the only thing highlighted, but no song is playing. When the phone connects to the car, it won't play the next song or only has 4 songs on repeat instead of the 20 songs it had left to play before you connected to the car!",35 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
368,Hayley Elliott,"December 10, 2022",Love Spotify.... but starting having issues today. Sometimes the app won't load at all. I have to close it out and open back up multiple times. It will also play a couple songs then just stop working and won't play anything even though I hit play. Won't show my previous played song/playlist when I open up the app. Not sure why all these problems all of a sudden. It's really frustrating.,32 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
369,Sean Beach,"January 19, 2023","It's okay, there are a lot of really annoying features and a lack of good ones. Runs very slowly, even on a good connection. Stuck with this since they disabled Google Play Music. Edit: 1 star: after the last update all this extra information pops up between song and the lyrics, it is truly annoying there is no way to hide that. Just more things added that nobody needs.",16 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
370,Dr. Bubonic,"January 14, 2023","I had an encounter with a 10 second error, and the best way to get rid of it would be updating the app. So I did and it didn't do anything! I tried uninstalling and reinstalling again, now it won't even let me log in. My email's right, my password's right, it just keeps saying that there's a problem. Spotify keeps doing this and it's annoying. I feel like I'm better off using YouTube for a music source, and YouTube's annoying as well! Just fix your damn app already!",380 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
371,Bryan,"December 24, 2022","I have used the premium version for a long time; however, the latest update is broken. I'm experiencing the same issue(s) others are: 1) the app stops playing after one track. I have to force stop it and then it works fine until the next time I get in my car. 2) It asks me everytime if I want to switch to Car Mode when it used to just do it unprompted. I haven't seen any other issues, yet. Hoping a patch soon will resolve this. Also, I really wish they would add a ""landscape"" view for car mode.",22 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
372,Edward Martin (Ameritalk101),"December 8, 2022","An absurd amount of commercials. There's a full commercial break every two or three songs. Navigating a list of episodes of a podcast is a nightmare. Sometimes the phone interprets a swipe as a tap and takes you to the episode page. When you hit the back button, it takes you back to the beginning of the list with the filter reset. When the list is hundreds or thousands of episodes long, this will drive you insane. Overall it's ok, but I'm currently looking for an alternative.",245 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
373,Chandlar Fay,"December 22, 2022","Spotify. Great app, nice theme, helps me sleep on school nights, ect. Now, the only problem that I have with this app is sometimes when I'm listening to my playlist on my phone, it plays a suggested song. But when I go to skip the song it doesn't let me anymore!!. Now normally it would show me that the song (obviously) is not in my playlist, and it'll let me skip. But it's not doing that anymore. I don't know if this is a bug, or a new update, but PLEASE fix it. Thank you.",13 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
374,Lisa Cunningham,"January 21, 2023","I've been using this app for years, but lately ...obviously, since an update, it now stops halfway through songs and just loses connections. It's extremely frustrating having to restart it all the time, and even when you do, it just crashes over and over. Waste of the money I pay each month when you constantly have to restart your music. Please fix these bugs!",135 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
375,JP Bergmann,"December 3, 2022","I use premium and it's great. My only complaint is that driving mode is annoying. I prefer listening to albums over playlists, and it's difficult to search for an album in driving mode. You end up having to back out of the search function and repeat the search in standard mode. It's a minor annoyance but 4 stars is still pretty good.",26 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
376,Randall Ingram,"December 13, 2022","I have had premium service for years, I used to love it and would have given it 5 stars. However, the more ""updates"" that are done, the more problems and glitches that arise. At first Spotify stopped connecting to my vehicle through the android connectivity features so I just have to connect as a Bluetooth device. Now it's to the point that I can't even get it to play more than a couple songs on my phone without glitching and freezing up. Phone is only 1-2 years old and running android 12.",30 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
377,Yun Qun,"December 12, 2022","The recent updates are annoying. It gives users a lot of inconveniences, especially with the playlist features. Why does the app not allow the users to preview what's inside the album and playlist? How do the users suppose to get to discover more music? Besides, without the aid of an image, it is also difficult to glance at the self-created playlist. Now I'm more prefer to use the desktop more than the mobile app. Do bring back the previous features, really having a bad user experience right now",269 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
378,Vincent Jones,"December 9, 2022","A fantastic way to have ads beamed directly into your ears! Have you ever been listening to music and found yourself thinking ""I wish I could listen to three adds per two songs, fifteen or more ads per thirty minutes of music would be great!"" If so, then this app's for you! I'm mostly using it for the podcatching feature, and let's be honest... that's not a good feature for them either.",298 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
379,Salvatore Rocco,"December 22, 2022","Good app for music, of course there's advertisements and of course their just as loud as your music. However, the worst feature in my opinion that they have ever added, and is the reason I don't use the app and felt the need to comment this. Is their ""enhance"" feature which i am unable to turn off. They put random songs in Playlists I create which completely throws off the entire mood of the playlist. Supposedly it can be shut off but that button magically disappeared, hopefully they'll fix that",18 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
380,Evie Percle,"December 11, 2022","Recently, when I close the app out, I'll open it back up and it'll say my playlist is on shuffle. So I skip the song it was in the middle of instead of starting it over, but it glitches out and stops playing entirely. I have to go in and manually pick a song which is hard enough as it is (my playlist is straight bangers 🤤🤤) But sometimes I have to completely restart the app. Other than that, it works perfect and I love it <33",29 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
381,Unayzatul Mushtaha,"December 14, 2022","the app used to run perfectly fine but recently, some of my playlists haven't been working. it plays one song but afterwards it doesn't move on to the next and just freezes. I can't fix this by exiting the app, checking my network or skipping a song, I have to exit the playlist, play another song/ playlist and then go back onto the original playlist. this is very inconvenient because I need to be able to listen without having to physically do anything. please fix",14 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
382,Emily Hanke,"December 10, 2022",The new update is awful. I cannot continue a playlist if I leave the app. I cannot play an entire playlist with the button on top as it seems to have stopped working. I like to pick up where I left off and this is frustrating me to no end. What happened? I've used Spotify for YEARS. I will switch if it doesn't AT LEAST start allowing me to save where I'm at in the playlist when I leave the app and come back.,25 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
383,Linda Mars-Mzoughi,"December 12, 2022","Though I don't like ads, I do like that they give you 30 straight minutes of uninterrupted listening if you watch an ad. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because I wish they would play more of the popular songs by my an artist when shuffling the music. For some reason, more of the less known songs play consecutively and before you know it your 30 minutes are up, but you haven't heard any of of your favorites. I do like hearing some of the more odd songs, but it needs to be more of a mix.",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
384,Remus Dascalu,"December 15, 2022","Full of bugs on Android 13, especially after the lastest updates. If you pause the music for a longer period of time, when you resume the current track just jumps back to the first track in the playlist. In poor network conditions nothing will load so you just can't enable offline mode. The music just stops all by itself even though the app is still open. It just won't play any song you try to select until you restart the app. Really considering switching the whole family to yt music.",17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
385,Eliora Tickner,"December 4, 2022","Overall a really good experience for years. I have a lot of liked songs and Spotify keeps deleting songs off my liked list of songs. I don't know why and I never had this problem until a couple months ago. I didn't say anything about it and hoped it would resolve, that it was just a bug or something, but it keeps happening. Otherwise a great selection of music but you can only really enjoy the app experience if you have premium.",143 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
386,Pierre Paradis,"December 13, 2022","Love the app... usually. Latest update however introduced some qol issues that are really annoying. Can't keep playing my playlist after merely pausing it for a while and then resuming, it gets stuck on the last song played. Can't even skip forward or backward either. Sometimes it won't even let me start over until I manually close the app first. I'm not using the free version btw, so paying for that kind of experience is doubly frustrating...",22 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
387,Jeffrey Bouchard,"January 23, 2023","Worst UI update I've ever seen. When you tap on a song title, it used to take you to the album that the song is on. Now, it just takes you to your playlist with the song in it. Also putting the song name and artist name on top? These redesigns are getting kind of dumb. The title and artist name lower are closer to you thumb on the phone so you can tap it. Finally, you guys removed the ""shuffle"" and ""repeat"" button from the UI, please put it back and fix the whole thing, I'm not a beta tester.",151 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
388,Darcy Arnall,"December 14, 2022","I use Spotify every single day, and it usually works very well. But over the last week or so, it keeps crashing. I will reach the end of a song or ad break, and the app just stops. And when I try to open it up to start the music again, it won't show what I'm currently playing at the bottom of the screen. I've tried deleting and reinstalling the app and deleting my cache, but that didn't fix anything. I would really like for this bug to be fixed because right now the app is barely usable.",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
389,Donquixote Trollflamingo,"December 28, 2022","I had been trying Spotify for about a week now to listen to podcasts at work, and I have been mostly enjoying it. Then at the end of the week it started cutting out during podcasts a few times and would have to replay the same part. It only happened a few times and would work fine when I replayed it so I figured it wasn't that big of a deal. I decide to hold off on getting the premium version though. After the holidays it is cutting out A LOT and repeatedly even if you try to replay it.",23 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
390,SilentCreed,"December 12, 2022","If I'm in a location with just data, and the data gets a little choppy mid song. It'll completely pause my music. If I press play, even when I have internet connected, it won't play my Playlist. To get it to work I've had to Uninstall and reinstall. I've done this about 4 times. It fixes it, but it's annoying having to reinstall the same thing over and over again.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
391,maks,"December 8, 2022","The ads are super annoying. When you search for a song and click on it, it will take you to a random one instead. Now with the update, you can't ""preview"" songs, to see what they sound like, which I really hate. Some playlists just show artists and songs in it, but you can't click into the description to see which are in the playlist, you have to play the playlist instead. Only good thing is it recommending new music. I'm not willing to pay if I cant have good basic features for free. L app.",53 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
392,Katie Quinn,"December 15, 2022","Lately my Spotify app will play a song and then stop playing completely. I have to change playlists and it will play (sometimes). I have restarted my phone multiple times, I completely exit the app and try again. This has been going on for about a week and a half. Also, I do pay for a subscription, and it has not been working consistently. This problem is not every time that I play Spotify, however, it has been going on long enough that it's very annoying. Spotify, please send help!",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
393,Kelli Clark,"December 28, 2022","I have a premium account, have had it for several years now, and I use it every single day!! So I'd *LOVE* to know what happened within the past 2-3 days that's causing this problem y. I can't listen to any playlist without it repeating the same song(s) over & over again. I restarted app & phone several times w/ no luck. I can pick any random playlist - one or more songs will decide to be looped repeatedly in the queue, without me doing anything to trigger it. Not cool, Spotify. Fix this!!",8 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
394,Smol Lemon,"December 24, 2022","Okay, what the heck happened? Everytime I click on playlists I have created, it only shows the song titles as if it were a description of the playlist. There are no more images/songs in order that I have put them that you can see when you normally open it. I can only see them if I click on the edit playlist button, but that only plays previews of added songs? I cleared cache, data, and uninstalled and it still hasn't fixed it. It is not my wifi or data either. What happened?",53 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
395,Tony González,"December 29, 2022","Hey, guys, all good, but I've been having this issue where I'd be listening to music offline (because I set the app offline as there is a switch for it) and after a few hours, the app just closes itself and logs me out for no reason. And, since I left it ""offline"", once I try to log back in, it won't let me, saying that I'm not connected to the Internet, and the only way to solve it is by reinstalling the app and redownloading the playlists, which becomes really annoying. Hope you can solve it!",13 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
396,forrest,"January 4, 2023","its an incredible free music listening app, the only big thing that I don't like about the (free) mobile version is that you're unable to look at an artists discography or even the contents of an album/ep/single, it's discouraging to say the least when you're just trying to make a playlist and you cant even look through an artists discography properly. thats the only main thing I don't like about the app.",8 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
397,Charlene Asbury,"December 21, 2022","I love this app, only one complaint. It'll cut out and either pause the song, or pause it and it'll be back at the beginning. It's SO annoying. I do not know how to fix it. Pandora never just cut out like this. I'm on both wifi & cell service when this happens. I'm going to try uninstalling and reinstalling, in the hope this'll fix the issue. If this was fixed, I'd give 5 stars.",10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
398,Athena Juarez,"December 20, 2022","This app is very fun and usefully for when doing school or just when bored! Though a few things should be updated. I wish there were more skips like, 10? And also every now and then I will try to skip a song but then it wouldnt skip, so I press the skip button a few times and apparently I was wasting my skips even though I've only skipped one song. Very annoying. And one last thing, sometimes when playing a playlist it would play one song and then just, stop. Even when my internet is fine.",8 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
399,Alejandro Ahmad Gabriel,"January 24, 2023",Great app. I love listening to music. But It's always saying no internet even though the internet is very good. I checked myself. The signal is very good. I even had my tablet right next to the wifi box and Spotify still kept going offline. I'm not sure if it's just a glitch or something but it makes it complicated to listen to music. I would understand if I was away from wifi but this is just strange to me.,60 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
400,amechi chibuzor,"December 30, 2022","I have always loved my Spotify. However in the last one week, songs just stop playing halfway for no reason. And then restarts when I try to play it again. I have restarted my phone, updated the app, checked all settings and all OK. This never happens in the past. Is there something wrong with this recent update? It makes no sense that songs stop midway and you can't seem to know what the problem is.",81 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
401,ghost bonez,"December 8, 2022","This app used to be my favorite for music. However, the new updates have ruined it. It keeps glitching and won't play songs, it won't load songs even when I have a great signal, and I can't even preview what's in a playlist anymore. Plus, why does the computer version have so many more features that are only available on mobile with premium? It's stupid. This app has been so downgraded.",139 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
402,kayla,"December 8, 2022","I love this app. ads are abundant, but I have free premium right now so it's not an issue. best app for playing music; 5/5 😊 edit 12/08/2022: I'm taking off a star because of a stupid glitch that makes it unable to play my music. i close out of the app to skip an ad and when I open back up the music won't play so I have to shuffle a different playlist. this happens every time there is an ad.",21 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
403,Nicole Nunez,"December 12, 2022","The most recent update screwed something up with the app. I can listen to a few songs then try to skip a song and it won't let me switch. I'll go to my playlist and try to select a song and it still won't play. I have to close the app all the way just to play another song. I also can't get the shuffle option, that adds songs like I listen to, to turn off.",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
404,bubbles,"December 17, 2022","I can tolerate the adds, but every time I want to listen to a certain song I have to listen to a million more before it, and I can only skip 6 times/hour that is incredibly annoying. And now I can't even edit MY OWN playlist. I cannot remove songs, mine or the ones Spotify added, only add songs, and I don't know if this is just another punishment for non-premium users but it needs fixed NOW. And I did re-install. Didn't work. Please fix it as soon as possible, thank you.",29 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
405,Stephen,"December 2, 2022",I can't stand the new thing about you adding songs to a playlist that I don't even like. And the stupid thing that they play songs that aren't even on the album I wanted to listen too. Also the way I can only skip 6 songs an hour. And I might as well add the doing away with the list of songs on the albums really sucks. This whole new format BITES !! I can't afford premium right now. So for now I'm uninstalling you guys. BYE until you go back to the original free set up . I used to love this app.,26 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
406,Susan Coelho,"December 12, 2022","The app is great at the beginning. You get to choose the artists that you enjoy listening to and can even make playlists of your favorite songs. After about maybe a week using the app you can no longer make choices and have limited access to your playlists unless you pay for a subscription. Without the subscription, they give you a bunch of playlists to choose from and you can still hear many of your song choices even though some are overplayed. But with that in mind, the service is decent.",16 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
407,Ashley Dennis,"January 12, 2023","Still get ads even though I pay for premium. No ads on the same podcast on desk top. When I messaged about it I was told it just happens and there is nothing they will do. These are not part of the podcast, it stops the podcast and says advertisement. This only happens on the phone app, not at all on the desktop site. It is an issue with the app that they refused to do anything to fix it, so if you don't mind paying for ads this is the app for you!",22 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
408,Isa Bulat,"December 22, 2022","It's alright. I just need a explanation why it's almost completely unusable and unlovable on phone. On every other device except your phone, you can rewind songs, skip forth and back and there is very little ads. However on a phone, you cannot skip songs like on other devices and there is an ad every 2 songs. I use Spotify on a laptop and on a tablet so I'm loving it there but it's useless on a phone. The app is good and all but I really despise this difference it makes when using a phone.",56 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
409,Adam Czerniak,"December 11, 2022","I've been using Spotify for about 6 years or so, but this app is getting worse each update it gets. After the last one, I've been having random crashes- song stops playing and play/pause, skip, previous song buttons just disappear- if i still want to finish listening to the song app has crashed on I have to go to my playlist, find a song and replay it. It is annoying especially when it happens so often, yesterday the app crashed three in just 5 minutes. Also, it happened on other devices as well",24 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
410,Melissa Banda,"December 14, 2022","I don't know what's going on, but when I want to continue listening to my Playlist, it starts from the top, or randomly instead of continuing where I left off. This is frustrating especially when I'm driving. Worst of all, it won't even play the other songs in the Playlist, it just loops songs it already played. Especially in offline mode, or when I don't have network",297 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
411,James Poidog,"December 22, 2022","So for the most part this app is better than SoundCloud (which I've invested a lot of time and energy into). The pluses are that there's no commercials (huge +), music is easy to find and make lists of. Edit 12-22-22: apparently I was way wrong 🙄, it was some promotion. Now it actually has more commercials than SoundCloud, plus you can't go back to repeat the music, and the playlist won't even show. Lol this app which I thought was better, is actually worse 🤣 Hard Pass",29 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
412,ari schlumbohm,"December 14, 2022","As said on other people's reviews, app hasn't been playing two songs in a row lately without needing a reset. This is especially true when you pause and go to resume listening later. I've had the app for years and I've had to uninstall and reinstall at least once daily every day for the past week. And finals week is a really rough week for unreliable music services.",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
413,Jobim Zeichner,"December 14, 2022","I like Spotify, and they've fixed a few bugs that I had previously left reviews about, so good job Spotify I guess, but recently I've had a problem with losing my queue when I exit the app, even momentarily. And also, with crossfade on, and the sleep timer set for the end of track, the song cuts off at the start of the fade, instead of finishing that song and not playing the next song. If the sleep timer's set for end of track, you should hear the end of track and not hear the next track at all.",35 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
414,Ella Rosia,"December 4, 2022","It was perfect in the beginning, but after a while it had a weird update that just happened, after the update it was playing songs that I didn't want and didn't even play them in order, whenever I tried to play a song, it played something else that I didn't want to listen to, if they removed it, I would love the app so much, but I've made two accounts and deleted it and reinstalled it but it's still there. Would recommend in the beginning, but after a while, would NOT recommend at all.",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
415,simon david,"December 9, 2022","How can I rate higher when we pay money for premium and it doesn't work properly. I Start playing music and the first track works fine (most of the time) then the next track makes the app freeze and stop playing music. Ok so you're probably thinking, he doesn't have a good mobile network signal, that's what I thought so I downloaded the music to play offline, same issue. These issues started about 5 days ago and nothing I've tried has fixed it.",213 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
416,Mitch Martin,"December 11, 2022","I always use spotify, its the only thing I use to listen to music constantly. The recent update has made it glitchy though. My liked song usually have categories to separate them, yet the labels blur and murge into each other. At times when I go to play a playlist the song already playing pops up and I have to close the window. Other than the bugs, my only other complaint is that there are too many ads without premium. Which ruins the experience until youre used to it.",24 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
417,Chuka Ogbonna,"December 27, 2022","Wonderful app. I've watched and read a lot of reviews comparing Spotify to a bunch of other music streaming services and, in my opinion, it's a clear winner. One thing I really love is that they're a relatively focused company unlike Apple and Alphabet (Google),so they are constantly improving. Also, when it comes to the features of the free version, Spotify is leagues ahead of its competitors. It has more flexibility too, not to mention it's sleek UI. I think this is the best music app ever 👍",239 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
418,Rachael Robson,"December 14, 2022","Recent issues, playlists won't play through, gets stuck on a loop of select songs or it will play so many songs, then stop completely. I have to shut the app down and reopen it to make it work again. However, it only works for a few songs then back to stopping or looping. Have checked all settings. Disappointing when you're driving and the music cuts off!",17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
419,Christina Curtis,"January 13, 2023","I used to love this app. However, more and more, it randomly freezes up and the app doesn't respond. I keep having to restart the app and then it so continues to stop mid song. Pretty horrible, especially when you pay for premium. Thinking of switch to a different music streaming service since this one is causing so much frustration lately.",86 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
420,Anna Williams,"January 4, 2023","It's a really good music app, and I've used it for a long time, but... I'm playing my playlist and all of a sudden it switches to a bunch of songs that I don't even have in there (trust me I've quadruple checked 😭) and it still says I'm on MY playlist that im currently playing and so I have to switch to a different playlist... Or, it stops playing after a couple songs, etc. Also, too many adds. I understand y'all have to make money somehow, but geez. I get like 4 for every 2 songs I play 💀",7 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
421,0pp0sitesDailY,"December 10, 2022","The music is good and free, but the freedom comes at a price. The price is 5 unskippable ads after every 6 or so songs that you try to skip. Some playlists you can't skip through and are confined to only 6 skips per hour. Premium is 10 a month. Just get it cuz it's not worth waiting for ads to end so you can listen to your music, only to be interrupted by a couple more ads a couple songs later.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
422,Katie Paluscsak,"January 8, 2023","Every time I try to listen to a playlist made for me, it will play through 3 or 4 songs then start right back at the beginning. This happens when playing from the start of the playlist or in shuffle. It will continually play the same 3 or 4 songs over and over again unless you physically choose the next song. Never used to do that. Kind of defeats the purpose if you're constantly having to go change the song.",20 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
423,Julie G,"December 10, 2022","I switched to Spotify in November from Amazon Music because the Amazon Music app has been crashing everyday for the last several months, even with updates to the app. The first Spotify update I do and now there are issues. When returning to my music session, it stops playing after finishing the song it was on. I have to restart the app. I pay to use these apps. If it were free, I would understand because you get what you pay for. I am NOT getting what I am paying for.",17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
424,Ufuk K. Ergin,"December 13, 2022","Lots of bugs. For example, did you ever test whether or not the song cover art shown on notification at the top matches the one in the application? If you skip a song, the art cover stays the same incorrectly at the notification at the top as you move to different songs. Also, the application shows that it is playing a song, but song controls in the app, audio, the ability to ""stop"" the play are missing. Another bug, ""add to your episodes"" option from the notification bar does not seem to work.",59 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
425,G W,"January 8, 2023","My grandson told me about Spotify a couple of years ago. I have been enjoying it since then. I have a couple thousand songs in my library, classical, jazz, old and classic country, celtic, religious , classic rock and roll, and later. This is The Awesome Site for music lovers. I have the free app, but there are some small inconviences. First, I'm limited to 6 song skips, with Premium I will have unlimited skips. Second, commercials are every few minutes, with premium, there are no commercials.",77 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
426,Mrs. J. S.,"December 18, 2022","The most recent update has caused a ton of issues. The ""skip to next track"" button has disappeared on my controls, tracks won't start playing until several mins after I hit play, & every time I close & reopen the app, I have to re-sort my playlists to ""Unplayed"". Also, the app seems to be unable to play tracks in the order they appear on the list. Instead, it jumps around & sometimes replays tracks I've already heard, as though it's set to shuffle. Very frustrating when listening to Podcasts.",18 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
427,Olivia Kapitowska,"December 14, 2022","Ever since the new Spotify Wrapped came out, it's been malfunctioning on my laptop and my phone: when I'm in the middle of a song it'll just completely cut out and/or exit out of the app. Not only that, but I get ads after almost every single song and takes forever to get through, and I can't play a song even when I click on the playlist. I really hope you can fix this soon, I really don't enjoy having to deal with this.",45 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
428,Matt tS,"December 29, 2022","REALLY don't like the auto play feature as soon as I get into the car. It's annoying that whatever Podcast you were listening to plays immediately. Spotify doesn't make it easy for users to turn off auto play on Droid either. Seems like the only way to stop it is to keep my phone disconnected from Bluetooth, BUT I run businesses and need to be hands free when driving.",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
429,Federico D'Aprile,"December 9, 2022","Excellent app, both as a music library and as an easy and intuitive interface, even the prediction algorithm I must say that works quite well, that's why I had put 5 stars which I had to lower to 3, after a recent update once I reopened the app to continue a playlist play 1 song but none of the subsequent ones in the current playlist. I hope the problem is resolved soon.",16 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
430,Kandy Death,"December 24, 2022","I've been a customer for years, but within the past year or more the music just shuts off completely. It does it when im driving all the time through the bluetooth in my car. Then I have to go and refresh it while I'm driving and it starts from the beginning of the song again. I can't even listen to a full song without it stopping. I'm getting extremely frustrated. It also stops randomly while I'm listening on my ear buds. I listen to music all the time. This is very obnoxious.",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
431,Amelia H,"January 14, 2023","I cannot believe I have premium for this app. It will not function on my phone or my laptop. Whenever I click on a song, it will only play for 5 to 10 seconds before stopping, or it will not play at all. I know this is not a wi-fi issue as every other online platform works as intended. I tried switching to my laptop, and after an upwards of 2 seconds of being on a song, it would skip, and keep skipping to the next songs. I have reinstalled and it still does not work. Do not download this app.",73 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
432,•Karma Akabane•,"December 31, 2022","Good app, I use it for most of my music, like every single day. Been using for a few years now but recently my playlists are glitchy. Like it'll be playing a song halfway through the playlist and then randomly restart from the beginning even if there are more songs. It gets really irritating. I deleted and redownload the app because of this; now it seems like more than half of my playlists are missing in the library and I can no longer use the ""recently played"" filter. Great app, weird updates.",8 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
433,Sara Garifullina,"December 13, 2022","I have a subscription and all in all its ok (hate the dark interface though and couldn't find a way to change that yet). Let's face it - the app is also full of bugs. For the last 9(!) hours I've been staring at a notification bar of my fairly new Pixel 7 with some Spotify download that never ends even with perfect WiFi connection. It's not the best and if you have an alternative - use it. Unfortunately, there aren't many 🤷🏻‍♀️",12 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
434,Lux Bland,"December 9, 2022","I created a playlist full of my favorite songs and I've loved it. WITHOUT PREMIUM, I can do what I like. Well, now all of a sudden...I cannot for the life of me play a single song in my playlist. Can't shuffle nor get anything that isn't saved to play. I have the storage, I have the latest version, I've even logged out and logged back in! I can't fix this problem. The pc version was always better. I'll head back to YouTube Music, because holy cow.",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
435,Lydia Johnson,"December 8, 2022","It's a good app, although since I updated it yesterday, my music will stop randomly and if I try to skip a song, the screen will be stuck on the same song and it won't let me skip it. Then because I can't skip it I have to reply my playlist. I know for sure that this isn't on my end. People are paying for this app, it should be working better than this. Not to mention that it seems every time I update this app there's a new problem. Please fix this it's very frustrating.",25 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
436,Carah Bliss,"January 14, 2023","Recently, whenever I play my playlist, it plays the first few seconds of the song before cutting out and refusing to play. This is made even more frustrating by the fact you can't clear your queue so whenever it happens I have to find a random other playlist to play before going back. I think it's dumb you can't clear your queue and instead have to delete songs manually, which is impossible if you shuffled a big playlist. It's weird there's no 'stop' button and only a pause button.",68 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
437,Sadie,"December 11, 2022","Don't know if this is just a premium feature, but it shouldn't be. I can't open any song lists unless it's a playlist that I have made myself. For instance, every time a new album is released, I like to go and open the song list to add the new songs to my new music playlist. Now I'll simply have to google the song list and look up every single new song in an album. Though miniscule, this is something that is very frustrating. I don't want to individually type in and add 20+ songs from an album.",21 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
438,Jeremy Hudgins,"January 2, 2023",Now I remember why it originally deleted this app. They don't allow you to choose what music you listen to. You have to listen to it as if it is on the radio. You are limited to 6 skips an hour! What the heck!??? They allow you to do whatever you want on the browser to the point they block phones from using desktop mode. This sucks. This is why I just steal the music. $9.99 to listen to music that's on YouTube for free that can just be listened to on browser in desktop mode is completely insane.,12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
439,Alex,"December 9, 2022","UPDATE: I held Spotify in the highest esteem for the last year. The last few updates have dampened my enthusiasm. It started with the inability to download songs/playlists; not the end of the world, but it was vexing. I figured the next update or two would sort that out, but the app experience got exponentially worse! Now the app crashes occasionally, fails to play songs, and does weird stuff like starting by itself, going to the radio feature mid-playlist shuffle, etc. Might switch services.",116 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
440,Jackson Bullard,"January 11, 2023","Student plan is an excellent value. However, Spotify has a huge problem where the shuffle mechanic starts repeating the exact same sequence of songs repeatedly after having the app for a while. The only fix is reinstalling. Also, if you're on a very slow network but want to play a downloaded song, the song will sometimes fail to load completely. You have to explicitly turn on offline mode or your phone's airplane mode in order to play the downloaded version of the song.",20 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
441,bag of bees,"January 7, 2023","Quite literally unusable unless you plan on paying for premuim. It's really just youtube music without any ability to actually pick and choose what you want to hear; everything is shuffle only, and tends to give you ""recommended"" music that isn't related to what you want if it deems a playlist/discography too short. Not worth it if you don't want to pay 10 bucks a month forever. I know this review won't impact the state of the app but I felt like saying it regardless. Terrible experience.",15 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
442,Kasedezu,"December 18, 2022",This latest update has introduced a myriad of bugs that are very inconvenient. The new layout seems to have broken something. Every 2-3 songs the app will just stop playing and act as if I was never listening to music. I have to play another playlist and comeback to my original playlist to fix the issue. Many others are experiencing the same thing.,28 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
443,Libby Olroyd,"December 14, 2022","In general, I like Spotify and the app. I use it for all my music. My account has ~3,000 songs saved. I also have a couple playlists, but mostly I just want to shuffle my songs. My one complaint: I have tried EVERYTHING, but when I shuffle, it cycles through the same couple dozen songs. Incredibly annoying. I know it has an algorithm that's supposed to make listening better, but I would love a TRUE shuffle button. There's songs I haven't heard in years on my playlist although I play it every day",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
444,Quinn,"January 22, 2023","A little unintuitive to navigate to recently played music, and album art takes up too much of the screen when you click on a song, but otherwise works extremely well for listening to music, making playlists, finding new music, et cetera. It's unfortunate that you can't add your own audio files to it, but I know it's not really built for that.",105 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
445,Nils S,"December 21, 2022","Songs will just stop playing/making sound halfway through a song, while the timer continues. It's hard to fathom how this app can be so beset with problems each time an update is released. Would be one thing if it was free, but for a paid service, it's very disappointing. Time to re-explore the alternative options for music streaming...",50 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
446,Miranda Maul,"December 29, 2022","Very bad at connecting to Google Home. Most of the time, it won't connect the first time and then, when it finally does, it changes what I'm listening to back to the last thing I had been listening to. And I have to go back into the app and through my library to find what was supposed to start playing. Also glitches/skips a lot when I'm connected to bluetooth headphones.",10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
447,Shakira Greenlee,"December 21, 2022","I used to like this app. Then the new update took away all the convenient features and totally ruined the experience. You messed up, Spotify. I'd rather listen to Pandora music 😮‍💨. Edit: They changed it back!!! The bugs (from what I've seen) have been fixed and I can preview tracks in my Playlist again🥳. Guess Spotify saw their reviews tanking 🤷 Edit: it went back",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
448,Ashley Thomas,"December 12, 2022","I love this app; I have used it daily for years..but since the new update, its very glitchy. The play button on my playlists do not work. If I'm listening to a song and close the app, the song will play after I reopen the app, but then it stops shuffling songs after; I have to reopen my playlist and select a new song to continue listening. The song queue is being weird as well; sometimes it works. This app is still usable; but these glitches are annoying since I'm paying for premium.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
449,Ryan Kim,"December 13, 2022",I really like it and I understand the meaning of ads and premium. However its so bad that every song I listen to there's an ad. The 30 min doesn't even work because a minute after listening to 2-3 songs it'll go to ads. It also works and stops when I like leave and come back to the app and it normally keeps playing but now even if I press the play button nothing works. This needs to be fixed so bad otherwise it's basically useless,9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
450,Ethan Ames-Adams,"January 11, 2023","As someone who has used this app since 2016 you can tell that the developers don't care anymore. Spotify is complacent. As other reviews say every update makes the app worse. For example cross-fade now isn't turned off for albums like it used to be, so album tracks blend in to one another. Also if you're listening to a playlist, stop listening to it, go back onto Spotify later in the day and press play, 1. The song won't play, and 2. The playlist won't play in order. It really is pathetic.",74 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
451,Kimimela Picard,"December 24, 2022","The app can be pretty good, but sadly it is always stuck in shuffle and you can never repeat a song. The app nowadays is so frustrating to even use, you can't even view your songs really anymore. You can only have a preview and are stuck in shuffle. Not only that, you have to pay in order to get unlimited number of skips which you can do on any other music app.",108 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
452,Tim H,"January 5, 2023","Spotify is fine, a decent service for listening to music. The problem I have and have had for a bunch of app updates now is that Spotify must be listening for device state changes and automatically starting the service based on that change. My Bluetooth headset is connected to 2 phones (work and personal), when I end a call on my work phone, Spotify starts playing on my personal phone. It never used to do this nonsense.",20 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
453,Emma Stranger,"December 9, 2022","I love Spotify it let's me listen to music with my phone off because I have a time limit but when it says ""30 minutes of uninterrupted listening"" it does not mean it. Also when I want to listen to one specific song it puts it in a random playlist and you can't skip any songs so you gotta go through the entire app for like 30 minutes until you can finally find the one song you were looking for. Also when you make your own playlist it randomly adds songs it thinks you will like and it annoying",8 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
454,Anirban Samanta,"December 12, 2022","Must have app for me. I pay for premium, but their shuffle algorithm is trash, it keeps playing more or less the same set of songs. Lot of features added over the years but they still can't figure out how to randomize a selection. I guess the code to do that is missing in stackexchange. If not that, then 5 stars.",5 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
455,Heather P.,"December 13, 2022","Having the same issue after the most recent update as a lot of people. I think it's usually fine if I've had the playlist going; it's when I stop for awhile and go to pick it back up that it freezes and the controls in the app vanish. Won't respond to pushing play from the notifications pane, earbuds, or Car Thing (though in that case it's easier to hit a preset to restart it). Otherwise have to go fully back into the app.",7 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
456,Caryl Freeman,"December 9, 2022","If I could leave less than 1 star I would. Sadly this app has everything I wanted! All the music I love and all the podcast too! So what's the problem? It (the Spotify app) wants to tell me what I should listen to. I want to hit my playlist and listen to ""MY PLAYLIST,"" but 3 or 4 songs later it plays it's suggested music. I DON'T want Spotify's RECOMMENDATIONS! If there is a way to stop this tell me. I'm not going to pay for an app that is no different than a free radio station.",18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
457,Dmytro Prykhodko,"January 19, 2023","It was perfect up until recently. The app started to drain my phone's battery as hell. It also won't launch from time to time or won't open a playlist until after a minute of waiting. Also, a weird one: when in offline mode, the app still tries to load something when I click on the likes songs playlist, etc. Guys, pls fix this. Otherwise, the service is real good.",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
458,Courtney Desenberg,"December 13, 2022",Was working great. I don't pay for the ad free. But I'm noticing the same 20 songs playing in a playlist even though there's plenty in it. Also my playlist will play a few songs then just stop. Won't let me play it again. I have to close and restart the app and most of the time that doesn't even work. And I end up having to choose a different playlist to listen to.,3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
459,Mariah,"December 9, 2022","Love the app, but writing a quick review to address a problem I just noticed. After I close out my playlist and boot it up again, the playlist crashes when I try skipping to the next song. First time this has happened for me, and maybe it's being fixed, but I wanted to put people aware to it all the same. 5 stars once this is fixed!",7 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
460,Augusto Bonito,"January 14, 2023","I'm going to give it a 4 stars because although it is my only streaming platform I'm willing to pay, it also has some bug when I try to play a song. Sometimes I accidentally change a song when I'm beginning to listen to another one, so afterwards, when I go back to the song I cut off, it won't play. Unless I uninstall and install again. It's weird and it had happened with a lot of music, it sometimes also says ""unavailable"" even tho I heard it before or it is recommended to me. Really odd.",42 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
461,The Merry Meat Man,"December 13, 2022","Normal services for the app are great, use it daily for my regular music listening. Premium is worth the grab for me. But, a recent update has broken the app on a fundamental level. Any time I stop playback and then reopen the app, it's a crapshoot on whether the app will freeze and then crash, requiring multiple attempts to stop and reopen the app before it works properly again.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
462,Rhianna Accetturo,"December 8, 2022","Absolute garbage. I click a song and it plays something I don't recognize. I try on the web browser app, click the song I want to hear and it plays some OTHER song I don't know or care about. It won't play through an album of one artist even if it DOES play the first song I asked for, and instead just skips to something completely different. Frustrating and not worth my time or phone battery.",25 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
463,M D,"December 12, 2022","Ever since your most recent update, when I play a Spotify Playlist through a Bluetooth connection, it'll play for one song, then the app freezes and half shuts down. What I mean by that is normally Spotify holds your current or last song played in the ready-to-play position. But said song completely disappears. So you end up having to close the app, re-open it, and suddenly there it is",25 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
464,E. Arnold,"December 24, 2022","Thought this was gonna be a good replacement for the trash Amazon Music app. It was cool at first and allowed me to search a specific song and then play it. Now all of a sudden it's playing ""similar"" songs instead. Oh well. I guess I'll just listen to my music on YouTube. I don't mind ads as long as I can play exactly what I'm searching for. Uninstalled",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
465,Ashlee Massai,"January 2, 2023","Love them as an Alternative to Google Music, as the options are near endless and there have been less than a handful of songs I've not been able to find! You can create your own playlists, you can tune in on others' playlists and there's endless recommendations to keep you loving your favorites and open you to new sounds. My only major issue is non-premium listening results in Too Many ads, literally a bundle to hear after Each song played. Fix that and this app is perfect!",30 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
466,Paul Lynch,"December 12, 2022","Something has gone badly wrong with the Spotify app. Suddenly I find that when playing my playlist on shuffle, it only plays 1 song, then locks up. Nothing can cure this apart from choosing another playlist, selecting something from it, then going back to my playlist. If I'm lucky, it'll play. Mostly it doesn't. Even uninstall doesn't cure it. Dreadful. Please fix it",18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
467,Hekz,"December 17, 2022","I have the Spotify subscription service and lately the app it's being acting up. The music stops playing after every song and the app doesn't respond to anything so I have to close and reopen the app. The app takes forever to load (this is not new). I tried restarting the phone, uninstalling and reinstalling the app but it seems to be an issue with the latest version. I hope they fix those major issues or I will have to switching my membership to another music service provider.",68 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
468,Sage D,"January 18, 2023","Why does the play button at the top of a playlist no longer reset queue and play the playlist? It doesn't even work at all half the time! Ive had the same version of the app since last year and it worked fine and intuitively, but this new version makes no sense. Fall out boy won't leave. I can't play a playlist easily. Why no easy way to reset my queue? I should have known better than to update the app for the stupid wrapped thing.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
469,Seth Robinson,"December 8, 2022","It does play music. If you want that music to play uninterrupted, you are going to have to keep opening your phone. For some reason, it will randomly decide to have trouble playing. My music is downloaded to my phone, yet multiple times a day, it will stop playing, and I have to close the app, re open it, and choose a different song or different Playlist to get it to start playing again.",7 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
470,Mia Mamone,"December 3, 2022","Giving me issues lately. Displaying the wrong song, stops playing randomly. I pay monthly for this service, it needs to be better I left this review months ago, and now I'm having skipping issues. Literally 5 songs back to back, skipped and then 30 seconds into a song, no audio output. What the hell? I logged out, logged back in, changed wifi settings, still an issue.",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
471,Liam Prior,"January 24, 2023","Getting worse by the day, often incapable of connecting to the internet even when I have full service and other apps have no problem. Rarely able to load up the app and resume playing what I had playing hours or even minutes before. This app used to work really well like two years ago, they really need to fix the download functionality, I shouldn't have to switch to offline mode for the app to recognize a song or podcast I want to play is already downloaded. Disappointed.",8 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
472,Diego Castillo,"January 4, 2023","I like this app, it let's me listen to music without having me have my device on. I don't have premium, and I'm fine with the ads despite being 1-2 minutes. But then my playlists are shuffled, there are random songs there, and it doesn't let me skip them. I don't like this one bit, and there's no need for this. Please get rid of this, but it probably won't happen.",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
473,Hankth Spankth,"December 18, 2022","I've been a long time user of Spotify, so believe me when I say, that this new version is such garbage. I can't listen to any podcasts, it just, stops playing. I've been trying everything to fix this. But nothing is working. I even cleared cache and all data from my phone, but nothing, and I mean nothing, is working. My internet connection is fine, I used to be able to listen with just my data, but now neither are working.",11 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
474,Ryan Agner,"December 13, 2022",Ever since the most recent update I can't even listen to more than 3 songs without it freezing. Even a full restart on the app doesn't fix the issue. Have uninstalled and reinstalled only for it to either still not work or it freeze again after 1 song. Has a mind of its own on when it wants to play. If only I knew how to cancel my subscription I would.,7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
475,Jeffrey Walters,"January 18, 2023","I have been using the free version of the app on my tablet and computer and it's been wonderful, not many ads you can listen to any song you want and then I tried it on the phone and WOW ITS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! The ads are never ending, you can't pick a song you want(you only have 6 skips hour)and searching up songs is useless because you have to listen to random songs before you get to the song you searched for! I found a glitch when a song ends it plays a song not in my playlist. Please fix",22 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
476,Grace Perez,"December 11, 2022","After this last update, the app is extremely glitchy. Everytime I stop using Spotify (like I get out the car, stop working out, etc.) And come back to it later, it finishes the song it was last on, but then stops playing the playlist all together. When I open the app, everything is blacked out. I have to constantly keep force restarting the app just so it works every. Single. Time. Please correct this",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
477,haylz mac,"December 8, 2022","I love spotify and I've never had a problem with it until now. For some reason, I cannot open another app without the music stopping. I'm able to go back into Spotify and press play again before going back into that specific app, but it's a hassle to continuously go back to Spotify, wait for it to load (which can take up to 3 minutes for some reason) and the press play. I also could be typing (like I am now) and the music stops (which is exactly what happened). Please fix this...",12 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
478,Kayla Rivera,"December 23, 2022","The songs are good and all, but as some people were saying, the app sometimes randomly shuts off and stops playing music. I have to go onto the app to play the music again. It was sometimes after every song. If I just let it be, sometimes it will play again by itself a couple minutes later. Now I have gotten a new phone, so it hasn't done it yet. There also is SO many ads. There has been 2 thirty second ads after every 2 songs, and I hate it.",34 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
479,Jason Parker,"January 22, 2023","Overall, don't get me wrong, spotify is just about the best music streaming app there is. It's very functional, easy to use and has a great sense of personality. HOWEVER, the part that disappoints me is the cost of services. Its not 5 dollars a month or something close its 12 which i think is pretty steep. Not too mention the lack of features of the free version practically forces you to get premium if u want it to be functional.",69 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
480,Robert Stokes,"December 14, 2022","I've had premium for years now, I am not sure if there was a update with the app but the sound quality is not very good anymore. I just got a Google Pixel 7a and this is the only music app that doesn't have good sound. The bass quality isn't good at all along with the sound, I ve tried it in the car, on my Air Pod Pros, and on my Samsung Sound Bar and it's all the same. I've tried the recommended sound settings and it's the same thing. Is anyone else experiencing this issue?",6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
481,Clayton Bounty,"January 2, 2023","Since last month (Dec '22) I have had nothing but problems with the app. The main issue I'm having is everytime I restart my phone, the playlists I have saved on my phone's home screen are greyed out and when pressed it says app not found. Only when I have the Spotify app open and playing for hours will the playlists finally show up in color and accessible. Then when I restart my phone again after a few days, they are back to grey and the process starts all over. It's irritating and annoying.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
482,Melany Escruceria,"December 18, 2022","The last few days the app has been working terrible, glitching, troubles with Playlist, the content doesn't loads correctly, opens and closes frequently; a total mess, I am very stressed out and disappointed about it, I used to enjoy the app because of the different features, now I am extremely annoyed. Besides when the app provides mixes the music is the same in every single one, but in different places; it's pointless at least I for me🤷,The intention with these mixes is having diversity.",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
483,Heather Shipley,"December 11, 2022","Newest update is awful. It plays one song and then stops. I pay for premium and it was great until the new update. Now it plays a single song and stops. I use this when driving and it is dangerous for me to have to keep selecting a song while on the road. The shuffle doesn't want to work now and when I open the queue, nothing is there. Thinking about canceling my subscription.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
484,jeremy phillips,"December 13, 2022",I have premium and app was great! But since the last update or something it has been pretty bad. If I'm driving the music will constantly stop and buffer or not play at all. Even if I exit the app clear cache etc it still will not work properly. And its not a no service issue either. Please look into this I've seen other reviews lately with the same issue.,5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
485,Kory Frankland,"December 5, 2022","Lots of problems: Horrible library management tools. App crashes or stops responding frequently forcing a restart. Can't restart first song in que via external buttons or swipe down menu. Offline playback is an afterthought at best and doesn't ever work well. Queue system is the worst out of any streaming service. 2022: Still no way to shuffle all music by one artist. Really spotify? Edit: just noticed music is disappearing from my ""liked"". Cool.",43 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
486,j g,"December 2, 2022","Over the years have noticed multiple issues. Autoplay will turn on by itself after updates. Music will randomly stop mid-song on it's own. I contacted customer service with little help other than un/reinstall and some backend reset. But it keeps happening over our family plan. With Alexa, the song/album you ask for may not be what is played most of the time, esp. if it's not from big labels. Also noticed that when selecting from the app. Big label artists seem to take priority see: playlists",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
487,Fishy Sakana,"December 29, 2022","Overall, besides the ads and the inability to choose specific songs, Spotify isn't too bad without premium. Fortunately, I haven't been cursed with 6 ads at once (like other people) so my time with this app has been good. Just a suggestion: people who aren't subscribed to premium should be given 6 replays (the backward button thing) along with the 6 skips given per hour. Sometimes, I just have the want to listen to a song over and over.",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
488,Jake Roth,"December 10, 2022","This app gets more broken with every update. The latest problems are playlists not playing when touching the play button, not displaying the song that was last playing when I exited the app for a short time, not turning on car mode, displaying a black screen when opening the currently playing song, having to skip to the next song to get it to play anything when attempting to resume after getting back in my car...the list goes on. Fire your coders and hire someone who knows what they're doing.",18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
489,Ben Coake,"December 22, 2022","Only giving 3 stars following some recent updates. I've had Spotify Premium for many years now and can't fault it - however some of the updates have really hindered my experience. The new UI feels a little clunky and can be difficult to work with at times. Also, there is a new ""smart shuffle"" feature which is useful for discovering new music related to your playlists, but I wish you didn't have to toggle it on in order to play something unshuffled. Hopefully future updates improve this feature.",13 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
490,LocIsEpic,"January 18, 2023","I'm not sure if anyone else has this issue, but with the recent updates of the app, random songs have been appearing on my Playlist. Usually when spotify adds a song, they let you know in the ""Songs we added"" section. But no. I couldn't find it anywhere. And of course I couldn't remove it because it was no where to be seen on the playlist.",296 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
491,P Rod,"January 16, 2023","Only reason I gice it 2 stars is that I've encountered too many songs with the wrong information like the title, many song titles are mixed up & when you click on the song details, it often gives the wrong information about the author. Also, the realease year for the albums is VERY often wrong. I also wish it was easier to arrange songs on a playlist & it would be very helpful to have an option to select multiple tracks on an album in order to add/remove to/from a playlist.",73 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
492,Justin Nguyen,"January 13, 2023","I've been having some issues with. Spotify recently. Sometimes when a song ends on a playlist, it just stays unpaused without playing anything and doesn't let you unpause it. You have to play another playlist and then go back to the playlist you want to play. Then it plays the same song again and I have to use one of my skips on that song. If it weren't for that issue, it would be 5 stars.",20 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
493,Kenny Yates,"January 22, 2023","Spotify is a good app if you're just listening to music, but LORD forbid if you would want to use the extra features they offer, or don't offer would be a better description. For instance, it is so frustrating to take your time to go through your play list and add songs to the queue all to have Spotify delete the whole queue. You go back and do it all over again, like a real moo moo, and Spotify deletes it again. Just Frustrating, that's all!",36 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
494,Alaina,"December 8, 2022","It WAS ok. They got rid of the ability to preview songs, and you can't even see what songs are in an album. The only option is to shuffle, you don't get to look at what's in it. They also got rid of the ability to really edit your playlists. Now you can only add or remove songs; you used to be able to move them to a different playlist and stuff. There's also a new bug I've been having. After every song I have to uninstall and reinstall the app so it can play another. App really went downhill.",27 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
495,I Crider,"January 1, 2023","The new update has made the app chaotic. Stops after a song. Plays the same songs over and over. And unfortunately, does not seem to register when you hit the minus symbol, which allegedly means the app will play that song less often, well, that does not seem to be the case at all. How many times do I have to hit the that symbol for the same song before the app catches on that I really don't want to hear that song at all, much less 18 times a day?",11 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
496,Janine D'Cunha,"December 18, 2022","Lately the app has not been functioning well. It shows that the song is playing but there is no sound. Occasionally the song will play if I restart the song but most of the time it just won't play. This is happening for almost every second song now... the app was great before this, now it is incredibly frustrating. My device is up to date with updates. How do I fix this?",17 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
497,Dude Dudovich,"January 14, 2023",This app used to be perfect. I have to change it to 3 stars because now it very often doesn't work. I have to restart the app several times or wait for a few minutes for the main menu to load. When I'm offline my podcasts refuse to play even if they're downloaded... It annoyed me so much that i decided to write this review. That should speak for itself.,19 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
498,Persis Medina,"December 13, 2022","At first it was great. Now with the latest update, you can't pick your own song playing continuously. You will be forced to listen according to their shuffle songs. Before it was way better as you have a button for reshuffle, replay and repeat (even just for one song that you might like to listen overnight repeatedly). A lot of advertisements too. Hopefully Spotify, take a look on all these issues and get back to the old version. Please. 😏 Or much better switch to another music app 🙄",707 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
499,Tim Green,"December 27, 2022","I got this and it was great. Then i paid for it and ever since then it's got steadily worse with each upgrade, to the point where i'm playing it and if i do anything else like make a call, then after that i start listening to the music again after a song or 2 it stops playing and i have to reset it so it plays properly, very frustrating. It's got to a point where i may look elsewhere, the fact is these days your promised alot after you pay, then they don't deliver on what they promised.",13 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
500,Sigvard Bailey,"December 12, 2022","I'm having a problem with the app, it keeps freezing on a song, and when I go to skip it it doesn't move, even when the song is finished, for example: I am listening to a song that is 3:00 min long, then when it enters its ending phase at 2:57, it will freeze at 2:59 and I can't skip it, and I have to deinstall and reinstall the whole app just to make it work again",8 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
501,Young Freddy,"December 8, 2022","Use to be a great app, so I wanted to give it a try again. Opened it and got 5 ads back to back. Ok annoying but whatever. App then proceeds to break, and not allow me to listen to music or do anything, even after closing and reopening the app multiple times. I finally get the app to work...and it plays some more ads before breaking again. Personally, I think there are better choices out there than an app that just plays ads, but what do I know?",31 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
502,Edward Piekarski,"January 1, 2023","App has been fantastic up until the most recent update. Now playlists randomly stop after a few songs. Checked my settings and it has unrestricted battery and data rights. Don't have a problem with any other streaming. Please fix, it's very annoying to pay for something that doesn't work. Would give 4 stars if it worked properly and 5 stars when they roll out high fidelity streaming which was announced in 2021 but still is in the ether.",115 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
503,Riana Visser,"January 4, 2023","Great app ! Finally found a place where I can listen to music that I like & not what the DJ on the radio likes, interrupted by commercials & talking. Bit difficult to navigate in the beginning but quickly got the hang of it. Can now listen to music i haven't heard in many many years. Large selection of many different types/ albums/ genre's of music",267 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
504,Aaron Newton,"December 19, 2022","While I think Spotify has done a great job at bring music to mobile. The UI and UX pattern could be massively improve. Firstly please can you remove/move the ""hide this song"" item from the options menu. I can't see how much this feature would be used and why it would be next to ""add to playlist"" but I often tap it by mistake. If anything please do one thing and move that to the bottom of the list. Thanks",0,3,spotify
505,Will Softmore,"December 12, 2022","Been using Spotify for years. Used to be great. Now it keeps freezing on opening and the way I used to be able to switch devices from laptop to phone doesn't work. And I don't appreciate getting pop up ads asking me if I want to listen to this or that. As a pro user I pay not to have this garbage. What is the point in ""updating"" if the update breaks what was fine before? Seriously considering switching to another platform like Tidal. Worst thing of all, Spotify rips off artists.",111 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
506,Kriv43_Gaming,"December 25, 2022","The app is fine, for the most part, though spotify will try and force you to listen to suggested songs. Literally just used all 6 skips on nothing but songs i didnt want to hear in the first place. Additionally, your PC app is straight trash, constant crashes, it wont load ads, and just generally has a seizure anytime you try to change a song, or even looking up a song. Just tack it along with all the other mishaps spotify is racking up.",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
507,Kadeem Beresford-James,"December 3, 2022","Redoing my review after the latest update took away a feature I've come to like a lot - adding albums to my home screen made it really easy to make a shortlist of stuff I want to listen to but haven't got around to yet. And now it's gone, and I can't imagine why. App is usually great - doesn't crash randomly anymore which is wonderful - but I miss this feature already and want it back.",28 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
508,Hannaw,"December 11, 2022","(I don't have premium and I'm on mobile.) CONS-The ability to preview songs was removed. There are a bunch of adds. You only get 6 skips per hour. PROS-The amount of music they have is great. The songs they recommend to you are spot on. Spotify has a lot of options, podcasts & shows, audiobooks, biggest hits, popular radio. In all, I would recommend Spotify. The app is nice. However, the little cons build up and get kinda annoying. Overall great app. 👍",9 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
509,Jaquelin Avendano,"December 19, 2022","Idk what's going on with the app lately. I use to sample new music with a little demo instead of listening to the whole music and I would also click om hashtag to sample other genre of music but for some reason it's not available on the app. Also the genre on top of my playlist is not working, I cannot scroll left or right to change it. I hope someone reads this amd fix the issue. I've been using this app for 8years it sucks that I can't use it properly.",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
510,Samuel Mayer,"December 8, 2022",Overall I like the app. But there are changes I would make personally. I would make it easier to block unliked songs permanently the moment you hear them. Rather then having to go searching for the option. And my main concern is that considering the vast amount of music out there. Alot of playlists repeat themselves. I find that my daily mixes also are very repetitive and have barely changed any of the song suggestions since I first started using the app.,63 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
511,Nyla,"January 2, 2023",It's a really great app just have a few things that's wrong with it: I have a free account and there are way to many ads like at least 2 30 second ads after each song. The other problem is that once you reach the end of your playlist all you get is suggested songs but the songs don't really go with the play list so I have to A: start the play list again or B: go to a whole new playlist which is very annoying,2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
512,Stuart Mackie,"December 13, 2022","Good service but I (as other have) had recent issues with playlists freezing after finishing a song. The issue goes as follows: I get in the car and the last song I was listening to continues. At the end of the song the whole playlist stops and I have to reselect something to get anything playing. It is annoying as I make multiple stops in the car for work and just have a ""work"" playlist that I run throughout the day. This is an annoying problem please fix!",12 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
513,Jess,"December 14, 2022","New update is awful. If I close out of the app or pause the song to do something else, then go back to Spotify to resume play, it's just a blank screen so I have to start the playlist all over again. Please fix this! I switched from Amazon music to Spotify, but may consider switching back if these 'glitches' keep happening, especially since I'm a PAID user.",0,3,spotify
514,Beth,"December 19, 2022","I make playlists so I can play different podcasts' episodes in a certain order without having to be on my phone to switch which one is playing next. I have to do this because I can only add one epsiode to my queue at a time, which is just dumb honestly. But, the playlist I made has been skipping every other episode on it, despite not being on shuffle! I listen offline, but I know that every episode I have on my playlist is downloaded. This is infuriating, and I can't stop it. It ruins my day.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
515,Šteff Lediamont,"January 10, 2023","Great music suggestions and organisation, always has good connection. Since it's a service, you won't find all musical artists, but it has most. I've deducted a few stars because of their support for Joe Rogan (yuck), and no lossless audio just yet. I will say thankfully they have a quality desktop app too, on Linux, Mac, and Windows, which is great. Apple Music isn't getting a proper windows app until later this year, which is why I switched. Great social features too.",9 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
516,Dana Roper,"January 16, 2023","I like all the music selections and sometimes the random music it plays turns out to be something new to like. Unfortunately, if I don't have the app open, or am using a different app, it will crash and pause the music, go to open the app up and it restarts the song. Only getting so many skips it sucks having to waste them on this situation. Wish the bugs would get fixed, otherwise I'd probably give a 5 star rating.",329 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
517,Fluffy Tuffy,"January 1, 2023","Okay for music SUCKS for podcast The podcast portion is too cumbersome and not user friendly or intuitive. I prefer the Castbox app for podcasts once in a blue moon I have to resort to Spotify because I cannot find something on Castbox (again, this is rare) and it's so frustrating. I think I'm going to look for another app to use as a backup. I think Castbox will always be my #1 because it's so simple AND it allows ANYONE to host their own podcast too! I love Pandora too so no use for Spotify",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
518,Naomi VanDyne,"December 20, 2022","It's been fine for a while but recently I've been super unhappy. Although it lets me stream with phone off, unlike YouTube Music, I can't play songs in order or see the covers of songs in my playlists. Last for this rant, I just got FIVE ADS IN A ROW!! they say ""30 min of ad-free music"" but in reality it's 6 ads every 2 songs! COME ON! do better, for the free listeners who can't or don't want to pay for premium.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
519,Alessandra Iaboni,"December 15, 2022","Considering the point of a premium subscription is to be able to listen to music without ads and offline, the app does a surprisingly terrible job of providing an offline experience. More often than not, when I am without service and trying to listen to downloaded music he app just tries to load infinitely and then tells me I am not connected to the internet. Like... Yeah that's the point? They should really fix this huge experience issue",146 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
520,David Barker,"December 14, 2022","Updated Dec 2022. Previous problems fixed after a few months. But recent update has caused a new issue. If you are listening to a playlist and then pause for a while, you cant restart. It will only let you play the song you interrupted. You can't even go to the playlist and restart. You have to select a different playlist, start it, and then select the original playlist. Of course it then starts from scratch, or resets the shuffle.",56 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
521,Amyx Day,"December 16, 2022","I'm like a lot of people on here and am going to change my review. The most recent update(not the one that came out the 13th, I haven't tried listening with it yet) broke my phone(not literally). It would cause a system crash reboot as well as cease playing after a song or two unless I chose a song to start with on a Playlist, then it seemed to be fine(unless it forced a reboot). Hopefully the update on the 13th fixed this issue.",214 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
522,Leenu Arora,"December 15, 2022",I migrated to Canada... Due to some reasons I reinstalled Spotify... Since then I have experienced the worst of it. I new version of the app doesn't let me play songs by searching and only plays previews of songs. When I play the liked playlist... It doesn't let me choose the song I want to listen to first... I can't even skip more than 6 songs in an hour from my playlist. I used to love Spotify but now I am even scared to open the app as I feel like being dominated by the app.,14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
523,nerossal.2912,"December 8, 2022","It's hard to find a place nowadays where you can just listen to music, your OWN music, without getting frustrated about ads, or about random songs getting added to your playlists. I cannot even listen to 1 album without Spotify adding many other songs/ads which I just don't want to listen to. This app has ruined my mood many times, way too many for comfort. Like, completely RUINED. I'm not exaggerating, it seriously just makes me feel like even my safe place of music is just out of my control.",76 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
524,Hailey D.,"December 12, 2022",The app keeps crashing and pausing my music when I try to skip songs through Bluetooth (headphones or in my car). I pay for a subscription; there's been no issues in the past with skipping songs. It's very frustrating. I've been a user of Spotify for years and use the app almost daily- the new update has made my listening experience terrible the last 2-4 weeks. I may need to switch subscriptions if this isn't fixed....,4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
525,Marcus LaCroix,"December 21, 2022","It was a halfway decent app, but recently its been really buggy. Once a song finishes, the time will just keep going, so it'll show that I'm 5 minutes in to a 3 minute song, and I can't play anything else when it does this, so you have to exit out and go back in. Also, the ads were bearable before, but now there are way too many. Every 2 songs there's anywhere from 1 to 3 ads, each around 30 seconds long Edit: songs no longer go past time... +1☆",20 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
526,Nick Keane,"December 9, 2022","I use this app A LOT, and I really like it. However, I'm giving is 3 stars, due to a bug that's currently happening. At the time that I'm writing this, there's a glitch that happens when I exit Spotify, close the tab, and re-open it. When I try to play my playlist after re-opening the tab, it just doesn't work. It only somewhat fixes this after uninstalling and reinstalling. I'm not sure what's going on right now, but I'm hoping this gets fixed soon. Other than that, great app.",10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
527,Miguel Figueroa,"December 1, 2022","I like the app, but it's been such a pain. The music frequently stops playing when connected to my car, and when I push play again, it starts over. When listening to a podcast, it either starts over or if I'm coming back to it and stops; it starts again from where I resumed, making me conentntly lose my place. I thought something was wrong with my phone or even the car, but nope. I have a different phone and car and still have the same issues. My phone carrier is Verizon for what it's worth.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
528,Drew Roderuck,"January 14, 2023",Currently unusable after recent updates. Attempted to play a playlist I had made long ago and would only load the first 7-10 seconds of a song before stopping. Couldn't even load the lyrics. Even if I had wanted to upgrade to premium the app crashes when clicking on it. I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it to try to fix it and now I can't even sign in without the app crashing.,60 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
529,Ntiyiso Ennocent,"January 2, 2023","Spotify is th best music streaming app for me. I can search and listen to sny song I want. The team is also able to create well playlist that are specific to me. I get a playlist for every mood. Though the ads can be irritating sometimes but the app is worth it. The interference is very simple and friendly, easy to use. I recommend it to everyone.",337 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
530,Peter Burgers,"December 12, 2022","This app is amazing in almost every aspect. But since a recent update the app is completely unusable when launched without internet connection. This is very burdensome, because I bought premium specifically to be able to play music offline. The issue is fixed by briefly turning on internet connection while launching and then turning it back off, but not everywhere is an internet connection available.",25 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
531,C M,"January 3, 2023","The song ""radio"" is just a set playlist that repeats after it's been played so I have to keep managing my music instead of being able to let it play while I work. Songs are repeated instead of showing me new music. Searching for playlists, artist, and is difficult and clunky. Artist pages only show the top 5 songs and that's all. Terrible design almost makes paying for YouTube worth it to not have to deal with this.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
532,sary daaboul,"December 13, 2022","The app is very buggy. When I close the recently opened apps, it stops the music and the widget doesn't work anymore, and it doesn't continue playing if I press the play button on my headphones. And when I open it again it shows that it's still playing a playlist when it's not doing so, and I can't start playing it (only workaround is to play something else and then go back play it). The platform is really good but if you fix the app it would be perfect.",37 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
533,Austin Fisher,"December 13, 2022","Yet again whenever they have an update something breaks. Now for no reason when listening to music with Android Auto, after a song the app will freeze like a PC about to go blue screen. While driving I will have to manually select another song to fix it. It will also happen multiple times on the same album/playlist. This keeps happening to me as a person who uses premium.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
534,Brooke DePalma,"January 25, 2023","I have Premium, and I'm really frustrated with the app right now. I can't play my playlists. Whenever I try to click on one I made, it doesn't play. I tried clearing and restarting the app, restarting my phone, and even logging out and logging back in, and they still won't play. Really hope this is fixed soon so I can listen to the music I pay for.",9 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
535,David Jentes,"December 4, 2022","Great app, except for on mobile for free. It is annoying that you can't just play a song to start out of the Playlist, even if you can't turn off shuffle. The desktop version is a lot better for free users, and I love the app, it's just that Spotify is exploiting their largest user base for money and giving the smaller ones the same features for free. The desktop and TV apps have good interfaces too, it's just that locking basic features behind a pay wall is annoying to users.",5 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
536,Jordan Slater,"December 14, 2022",Pretty good. Devs seem to prioritize features over bug fixes and good design. Can't play downloaded podcasts easily without internet (connecting playing then disconnecting internet works). App has to be restarted more often than you'd expect. Can't organize playlists or folders in the app. Radio feature is nice. They've learned to expose the hidden shuffle state when playing release radar and discover weekly. The Downloaded filter doesn't show playlists that contain all downloaded songs.,6 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
537,Miko Ahenakew,"December 15, 2022","Very good experience. I've been using it for years on my xbox and its was very good there. I was able to select individual songs and individual playlists, skip some songs and that was without premium. Then I got on mobile and the app was so bad unless you got premium, which it works like the xbox app does, just without ads. Generally I love all the music and how easy it is to download and all that jazz. I just don't like the daily mixes and such because its all the same 30 or so songs",511 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
538,Carolina,"January 14, 2023","I give four stars the app overall great I love how listen to any type of song and add it to a playlist. But I've recently had a glitch or something wrong with my Spotify. It would randomly stop playing at 10 or 11 seconds I don't know why it just happens I think it's a glitch I've tried installing the app and reinstalling it, restarting the app and opening it again it's just won't play!",78 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
539,Gracie Mostyn,"December 10, 2022",Spotify is really good for me but lately I've had trouble playing a different playlist. It's difficult to explain unless I'm showing you but I'll try my best. Say I go into spotify and I've recently been listening to a playlist it will say I'm still listening to it even though I'm not and won't show any music from that playlist. I have to listen to a different on first then go back to that. Other than that problem spotify is overall a great app to listen to music.,25 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
540,Jay,"December 12, 2022","Currently playing bar at the bottom disappears if you leave the app for a few minutes. Viewing your DOWNLOADED content when offline is not possible without internet connection most of the time. Podcasts don't save where you left off, so you have to scroll all the way back down to find the episode you're on. Little things like these that ruin the user experience.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
541,Rebecca Shields,"January 8, 2023","I've used Spotify and paid for Premium for many, many years. It is worth the money if you listen to music frequently. You can listen to music exactly how you want with unlimited playlists and any song you can dream of is on here to choose from. There really aren't many issues except sometimes it freezes up, but I attribute that to the amount of memory it needs to run and my phone having too much going at once. It isn't a huge issue though as it is infrequent.",101 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
542,Sapphire,"January 2, 2023","You all just ripped me off. It was good till you guys updated, great for music if you wanna listen to a bunch of ads. It doesn't even play the songs you want along with constantly stopping songs when leaving the app. This app is no differene than a sh*tty radio. At this point, I just use it as references for songs I like and skip using it all. Just create a YouTube playlist, less ads, it's free, better orginisation and etc. I'm not wasting my money for something I can get free elsewhere.",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
543,Lavinna Preston,"December 12, 2022",After the last update this app is truly messed up. I pay for premium and can't keep the music playing. It will play a song then stop. I can't start another song unless I close the app and restart it. I drive for a living so it's not like I can mess with my phone when the app takes a powder. Worked amazing for years and then one update and it's not worth the money.,4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
544,Jonathan Zabel,"January 20, 2023","It's not perfect, there are occasional glitches, like the play and pause button getting mixed up. I still, in some ways, prefer this app to Pandora; there's no chance of the station turning off by itself, like Pandora does. I also love the variety of music - I was introduced to new musicians through this app, as well as new or undiscovered genres. It's 2023 and I still listen to Spotify.",222 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
545,Atlas Corvix,"December 27, 2022","I love listening to spotify. It's amazing. I left a review a year or 2 ago about there being too many ads and I still believe there are too many ads but I can get through them fine most of the time. I'm writing this bc I wanted to request a certain update (dont gotta go with this idea if ya dont wanna). I understand making playlist and everything but I feel like it would be better if we could make folders or groups to organize the playlists people make or save. As I said, it's just an idea :]",12 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
546,Frank Mac.,"December 15, 2022","Looks like I'm having the same problem every one is having after my phone update, no playlist on my phone's background, and the app won't stay active after I press pause, now there is a ritual, I have to go thru just to start playing my music. I've noticed there is no feed back from Spotify on what's happening. Thanks for making this app worse👍. Guess it's time to go back to Pandora 😐.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
547,Beniamin Getejanc,"December 20, 2022","i am really disappointed. i used to enjoy playing any song i want and being able to skip, the only bad part being THE AMOUNT OF ADS, but now it's even worse, you can't skip and the layout completely changed and you can't even see your playlist and not only that but it plays songs that aren't even in my playlist. The ads are also irritating and they're driving me insane. fix this or I'm deleting the app.",121 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
548,Thomas Shoffner,"December 18, 2022","Anytime I connect my phone to my car wither via Bluetooth or Android Auto, it refuses to play. This has been in the past few updates. Update. It now won't play anything more than 2 seconds. Won't play on my phone by itself. Won't play connected to my car. I've done troubleshooting to fix it on my end. Nothing. Not a things. I guess I'll just utilize YouTube Music since I can't use spotify on any of my mobile devices. At least they don't have commercials for uploaded music.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
549,Masumi Herota,"December 14, 2022",App is having issues playing where it stops completely. This has never been an issue. Although over the years (been using Spotify since it first was ever released) there have been minor issues. But this one is making the app almost unusable. Please fix with update. I never write bad reviews...til now. I see a few others mentioning this same issue. I've tried little things like clearing the cache etc. Nothing has fixed this issue.,5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
550,Erica M,"December 14, 2022","Last update is HORRIBLE!!!! Will only play 1 song then it stops and freezes... getting really annoying having to reopen my app and physically tap on a song or playlist every single time I want to listen to something. This, well music, is my de-stress and unwind time.... but not when you have to mess with the app constantly to get it to play and just end up getting even more annoyed. PLEAS FIX IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
551,Lech Deregowski,"December 20, 2022","Opened the desktop app to get spammed requesting to rate the mobile experience. Let's just say it's only getting worse, not better. Originally this was great to have when you have a spotty mobile connection after getting in the car with music downloaded for the explicit purpose of being able to play without a network connection. Yet, Spotify still complains that there's no internet connection when pressing play on a downloaded playlist…",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
552,Cassie Rosebrock,"December 14, 2022",With the last few updates I've been having some issues. When I select a playlist to listen to it'll randomly switch to 'recommended songs' and won't play the songs on my playlist. I have force closed the app and it doesn't help. Whenever the app updates it removes my preferences. I have it set to continually cycle through my playlist but when it reaches the last song it won't play anymore after an update. Also when I get into my car only 1 song plays then it shuts off. I've emailed support.,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
553,Peanut Butter,"December 27, 2022","It doesn't have an option to turn shuffle off until doing a bit of research, I've found that you can't turn shuffle off unless you PAY for premium! Because of this, it is messing with my experience where when I press a song it will just play a clipping of the song instead of the whole thing! This is ridiculous, and it should be an option REGARDLESS.",55 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
554,Victoria Gish,"December 9, 2022","Honestly it's been a while since I've used Spotify, and I always knew the phone app was janky, but when did Spotify really become this bad. You used to be able to at least listen to the song you wanted to hear before Spotify started shoving their recommendations down your throat. Now if you make a Playlist they add a ton of random songs that have nothing to do with the song you added. And good luck getting to listen to your song.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
555,RJ Braden,"January 12, 2023","Service fair app sucks! This app auto starts EVERYTIME I connect to Bluetooth and plays over other apps . So if I am listening to a podcast or watching a video on another app Spotify just starts on it's own. The app is not actually open though so I can't just flip over and stop it. I have to go to the app, open it, wait for it to open then stop the unwanted noise! If I can't find a fix I will be forced to cancel the service. Just bad app design! Update: tried email support worthless!",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
556,Christopher Erhard,"January 10, 2023",It was working fine but now when I try to play a song or a Playlist it plays completely different songs that I don't like. when I search a song to play it plays a different song. Other than that and the ads playing after a few songs it's great. Would be 4 stars if it didn't play songs not in my Playlist. 5 if one ad every 30 minutes.,13 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
557,Marisa M,"December 13, 2022","This most recent update has big issues. I play lullabies for my babies at night and after a single song plays, it just stops. I can't press play because it doesn't work. I have to close the app and select another playlist and then go back to this one for it to work. I also still hate the shuffle button being replaced with a play/pause at the top of the playlist. There's already one at the bottom. Why I do I need two play buttons on the same screen? Bring the shuffle button back!",227 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
558,Amanda Cueva,"December 14, 2022","This last update has been awful. I love Spotify but it's gotten on my nerves lately. Music stops after a song, then once you open the app up, whatever Playlist you had playing gets wiped out and the song bar completely disappears. When you go back to what Playlist was playing last, it still shows that it's playing but nothing. It's really dumb and annoying. I hope it gets fixed in the next update.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
559,Sprout,"December 16, 2022","I've used spotify free for a long time, but the latest version of the app has me livid. It is forcing me to reshuffle my playlists every time I close and re-enter the app! Even if the app was only closed for a few seconds! This is really getting on my nerves because my playlists are very long, and reshuffling them just makes it play the same 10 songs repeatedly. And to add to all this, you cannot even so much as view the contents of spotify generated playlists anymore. FIX THIS!",195 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
560,Lex Z.,"December 27, 2022","I used to love spotify, however, after each update it seems it's becoming worse. Recently, a bunch of my artist that I had saved is no longer saved. It is becoming harder to find my music that I want to listen to, especially if I am trying to quickly change a song at a red light. My patience with Spotify is starting to run thin as it is just too much if a hassle now.",40 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
561,Cyndy Arey,"December 18, 2022","Decent App/NO Problems thus far. I am currently trying using the free version so I can't listen if I'm off line and I have to listen to a commercial every 30 minutes which really isn't bad. I don't like the fact that I'm only allowed to skip 6 songs an hour on my own Playlist. That one doesn't make any sense to me. But other than that, I can't really say anything bad about it. When I do decide to pay for a music app th I one will get strong consideration from me.",160 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
562,Pain Au Chocolat,"December 4, 2022","Spotify is definitely the best free music app i have ever used, despite the fact that the ads are annoying and pop up every 2-3 songs there's great sound quality and i love how some of the songs have descriptions. One tiny problem though, my 2022 wrapped isn't working properly, as in whenever i press it, it speeds through the slides and shows me a blank page with one of the songs playing in the background, could you guys have a look at that please?",132 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
563,Jairo Galindo,"December 18, 2022","For the past couple of months, have been experiencing random crashes, bugs (I.E Sometimes the like button doesn't work properly, it won't show that it's liked, but will show up in your liked songs.) Music controls will also disappear from the bottom, but the song will remain playing... Giving Spotify a 2-Star rating this time. Not sure what happened, but the app has definitely seen better days.",33 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
564,Julia M.,"January 5, 2023","Love the app, love the personalised play lists, and I love the versatility of the music on here! Obv, it's the largest music platform out there but it has a range of different sounds to fit everyone's musical tastes! the only qualm I have is that sometimes w the free version, even if you ""watch a 30 second ad for 30 mins of nonstop music"" it doesn't always give u 3p mins of music all together. doesn't happen as often now as it used to but still a bit bothersome!",18 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
565,Miles,"December 13, 2022","The new update has messed up a lot of stuff. The play/pause button doesn't respond on the lock screen sometimes. If you go away from the app and come back later, often times the app instantly freezes, the album art goes away and the progress bar a random white square appear on it. Hopefully they'll fix these glitches soon.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
566,Nina,"December 8, 2022","generally like the app, but the recent update has ruined the music player. after not listening for a while and then coming back your entire queue is gone, and the rest of the playlist behind it too, and you have to click on the song again and select the songs you want to listen to again, because it only allows you to play that one song. please fix this asap. I don't want to continuously remake my queue/resort the playlist I'm playing",180 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
567,Natasha Kraeva,"December 12, 2022","The music is good but the app often has problems. Is constantly stopping every few seconds then starts again or dont start at all. Drags. I see the music is on but i dont hear anything. Instead of working out i am constantly reinstalling and trying to fix the app . If they dont permanently fix this problems , i will permanently delete spotify and use other app. This problem is often there for the past 2 years.",23 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
568,Aliki Meakins,"January 19, 2023","Normally I would say I love Spotify I've been using it for over 6 years now and pay for premium, but sadly over the last few months, I have begun to hate it! I travel a lot and love listening to music, but all the music I spend hours downloading will not play the moment my phone is on airplane mode I find this to be so annoying and I'm left with nothing to do on a 10-hour flight!! I don't have this problem with YouTube music so I suggest getting that instead! Spotify please fix your download!!",18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
569,Maria Villa,"December 27, 2022","I've used the free version a few times and I see no reason for me to keep using Spotify because I have no control over what I can listen to. Shuffle play is always on with no way to turn it off without paying and you can't choose which song to start listening to. If you make a playlist, the app adds other songs to it. YouTube is a better app in my opinion, even if it has more ads, because you can actually choose which songs to listen to for free.",88 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
570,deez nuts,"December 22, 2022","tons of ads & just keeps removing features for free users. why not just make the song play button locked behind premium at this point, i now have issues with the notif always unresponsive and have to reopen the app every time i try to pause or skip songs (yes, battery restriction is off). and yes, i paid for premium once, it just makes it as good as souncloud or most other apps. yes, its free. if premium audio quality sounds better to you, its just the placebo effect. u cant tell the difference.",28 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
571,Pawan Adake,"January 17, 2023","Music randomly stops playing all of a sudden. Pauses for 3 seconds, starts again. I have been updating the app from time to time hoping the issue would be resolved, but only gets worse. Internet speed is reliable with atleast 25 mbps all the times. For the premium price that I'm paying, I might consider Apple music if the problem persists.",80 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
572,nicky christian,"December 13, 2022",I have been using spotify for years and recently an update was done and now it acts crazy. When on it plays one song then stops. When I pull it up it shows as if it's still playing on the home screen and the bar disappears. I then have to click on another song and then it will start playing again. Not sure what's up but this needs to be fixed.,4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
573,Paul Chan,"December 21, 2022","Been crashing on and off for months and recently in the past few weeks crashes constantly sometimes up to 5 times in a row within the same song. Been trying all things, restarting phone, reinstalling app and other things. What's the point of being able to work in the background when the app is gonna throw a fit whenever some other app is being used. STILL NO FIX, get your act together Spotify.",17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
574,Angel Keene,"December 26, 2022","Everything I want to play music i have to put in shuffle, I can't listen to anything without it being on shuffle. If I want to listen to a specific song on my Playlists (even my liked songs) I can only listen to a short clip. Also, I can not add music to queue unless it's on my liked songs, and it still didn't play the song. This update has ruined my experience with Spotify.",36 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
575,Fawkes Winchester,"December 26, 2022","Recent updates have made Spotify crash way more often now. The smart shuffle once turned on will not be switched off again until I close spotify and play a different playlist and then back to the original one. It was working fine for a while, but they just can't leave well enough alone and reduce the quality of the app almost every update. Also, the app greys out some local file songs I have, which can only be played by selecting them because they are skipped in shuffle mode.",10 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
576,Rob Nelson,"December 14, 2022","Generally love the app but only in the last week or two when using in Android auto the music just stops playing with no option of restarting music. Even disconnecting and reconnecting my phone to the car doesn't allow the music to start playing again. Not sure if there is an issue in a recent update or not but now sucks when trying to play in the car. It plays maybe one or two songs, then just stops. Very annoying when your used to flawless operation previously. Please fix",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
577,Juno Blackwood,"January 15, 2023","I've been having a lot of troubles with this app recently (about 4 or 5 months now) of the app completely crashing a d sometimes so bad it crashes my phone as well. I love this app and I refuse to stop using it but because of that it's very frustrating to have it keep crashing all the time, and this isn't just an issue on my phone but my computer and my iPad as well. It's just very annoying",28 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
578,Raquel Guerra,"January 9, 2023","It's ridiculous that we have to pay just to listen to the music we want, or to not listen to adds. They say one add per song but I've listening three adds between each song. This app ocupies a lot of space on my devices and for what? I can't even choose the song I want to hear or listen to my music without interruptions. Of course I probably wouldn't be saying this if I had the premium version, but some of us don't want to pay to do something as simple as listen to music.",40 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
579,Leon Fowler,"January 25, 2023",update they now say you're offline when you close the app reopen it it starts at a different spot I'll never able to hear it all my songs. Finally found a way to listen to every song by going offline with my phone getting rid of shuffle. I finally made it to where I can listen to songs that I haven't heard in a while. But no. Unless they want to pretend like I have a payment due,17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
580,Raven Whitechapel,"January 7, 2023","The music keeps stopping. I have to keep taking my phone out of my pocket in order to light up the screen for it to continue. I prefer Amazon Music app. Spotify is one of the most manipulative apps, always wanted you to upgrade to premium but my friends who have it say it does the same thing how do these apps get users when they're never live up to the hype. 🤔",9 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
581,Roxanne Boyd,"January 3, 2023","I like this app because it offers a wide array of content to listen to. I'm giving it three stars because I don't like how you can't make a Playlist without them adding random songs to it. Occasionally, I get annoyed at the ads. There have been times that six or more ads will be played, sometimes the same one multiple times in a row. It's a problem when you're listening to 30 minutes of ads for 30 minutes of music.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
582,John Price,"December 9, 2022","App does things I'm not crazy about. Plays pods that I've already listened to and deleted from playlist and downloads. It also just started playing something that was never in my playlist or download (and not connected to wifi). Seems to be something to do with pods subscribed to. Also, enough with the injection of covid19 warnings. That's not your job.",8 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
583,Jasmine Mcgilvray,"December 21, 2022","Lately, when I've been playing a song, it randomly stops near the end. Sometimes I can get it to play again without having to pull my car over to the side of the road however of recent times that doesn't appear to be working and, if and when it does work, it stops again and then doesn't play at all. The app also completely freezes my cars audio system so I can't get anything to work, not even the radio. Please fix this app.",16 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
584,Mitchell Hershkowitz,"December 11, 2022","Super glitchy lately It's still my preferred app, but it constantly shuts down for no apparent reason. ""Shuffle"" also doesn't seem to be random, so I'll end up having to skip through a bunch of songs to get back to a point in a playlist that I haven't just recently listened to. Seems up have problems communicating with Android auto recently.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
585,Emelyn Muhr,"December 19, 2022","After the newest update, I was having problems playing my music and playlists. I was hearing ad after ad which was super annoying especially when trying to workout. It seems to be better now, and I can play my music again. I am only putting it at a 3 right now because it still is giving me way to many ads, like one after every song.",39 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
586,Larry The Stoner,"December 17, 2022","Sick of the ads! Everytime I try to do ANYTHING I get hit with multiple ads. And no, I'm not spending 10$ a month for ad free music. Don't get me wrong ads are fine but when it's showing up from me just trying to view the lyrics every. Single. Time. It gets very annoying and makes me go to YouTube for music. This app has gotten more rotten with overloading people with ads. I'm surprised anyone still uses it with how many ads you get in one go. Sometimes you even get the same ad twice in a row!",253 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
587,Evan Hicken,"December 14, 2022",Loved Spotify for years. New update has issues. Please fix and I'll fix my rating. Plays song and then fails to continue playing after the song has ended. App says song is playing but nothing is happening. App has to be closed and restarted a few times to resume playing. Also does not retain where it was in the playlist after the failure occurs.,3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
588,Kyle Lagazo,"December 29, 2022","Premium user here for around 5 years. I've had some problems here and there, but here's the most annoying ones: 1. The SD card problem. This has been a problem for many years now and it's frustrating that it's still not fixed. Basically when you restart your phone, spotify tends to load first before the SD card. Spotify won't detect the offline songs so it proceeds to redownload everything in the internal storage. 2. Random log outs. Sometimes it won't even log in the first attempt.",249 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
589,Hudson Poissant,"January 8, 2023",The shuffle algorithm plays the same songs repeatedly within a short period of time. I have thousands of songs saved but it only hear a handful of songs over and over again. This has been happening for a few years now and it doesn't seem to be a priority for Spotify to change despite this suggested many times on the feedback site.,17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
590,Maxine Teague,"January 4, 2023","I didn't think that the ads or limited skips really bothered me until my brother recommended I get the paid version of Spotify. If has been a really fantastic experience. I love the freedom it brings. The wide variety of music, podcasts etc etc etc makes Spotify premium excellent value for money. I recently signed up for the Duo option so that my husband could join the world of Spotify, he is loving it as well. Really enjoy the tailor made Playlists and recommendations. It's also easy to use.",37 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
591,adrienne h,"January 7, 2023","as someone who's been using spotify for years and just recently switched to spotify premium: it was great the first week or so, and then i became completely unable to play songs offline. i would click play, and it would display that it was playing, yet the bar did not move and it would not play any sound. the app won't load my playlists on the landing page; it just keeps loading and i can only access playlists oftentimes through my library. good app, too many ads, and too many recent bugs",23 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
592,Azraa Bhatti,"December 24, 2022","everytime there is an ad, the app just breaks. it just gets stuck and it is super frustrating. please fix. I have never had this problem before. Edit: app STILL garbage ~ does not sync well with my google speaker. Half the time it doesn't want to connect through the app. It works fine directly through my speaker tho. 🤔 Also this recent update has just made it so only one song plays and then it kinda breaks. I have to restart the playlist several times. Quite frustrating.",50 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
593,Shree Pandey,"January 23, 2023","I love this app but, there is one problem 😞 I want to listen to my playlist that I made on my phone. But it jumps straight to suggest songs. I have not even listened to the playlist. It is an hour long an di have not listened to it before. The only way I can play that playlist is by playing it on my laptop. I can't do that. I feel like people without premium should at least have SOME privilege to a least listen to a song without the suggested songs. That is all. Any way the app is Great!!!!!!",15 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
594,Alan Munoz,"December 20, 2022","Have been using for a couple of years. Premium is 5 stars hands down. If you dont pay you get frequent ads which sucks. They really try pushing the limit on too much ads. And they allow some of the most obnoxious ads, so cringey, and cheesy, it makes me want to not buy their product. 2 stars for how annoying the ads are. Lastly, if you listen too much to a playlist they hit you with suggested songs and have no choice to opt out .",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
595,R R,"December 19, 2022",Constantly trying to download music that already been downloaded with no way to stop it. Can no longer reshuffle an already playing playlist. Have to swap to a different playlist then go back to the one before to reshuffle. There used to be a shuffle button but they got rid of it. Need to bring it back. Can't close out what currently playing. No way to actually stop a list and have nothing playing. Need to be able to close out what you were playing before without starting something else.,13 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
596,Roses Sanity,"January 8, 2023","The latest update is awful!!! Like, when I want to play my playlist from start to end, an random song just pops up. And when I want to play the playlist from the start again.. IT RESUMES THE RANDOM SONG!!!! I don't like the new update!! Please change it..And 6 skips per hour? What the hell is this?! I want the old Spotify back!!! This update is trash! I can't listen to my songs anymore because of the update! What the hell ?",34 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
597,Jack Ciulla,"January 12, 2023","Worse than one star. As soon as I changed my review and praised the old playlist display features, they're replaced with the limiting and infinitely worse display recently implemented. I can't see what album each song is from, nor can I like individual songs, add them to other playlists, or even fully remove them from the playlist I'm editing. The only thing you can do is hide them. This app is only as good as its features for playlists and its usability, and currently it's downright atrocious.",46 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
598,Sara Weiss,"December 14, 2022","It's been having a lot of glitches as of late. It won't connect through Google maps, which is frustrating, and if it does, it plays one song and doesn't continue, or it plays the same five songs on repeat. There's also a glitch where it'll play most of a song, and then after it's about halfway done, it'll skip to the next song.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
599,dana white,"December 13, 2022",I use the app multiple times a day. Never really had any problems until this last update. I have to constantly restart the app. Songs will stop playing but will still say they are playing. The screen freezes a lot. My play button doesnt work sometimes so i cant use the shuffle play. I pay too much for it to not work correctly.,2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
600,It is Me,"December 11, 2022","Was happy with this app, did what i needed it to but recently the play bar across the bottom disappears, the music stops playing although the bars can be seen moving beside the track. Tried clearing cache, forcing stop, and shutting phone down and restarting but no joy! It eventually comes back on its own. Very frustrating and i may be pushed to look at other players. Im paying for this app also.",11 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
601,Francesca Spanghero,"December 14, 2022","Playlists freeze after every ad break, and if I close the app and then open it again, it finishes playing the current song and then freezes. It's very annoying, especially since I often listen to music in the background while doing other things. Please, fix this. It really makes the app not worth using anymore",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
602,Lynnette P Johnson,"January 9, 2023","Currently can't even experience it. It's ridiculous. For almost a month now I can't even make it INTO the app because it crashes. Either the app will spin and not bring up the logo, or the logo will come up, spin, and then crash. I have uninstalled/reinstalled the app, logged out, etc. Nothing works. No matter how many times I send feedback, nothing is done. Updates suck. But best believe I get your notifications. Get your ish together.",17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
603,cuppy57,"January 8, 2023","Update: the app crashes whenever I am utilizing it in addition to another app (such as reddit or pikmin). (Sometimes it crashes when it is the only app running, too.) Podcasts with ads sometimes causes the podcast itself to crash (but not the entire app). I'm getting sick of paying for an app that I have to restart consistently while at the gym or while I'm driving. I have an android and I'm considering Apple Music over spotify from the shear annoyance. Sometimes I can't even get through 1 song.",19 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
604,captnhotwheelz,"December 8, 2022","I used to really love Spotify, but now I'm starting to dislike it. On the PC version, you can play whatever songs you want, turn shuffle on and off, and put a single song on repeat WITHOUT PREMIUM. But on the mobile version, your playlists are ALWAYS shuffled, you can't repeat a single song, and now you cant even see what songs are in someone's playlist without adding those songs to a playlist of your own. Y'all need to make the mobile version more like the PC version or I'ma move to Soundcloud",23 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
605,Cam,"December 16, 2022","Great app, but lately, my spotify has been acting up. When I'm in the middle of listening to music, the song suddenly stops and when I try to unpause it won't play again. I have to manually play it again by clicking on another Playlist and then it plays ads which are annoying as hell because this happens every 10 minutes. Please fix this problem.",44 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
606,horse power,"December 21, 2022","I love Spotify but the new update is causing some serious queue issues in the app. It will only hold one song in the queue and won't clear either. I've had to uninstall and reinstall to fix it but the problem comes back after a few songs. Once they fix it I'll gladly change my review to 5 stars. *edit: as of right now I think they fixed it, had no problems the past few days.",29 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
607,Matt Matsumoto,"January 24, 2023","The app and the music selection are good but the app itself is full of glitches. The newest one I've come across is that if you have enhanced selected on your liked songs the app will tell you that you are offline and cannot play any music. Eventhough, I am definitely connected to the internet. The app has been getting worse over recent months.",34 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
608,T Aa,"December 8, 2022","The best music streaming and downloading service. Even the free version is great. I have a premium family plan, and I use Spotify every day for at least a couple of ours. There's endless playlists and podcasts, you will never run out of things to listen to. With features like Daily Drive, a mix of news and your favourite songs, Made For You playlists, with different types depending on the way you want to listen. I would highly recommend, even if you only choose the free version.",84 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
609,cant*touch*this buhbuhbuhbuh,"December 29, 2022","I've loved Spotify for years and it's been incredibly reliable up until this latest update. Now, my next up and queue will entirely clear out when I close the app, and I'll either have to manually choose a new song or switch to a different playlist and back in order to keep listening. It just makes listening for any extended period of time inconvenient.",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
610,mike hanrahan,"December 24, 2022","I've had no issue until the last couple updates, now when one inconveniencing bug gets fixed in an update, a new one is brought with that update and is just as annoying. They are not serious bugs, I'd just like to listen to a Playlist without reaching a point where the same one or two songs will play and appear in my queue over and over again about 40 times.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
611,Michael Lorah,"December 29, 2022","This app has so many that i cant list them all here. Ill go with the two issues I've had most often. If you have it set to offline mode and your phone restarts or you get logged out for whatever reason, you can't log back in without uninstalling and reinstalling the app. If you have it set to store your music in an external SD card, it seems to cause the most havoc in the app because it cant seem to choose properly between playing downloaded files vs streaming when disconnected from wifi.",7 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
612,Esther Scoumbourdi,"January 14, 2023","I have the premium, and it played well up to today. It doesn't let me open the Spotify app. I get a, pop up that says 'oops something went wrong' and 'try again' , which I tried many times. I tried updating the app, uninstall and install again, but still get this pop up. I can't reach the developer either through the webpage. I get error message there. If I can get support here, then of course I will change the rating. But so far not happy.",41 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
613,random person,"February 16, 2023",I love everything but I've had a problem for months where if I exit out of spotify it will stop playing music and I have to go into the app to continue playing music but it also reshuffles the music everytime it does it. The whole point of me using spotify is so that I can listen to music while using other apps. I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it but it did nothing.,0,1,spotify
614,John Corey,"December 31, 2022","I've been building my library for years and is always there. Im usially not subscribed. Although I love it more when I am. However, after reading what others are saying, I'll pass on the update. And after hearing about how bad Spotify pays the artist, and many artists cancelling on Spotify, I'll probably search for a new source of music, and after so many years! But Spotify is apparently making a fortune while the artists ain't getting squat! I'm not cool with that.",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
615,Glyn Sexton,"December 22, 2022","Spotify is a great music streaming service but the app is poor. The main issue is the faff required to access the Equaliser. You need to go to Settings and scroll right down to find it, hidden near the end of the list. This is a pain, as I need to adjust it almost every time I use Spotify, depending on the music I'm playing or the device I'm playing it on. Difficult to do when you're in a rush. Surely they could add an Eq. button on the Home Screen?",200 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
616,Marsela Moreno,"January 11, 2023","This is a good app but I rate it two stars because I can't put my songs on repeat anymore and when I go to a Playlist it doesn't view the songs and I click to see what songs I have and when I press one it like only plays the end or middle of the song and that's it only for 13 seconds. if you can,please remove that. it is not helpful.",13 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
617,Historia Reiss,"February 12, 2023",Had it for around over a year and for daily mixes I could choose whichever song I wanted at whatever part I wanted. Now it automatically goes on a random song and sometimes I can't even skip it. At one point it wouldn't even show me the lyrics. Might delete it. Edit: reinstalled it so I could see the songs and play them on youtube,0,3,spotify
618,Sophia Davis,"February 9, 2023","Was very good at first, loved getting on it and playing music on it. Overtime, the shuffle just turned on for some reason. I searched up so many tutorials of how to turn it off but nothing worked. Most tutorials said to go on your first song to turn it off, but my playlist didn't even SHOW MY FIRST SONG. Spotify, pls fix this",0,2,spotify
619,Katelyn,"December 28, 2022","Won't even work now. For the past week, Spotify won't open or play. App just continuously crashes. Can't listen to any music. What am I paying for? Uninstalling and force stopping doesn't help - nothing does. It's essentially useless right now. I hope they fix this soon. Edit: Now, Spotify won't play over Bluetooth in my car or headphones or any speaker without skipping or stopping unless I keep my phone screen on continuously. Absolutely infuriating and annoying.",18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
620,David Naylor,"February 15, 2023","You can no longer add playlists to the homescreen of your phone. Why did they remove this feature? This is a very cynical choice by Spotify. It seems they want you to get distracted in all their dashboard suggestions which I NEVER look at. I'm very playlist-driven and need to be able to access them quickly, however they have hidden them under the library menu which means I have to go through numerous unnecessary steps to find one of my 300+ playlists. Previously was one click from the homescreen",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
621,Ironhide X,"February 19, 2023","Spotify is definitely the best music app you can get these days,but if u cant afford premium its a pain,adding unremovable songs to your playlists so you cant listen to what you actually want to listen to, mandatory shuffle,limited skips(6 per hr),inability to rewind or fast forward,and ads. This can be a pretty big barrier to entry,especially since its rlly not very cheap unless u do a plan that gives it to multiple users.Rlly love the app but spotify free is so bad i just cant give 5 stars.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
622,Tina Brooks,"December 14, 2022","Latest update has issues. Play button does/doesn't work after having paused for longer then 10 mins. Whatever song I'm currently playing will finish, then my music will stop. I have to close application and open back up click on a song to start playing again, and it doesn't remember my que order!! Please fix this update as it is very aggravating!!!! Other than this happening I am very happy with Spotify.",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
623,Alvaro De Romana,"December 15, 2022","Great app until recently. If you are playing a playlist, no problem. Close app, start app later, plays the current song, then the next song is BLANK and its frozen and playlist cannot be played. I need to play another playlist, then back to the original playlst. I have to do this every time I open Spotify. Fix it and you'll get 5 starts back. Thanks.",9 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
624,Doug S,"January 17, 2023",Can't scroll through genres to pick a specific one. I'm limited to the few that fit within the parameters of my screen. This feature seems to work every now and again. Also when I do have a genre picked it'll start playing music from a hole other one. I've tried Uninstalling then reinstalling and still the same. I have premium and the experience for the passed year has been anything but that. Yall need to fix your bugs or one more customer will be going back to pandora premium.,15 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
625,Gerardo Garcia,"December 21, 2022",My experience using Spotify is honestly great because although it's a music app it's not just about the music. Music is one thing but the fact that this app gets you immersed within the music you listen to and actually makes you feel a part of it. They create playlists on the daily so you can explore new sounds or genres or whatever and however you prefer listening to music. The only flaw I can say is the liking system it might be a bug or maybe I'm just not sure how to use it correctly yet.,23 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
626,Deauna G,"December 26, 2022","12.26.22 - says we should all have karaoke mode. It doesn't work on the web or Android apps. Reallllly frustrating. Allow users to customize. The new update has good morning at the top of the screen. I hate it. Not only can I not change what's in the good morning feature, I have to scroll endlessly to find my favorites. Allow users to customize what they see when they open the app. Otherwise I love Spotify.",6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
627,Jennifer Hughes,"December 12, 2022","I don't get the hype. It's not intuitive, it plays 6 consecutive ads every time I open the app and every 3 songs, you barely get any skips, and it's highly pay gated. Also I'm still mad that it made some shady deal with my phone so that I cannot pick any alarm tone except for spotify and I'm sick of the same one stupid tone. It may have a few more songs than Pandora, but it is inferior in every other way.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
628,Tihana A,"January 2, 2023",New update is a nightmare. Shuffling songs has always been kind of bad but it's even worse now. Repeats the same 2-4 songs over and over. Sometimes a new song not even in my playlist will start playing. Very frustrating listening experience the past few weeks. I don't like paying for an app that has buggy functionality.,15 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
629,Terry Blankers,"February 11, 2023","where is the Clear Queue button? I select one podcast episode and select End of Episode in the Sleep Timer. Yet everytime I get into my car, the next podcast episode starts automatically. I don't want this functionality!!!! Please allow me to select what I want to play when I want to play it and let me clear my queue, including what's currently playing. Stop acting like your know what's best for your users - it's very patronizing and the truth is, you don't know, so give us more choices.",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
630,Lexi,"January 5, 2023",I just subscribed to spotify and am using the app for the first time and I am not impressed. The app is laggy and keeps crashing. Songs start playing 30+ seconds after I start them and don't stop when I stop them for the same amount of time. And they keep buffering. On my wifi and on my phone data. I have never had this issue with the other well known music subscription that I used to have. I am quite annoyed and probably won't continue my subscription after the free trial is done.,28 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
631,Paul Henric Raymundo,"December 9, 2022","There's a bug in the sound quality setting. When the app is minimized, the music plays really well. But every time I get back in to select other songs, the sound gets mushy and the volume is all messed up even though the volume normalization is off. I always update to the latest version hoping to get a fix but it's still here.",343 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
632,Rachel Raja,"February 12, 2023","My favorite music app!I cannot afford the premium as inflation hit our household terribly but when I can, I'll get premium again. Spotify is the best music experience to with personalized music list that suggests even more music. Very user friendly and can easily navigate my account, sounds great(both free and premium versions),the commercials are not excessive, easy accessibility to favorite artists. It's a great app as there are no other music apps like it.Highly recommend Spotify, thank you!",22 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
633,Hazel Blaze,"February 15, 2023","I love spotify, it is my go to app to listen music on. I have even confinced my dad to get it and now he loves it. The only problem I have with it is that sometimes it'll not play any song passed 11-13 seconds, I will have to delete it and redownload it sometimes for it to work again. Though I've only ever had to do this twice in the 5-6 years I've used the app.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
634,Jordan Zurcher (Nerd),"February 7, 2023","Very good, but whenever I listen to something during a shower, and then go to bed and listen to some music on the way to school and I try to skip a song, it tells me I have to get premium or I can keep only having 6 skips or wait an hour to get my skips back, I had used all of my skips while listening to music in the shower, and it had been several hours since then, please fix this bug",0,4,spotify
635,Nicolas Martin Martin,"February 6, 2023","Worst experience with podcast! I pay a subscription for the family plan, and I've been experiencing HUGE problems trying to hear podcast. I start listening, and ll of a sudden, the next episode show that is playing... but nothing. I check my internet connection, wi-fi, all perfect. Finally, I change into Google Podcast... and guess what? WORKS PERFECT. I'm seriously reconsidering keep paying for this app that crashes in the middle of the podcast playing. Can someone get back to me??",0,1,spotify
636,Snuffy,"February 14, 2023",Good app for listening to music if you wanna hear ads every second. Also it's a really bad app unless you get premium so the only way to experience good music is with premium. Also in my playlist Spotify will just add songs I don't want and I can't get rid of them because you only get the option to skip 6 times unless you pay.,0,2,spotify
637,brook we,"February 4, 2023",I LOVE this app we even got premium. I can't say anything about adds because I have premium. But I love that you can find the songs you are looking for very easily. I love that you can listen to music and play games at the same time. Theonly problem I had with it is that sometimes I would be listening to music and it would stop in middle of the song.,2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
638,Roberto Saldate II,"December 21, 2022","Horrible. Pausing music. Skipping songs. Disconnecting from devices. This has been my favorite app for music since idk when. I'd hate to have to switch apps and give another company my money, but I can't put up with this. I want my money back for this last month. This is ridiculous. If you're thinking about downloading this app, DONT! IT USED TO BE GOOD. I will update my comment when issues are fixed. Til then, I might just switch to Apple.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
639,Rachel Ruiz,"December 14, 2022","Used to be the BEST music app. I'm a premium member for years now. After the last update if I stop the app or it goes idle for too long it will finish the song once I open it again but it won't continue to play any other music, even though it shows it is playing. I have to force close it constantly & then reopen it for it to work, but this happens EVERY time it goes idle or I close it out. If music is in the queue it clears it out. I did log out, reinstall, clear cache (etc)",60 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
640,taher mithiya,"February 17, 2023","It's a good app, but this is the 4th time I'm deleting this while getting angry, this app doesn't let you choose song from your own playlist. Instead plays songs always in shuffle mode. Strange app!! everytime I think it must have got an update but it's always same. App is really good but this feature is ridiculous!! please work on it.",0,1,spotify
641,West Texas Nomad,"February 18, 2023",I don't know what you do on the updates but the app has gone completely backwards. When I log back in Playlists are on shuffle. I get commercials before and after songs. The app at times has a mind of its know by completely changing the homepage when I don't want it to change. Fix this problem please!!!!,33 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
642,Eric Spencer,"December 13, 2022","I'm not sure what happened with the latest update but the app was working fine before and now it's worse. It's gotten way buggier. It'll randomly pause itself, queued songs won't play or will just drop out of the queue entirely, and when I exit out of the app and bring it up later it'll drop the whole queue except for 3 or 4 songs and plays them on a continuous loop.",13 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
643,Lil Trouble49,"December 10, 2022",Recently as of today I started experiencing a new problem where my music will stop playing in the background like while I'm driving or while I'm working. I have had to constantly go in and out of the app to restart my music and I also can't access lot's of features that I could access before even with premium (yes I do have premium still). Not sure if this is a bug or not but I hope this issue gets fixed soon.,3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
644,Tia Cameron,"January 7, 2023","Something is wrong with this app. I start playing a playlist and it keeps playing the same songs over and over again. Or it restarts the playlist again and again so you're stuck listening to the same songs over and over again instead of playing through the playlist. It's the most infuriating thing ever. Some days it's great and doesn't do the annoying repeat thing. Other days, you have to sit there and manually play each song to get it to go through the playlist.",17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
645,Angel Rosales,"January 25, 2023","This app does Not play all your liked songs when you listen in shuffle, and during the shuffle,it actually repeats the Same songs that have already been played. It's ridiculous. Another thing I noticed is that spotify is constantly removing music! Therefore,it's removing music out of my liked songs list without me knowing,and because of that,I'm losing and forgetting the music that I've saved! I don't believe spotify will ever fix this issue. I'm Done paying for music I can't keep and listen to.",6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
646,Martin Aki Tsui,"January 26, 2023","In 2023, this app won't be able to stay at the last episode that you played in a podcast series. For a 800-something episodes podcast, I have to scroll for a minute to get to where I am at, which is somewhat in the middle. Also, the UI detection is annoying AF. Scrolling up / down often easily became swiping left to those ""recommended podcasts"" that is irrelevant to my reason using spotify. Also, just updated the app and won't play any songs from existing playlist",21 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
647,Lisa Basalla,"December 8, 2022","Samsung no longer has a music app, and that was how I preferred to listen to my music. We have tried several other music streaming apps, but one lacked customization, and the other would almost never truly shuffle the playlist. So far I have been pleasantly surprised by Spotify in both these features. Even my kids are asking to get the family plan so they can enjoy it too!",205 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
648,Jaiden Capra,"February 10, 2023","POS service. I honestly don't care about half a second of latency, just build a stable app that just works instead of giving up the minute your connection has some slight disruption, or constantly restarts podcasts from the beginning EVERY TIME... The number of times Spotify tells me ""no internet"" and I went to play the song on YouTube instantly... ""The playlist"" tells the story of a CEO obsessed with shaving milliseconds off latency. Somewhere along the way he forgot to also make it robust.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
649,Peyote Brady,"January 23, 2023","It was really great at first until about a month later, things like the ads came up and I haven't used the Spotify app for 2 weeks and when I came back it started to use ads, and my playlist songs were just all over, and I can barely listen to my fav songs. I would recommend this if u have premium, but if not then I wouldn't recommend.",10 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
650,noctis caelum,"December 15, 2022","ive been using spotify for years and love it, but the recent update has me upset. i see people talking about the bug so im not gonna repeat that, but i have another issue. when i go to my playlist and look at the songs, usually itll have the album picture and the play button to preview the song. instead now, it only gives me the option to take off songs. i dont know songs by name, so trying to figure out what songs what is hell. i have to look up songs separately now to figure out what they are.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
651,Carissa Hillerns,"January 28, 2023","I have premium but recent update, when I try to play an artist (not on loop) it mixes in suggested songs when I'm done. normally I wouldn't care about this but I wanted it to stop after a certain time because I was falling asleep to music and when the playlist was done it kept going with the suggested songs :"") I looked in the settings but there is no option to turn it off yet, please add an option to turn this off🙏 at least for premium users. then you'll be 5 stars ✨",20 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
652,Phoenix Orozco,"January 21, 2023","Spotify has been my NO.1 go to app, ever since one of the most recent updates. I can't play the previous song, I only get 6 skips per hour, and I hate how many ads there are in one go. It's like 5 ads then my playlist. Sometimes it won't even play. Go use something else please. I'm probably gonna change music apps. Try to prove me wrong. Still doesn't work. Fix this damn app",142 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
653,denz #1,"December 30, 2022","investing in spotify premium that's up for 3 months has clearly been a good investment for me, since i'm really into music. and having the previlege to listen to anything i want without any interruptions is a great deal and i can also download any song or album!! 😭🫶 but i've been experiencing bugs, such as i cannot make a playlist conveniently and i cannot also put a playlist cover, they just won't let me. please fix this i love this app so much i can't live without this.",116 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
654,Lilly Kamaboko,"January 2, 2023","I used to really love the app when I first downloaded it, but now as I've used it more I've begining to see more and more ads after any song. Its become where after every thingle song it plays 3-5 ads uts become extremely annoying. I've also experienced problems with it too, sometimes when a song is over it won't play the next just pause it and the music bar disappears and I have to click on a different playlist and back in order to get the next song, and it happens over and over repeatedly.",8 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
655,Simon Mead,"January 12, 2023","Fantastic experience overall, but absolutely ruins everything with its terrible shuffle. Replays the same songs over and over in my 900 song playlists. Ive tried many things, but it will not resolve the problem and will just swap to a different set of songs to repeat over and over. Gets tiring. Will change review if this is solved or if someone gives a solution, though.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
656,Max Richter,"December 31, 2022","I really like using Spotify. It's got all of my favorite songs on it. The only real big complaints I have about it is 1. There's way too many advertisements for the free version. And 2. Sometimes when I play Spotify offline for some reason it will start playing random songs in my playlist that aren't even actually in my playlist. Other than that, it's good. Giving it a 4 our of 5.",11 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
657,Daniel Simpson,"January 30, 2023","Premium subscribers now are forced to listen to ads in podcasts. They can't be paused or stopped once they start because the audio controls are taken away. You have no choice but to exit the app or switch content to stop the ad. They just replaced the convenience of listening to music and podcasts in one app, with the frustration of being forced to listen to ads you paid to avoid.",16 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
658,I have no name,"January 14, 2023","I have 2 headphones, it's multiple songs, not the same, its been doing this ever since the January 11th update came out. Yes, it came out 2 days ago but 1. I listen to Spotify too much, and 2. Its never done this before. Whenever I listen to a song it pauses by itself and when I unpause it there is no audio. I deleted and reinstalled the app but now I cant log back into my account. Guess I'm back to listening to music with ads. I hate you, YouTube.",30 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
659,Alex C,"January 5, 2023","Well, I was going to rate it good, but now it gets a definite no. As soon as I skipped the ""rate me now"" thing, they removed my ability to click a song in my playlist, changed the whole user interface to remove a bunch of stuff like enhance, made it so you can't fast forward, made it so you can only ""skip"" like 5 songs? IDK why people like this pos app, but I guess it's good for them. Don't hold your users hostage!",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
660,Mike Lee,"February 5, 2023",Settings are meaningless. I watch some podcasts video feeds. There is a toggle for audio only while on cellular. It does nothing. I've turned it off and on and my Podcast still only gives me the audio. If you are a podcaster stay away from spotify. There is no place to report this bug and so there is no help for issues.,0,1,spotify
661,eve lani,"February 20, 2023","The new update is awful. Ads are in-built with no warning and so much louder than the baseline of the podcasts/music. I feel like I've been punched in the face. Not diffability-friendly Spotify! If you have the choice, don't update. And/or pick a different listening app. Any recommendations anyone?",0,1,spotify
662,Panagiotis Papaioannou,"January 12, 2023","As a concept, Spotify is fantastic. I have no objections whatsoever. When it comes to the apps, both Android and desktop, I have issues with. The desktop app keeps crashing and conflicting with other apps like MS Teams and the Android app constantly ""hijacks"" the convention from my desktop app every time I put my headphones on my rear so as to make a call. Also, at times the app on the phone crashes too. I have a family plan and it is worth the money but as a user experience it is very annoying",9 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
663,Andrew Glanz,"January 27, 2023","please for the love of god.. roll back the most recent UI change. song titles at the top of the screen is probably the worst change i have ever seen to this app. also, tapping the song title no longer brings me to the album. instead, it brings me to where that song is playing from (playlist, radio, etc.). please roll back these changes i am begging you this is horrible.",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
664,Golda David,"February 19, 2023","This app takes FOREVER to load. I even paid a subscription and hoped it would make it faster but it didn't so after several months I give up and unsubscribed. It shouldn't take 2-5 minutes for an app to load. No matter what wifi or cell service I'm on, this app takes too long, doesn't download episodes fully and is super annoying. It's too bad because the content is fantastic",0,1,spotify
665,Korbin Dallas,"January 7, 2023","Content is amazing but navigating the app is difficult. Please include an option to disable ""swipe next"" feature. I frequently jump forward or backward on accident due to this feature. Sometimes I'm just moving my phone to a new position or changing the volume when it registers a swipe. I have more issues and I have emailed Spotify but with limited success.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
666,Jason Meyer,"December 12, 2022","Constantly freezing since the new update. I will start a playlist and then it will randomly stop after a song or two. Just showing a square button and becomes completely unresponsive. Have to go in and choose a new playlist. Hopefully they fix this, otherwise I'll be switching to a different provider.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
667,Sarah S,"December 16, 2022","Layout for the notification bar should be customizable. It was changed with the last update and now I have to unlock my phone to skip to the next episode of a podcast. Also, the shuffle feature sucks. There are songs that I hear every time I listen to a playlist and then there are songs that I hardly ever hear unless I play them manually. This has been an issue for years.",352 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
668,Reggie Princeton,"December 8, 2022",I never got this app to work right with my car stereo. It would simpl not connect or start playing songs but the display would show it as disconnected and none of the controls worked. It's kind of stupid for me to have an app that forces me to shut off my car just for it to reset and work right. Plus the fact that the developers keep removing helpful features. Like why doesn't it remember my last song anymore when it works? Thunbs down for me.,9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
669,Cameron “Jester” Spangle,"February 20, 2023","I mean it's alright, don't get me wrong, I'm just sick and tired of having to fight with the app over it allowing background data. It's almost like every week or so I have to fiddle with the app or straight up uninstall and reinstall Spotify. Other than that, Spotify's perfectly fine.",0,4,spotify
670,Luis Flores,"December 31, 2022",The app is really nice but there are too many ads. I can't even listen to 5 songs after two songs there is always an ad. The spotify playlist update is way to hard to use. It like how spotify was in the old times it was way better and way easier to use unlike now. It even stops my songs and I have to go back on my phone to play the song again and it happens multipule times.,18 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
671,Kai Ten,"January 2, 2023","I came back to Spotify after years away. There were shockingly few ads at first, and I was starting to wonder if it was a bug. Now there are two very long unskippable ads after every 3 songs, now ONLY on shuffle with others mixed in. They'll even fill the space if they can't find an ad. I'm fine with willingly listening to a 15 second ad every 5-10 songs to support, but this takes all the joy out of it. I'm not likely to pay for premium if the free version isn't at least reasonably enjoyable.",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
672,Kimberly Hunter,"February 7, 2023","I pay for premium, and the music consistently stops mid song. I have cleared my cache and updated the app. I even tried to look under support to send an email, and there was no option. Why pay money for inconsistent music. I end up listening to the radio with ads instead.",0,1,spotify
673,Dmitry Zheleznyakov,"December 22, 2022","My recent experience with the app: my playlist is playing, then at some point, random Chirstmas songs start playing, and there is no way to switch them off and/or restart my playlist. They might think that enforcing those songs would create a Christmasy mood. Well, it's not, it's just ruining mine. Getting prime would likely solve the problem, but reward this behaviour, which I'd like to avoid.",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
674,April Huntley,"December 26, 2022","Generally love this app, however within the last week or so, it now either stops playing or skips like an old cd when the phone goes to lock screen. I have to constantly keep the screen active. I made no changes to my app, and I have googled and tried all the tricks (notifications/settings/etc). None of it works :( Annoying to have to keep activating the screen.",6 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
675,Spritey !!,"January 20, 2023","I use this app a lot but the thing i hate so much is the fact if you're using Spotify on your phone, it auto-shuffles and you can't turn it off. I do not want premium just to turn off the auto-shuffle. That stupid feature is on for playlists, albums, and even songs. I hate it so much and I wish you could turn it off. I can't find that shuffle button because it's not there. I hope you actually do something about it because it makes me so annoyed, this app is good but it's so annoying.",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
676,Andrew Stott,"January 14, 2023",I've been with Spotify since 2010 and it still has ridiculous bugs. Multiple times a week I go to search and try to find something and it tells me I have no internet connection even though I am simultaneously streaming music. How have you still not fixed this after so many years??? Also external links to Spotify (deep linking) doesn't work unless the app isn't running. So I often have to force stop the app and click the link again. Otherwise it just opens Spotify to whatever I had open before...,53 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
677,King Furgo,"January 20, 2023","I love the app more than any other music app, but you HAVE to fix the issue where Ill randomly get logged out and when I try to log back in it says something went wrong. I then need to uninstall the app and reinstall it just to sign back in but then all of my downloads are gone and it takes three hours to redownload my playlists. Its annoying, frustrating, and shouldn't happen. Fix it. Otherwise amazing app.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
678,T Snackx,"January 26, 2023","I always think it's funny that at times i notice Spotify has so many issues trying to stream. For some reason i can't get past 8 seconds before the audio cuts out. I change to the next song, it plays 8 seconds and stops again, however we pay the same subscription fee... Would you refund or credit for the days/times that were unable to use it when it is already paid for? Question is who's loss is that.",10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
679,Cameron Spatz,"January 16, 2023","Very easy to use and works very well even if your connection and internet is running short. I use premium and it is a very useful app for listening to any kind of music or podcast thats on your mind. The playlists are very accessible and downloading a whole playlist of songs ensures hours of non-stop listening even if your in the middle of no where and don't have any service. Overall is a very good app, I recommend premium to just about anyone.",210 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
680,Desy,"December 30, 2022","Now I'm paying for Spotify premium so ads are no longer a problem. Something that I find really annoying is that when I add a song to the queue and accidentally skip it, I can't go back to it (but it's not that big of a deal tbh). Also everytime i can't start a group session in the car with my friends because it plays from all our phones, it would be cool if we had the option to play from just one person. That's mostly it, overall a good music app if u have Spotify premium",22 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
681,Liz W,"December 26, 2022","The subscription is pricey and even when downloaded songs lag. Recently I can't even play songs from my playlists, even downloaded ones. Uninstalling and reinstalling to see if it fixed. Also once got tricked into paying a month for duo. Update: I can't even play downloaded songs on wifi without it stuttering. I have to go into airplane mode. I almost returned new headphones I just got thinking it was Bluetooth stutter.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
682,Jen,"January 14, 2023","I use this app every single day an i enjoy the wrappeds at the end of every year but for the most part i dont recommend, not being able to skip backwards to previous songs is ridiculous, not to mention not rewinding and the amounts of ads is insane. Theres about 2 between every single song. Not being able to listen to a particular song when you want is absurd too. And pretty much everything when you dont have premium is awful. Its a decent music app but pretty much unusable unless you pay :(",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
683,Austin Haring,"December 14, 2022","Listen. Love spotify to death, always used this app for all my music. With this new update, the same issue has been popping up repeatedly. Itll play one song and then once the song finishes it won't continue playing anymore music. It'll stop, not allow you to play that song or whatever playlist it is in and won't work without restarting the app repeatedly.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
684,Howard Booth,"January 12, 2023","Signed up 18 months ago so no issues with adds. Following a recent android update Spotify stopped working totally. Reinstalled it, reloaded all my music which didn't take too long. All's well again. Obviously if anyone knows of a similar incident with an easier solution I would welcome it. Really enjoy the app, especially offline mode whilst cycling. Only gripe is volume correction only works with Bluetooth or cable up to a point. Modern recordings are so much louder, difficult to achieve.",16 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
685,Anna Ščepetova,"January 10, 2023","I do love it and the music selection has improved a lot throughout the years but 1.Stop shoving podcasts down our throats and 2.I'm just recently having some weird technical issues switching between devices and using my phone as a remote for the app on my computer. It just doesn't switch devices. Or it just stops showing the current song on my phone. Or it shows the wrong song. Or a previously played song, but as if it's been playing for 20 mins, which it hasn't.",0,3,spotify
686,Vivian Yang,"January 2, 2023",I like the music but there are a lot of features that I hate and should be removed. The ads are always so annoying and makes listening to music worse and that the app adds random music to your playlists and it gets annoying that there are limited skips. You can't even skip through the musice. Another one is that it plays the recommended songs first. It gets really annoying. THE NEW UPDATE SUCKS NO ONE LIKES IT,9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
687,Kyle Brittain,"January 22, 2023","I use Spotify daily and there really isnt one bad thing that I can say about it. Wether I'm in my car, at home, or at school; Spotify is always what I listen to. It helps me find any song I want at any time. Another thing that I really like, is that it doesent matter if I have one bar of reception or four, the music plays the same. Overall Spotify is great!",68 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
688,Examined Fever,"January 5, 2023","The best, and at the same time, worst app for music. Your music is sutomatically sorted for you, and you can make a custom playlist easy! Underground artists and well known easy to find too! But every so often the app just breaks. Like, un-usable breaks. Then you gotta re-download the app 5 different times to get it to work again. Then one day you open it up again and boom gotta un-install again. This cycle has yet to be fixed or mentioned by spotify and there are countless forums about issues.",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
689,M.e.m573,"December 31, 2022","I love Spotify! But recently I've been having an issue with searching. (I'm on mobile.) I search for a song, the results come up fine. When I press on the song I want, it immediately crashes. I'm not very sure what to do about that.. Edit: I found what worked for me Incase you're having the same issue!! I uninstalled all my downloaded playlists, Then I signed out, Deleted app, Then I reinstalled it, logged back in, and now search works! (Maybe my playlists were messing with it?)",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
690,Madness Creates,"January 14, 2023","Alright, Spotify. Fix yourself. I was playing some music and it just randomly stopped, not paused, stopped. I did EV-ERY-THING i could think of to get it working again. I turned off my wifi and then turned on my mobile data, then i turned off the data and turned my wifi back on. Spotify worked again. At least for a little bit. I tried the data and wifi thing again, but it didn't work this time. Getting really annoyed.",28 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
691,Potato,"December 29, 2022",I used to love the app until I got it on my phone and now it won't let me listen to specific songs. It'll put it in a shuffled playlist that it auto generates and then I have to skip a bunch of songs just to get to the one I want to listen to. It works fine on my tablet and computer but this is just very disappointing as it's inconvenient for me to have to go get and turn on Spotify on my tablet if I'm not using it.,7 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
692,wilshned,"February 5, 2023",I love it great service. Wish the app had tabs like a web browser so I could jump between multiple songs or playlists and not lose my place in my podcast. Atm if I'm in the middle of a podcast and want a song I have to go search the song and lose my place in the pod. Then scroll again for ages to to find episode x when I want that podcast back.,4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
693,Jeremy K,"January 26, 2023","So every update makes this app worse and worse. Constantly telling me I have no internet connection, when I'm in my home and know for a fact I do. Randomly switching songs at times. But the biggest issues are the first two. It makes the app unusable sometimes. Edit: I wrote this original review in 2019. It's still true.",34 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
694,Korbin Ludwig,"January 14, 2023","Pauses music permanently at random times in the song. I can switch to a different song, but it will not play the paused song again. Ever. Tried uninstalling-reinstalling, clearing cache, connected/unconnected to wifi, and power cycled my device. Can't listen to 9 songs in my discover. I tried giving a chance in 2023, but I'll go back to YouTube music. Better quality",25 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
695,Ty& Lucian Hill,"December 5, 2022","Overall a good I app to listen to music with I guess but I have a few problems. First of all, you can't choose to play one song over and over again if you want to. Also, I really don't like how you can't replay a playlist. And how it keeps playing recommended songs after it's finished playing my liked songs is really annoying because I don't really like to listen to Christmas music when I want to listen to my playlist music.",0,3,spotify
696,ber ber,"December 15, 2022","Was great for years, but after the last update, it's gotten very annoying. If you pause a Playlist and close app, then go back to it later it clears everything after one song and I have to open and close it a few times to get it to even respond because it basically freezes. It says it's playing a random song, but yet it's not.",10 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
697,J M,"December 18, 2022","After this update I'm having trouble connecting the app in the car and my Bluetooth speakers at home. Randomly stops, totally freezes, or my previous playlist is back in the library. I have to open the app everytime to start playing again. This only happened after the most recent update on the 13th Dec, there is obviously a bug somewhere. I pay for premium along with many others, please fix it!",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
698,Joseph Katz,"December 28, 2022","I've been using Spotify for quite some time now, and I really enjoy how simple and easy it is for me to play and discover new songs. I did get premium to get rid of the ads which is great when listing to songs but it bothers me when I'm listing to a podcast and there is 3 or more ads in it, hopefully the developers can fix that.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
699,karen rinn,"January 8, 2023","I have had to re-install it several times since last update because I cannot get this app to turn Off! It is using up so much battery life. I used to use this in conjunction with Shazam to find additional music by artists and create playlists. Sadly, cannot shuffle music and random songs are thrown in. The last attempt to re-install and play music before I permanently delete my account 🙃",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
700,Danger M,"January 24, 2023","The play bar disappearing issue is STILL happening 3 damn years later. Anytime you're playing on another device, this damn app will randomly get stuck, the play bar will disappear and will not fix even after app restarts and force stopping it. Then it shows the incorrect song even if youre on another device. I even re-installed. What is up with yall??? 3 YEARS. You do not care about this app at all man. Why do I even pay for premium. I think it's about time I moved on man. I'm so so tired of it",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
701,addie :D,"December 21, 2022","I love this app, it's a solid music app! I don't have the premium version so ads are a pain. I usually get an ad(s) every few songs. It's kind of annoying, I should probably get the premium version so that's on me. The song selection is very good, I can usually find whatever I want on here!! Honestly if your going to make Spotify your music app just get premium, but still I like it a lot :)",172 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
702,marco mrxi,"February 18, 2023","Android Version is so prone to crash and keeps lagging. Also deletes downloads all the time and stays in starting display. When in offline mode it still tries to load things when e.g. mobile data is turned on and it's getting worse with every update. For what am I paying 10 euros? I love spotify and music, but that's just annoying.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
703,J G,"December 28, 2022","Works as expected with a massive library. My only complaint is the repetetiveness of 'Made for you' playlists. I have liked hundreds of songs, yet it always seems to dish out the same 20-30 selections no matter what, which led to my 2022 end of year summary being dominated mostly by songs that are just okay, but I'm not that into.",40 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
704,Joe Baranski,"December 15, 2022","Recent update broke Car Mode? First off, fix car mode. I don't need to be reminded it's entering Car Mode and have to confirm every single time. And a new issue popped up where it simply won't move to the next song in the playlist. The lock screen controls won't work, and you have to open the app, confirm Car Mode, and select through to a new playlist because app controls won't even be an option anymore. Tried turning off car mode and still am left without playback controls at all",47 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
705,oink oink,"January 8, 2023","My music pauses every 5 seconds with this new update, clearing the cache, signing out everywhere and changing my password does nothing. I've checked every battery optimization setting as well. I can't listen to my music because your app keeps pausing on Android. This has been a recurring issue for 2+ years and after a useless hour on the phone with customer service it seems to still have no fix.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
706,Zoé Saevarsson,"January 9, 2023","I like Spotify, however it was basically unusable without premium. The not being able to skip or choose the song you want to play is a downer. The ads are basically just from Spotify for you to get premium. The sound quality is alright but it seems to be quiter than if I listen to music on any other platform. When having Spotify premium it is easy to use and a overall good experience.",11 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
707,Ivona Alexandra,"December 22, 2022","the new update sucks. Please change it and let me have the before version. It keeps lagging, crashes and gives 4 ads at once after only playing 1 or 2 songs. I absolutely hate how the playlist looks now, I liked to be able to listen to a portion of the song and see the damn album cover photo but nah you just had to take all of that away. Fix this horrendous update!! Literally no one is happy.",25 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
708,Cindy Robertson,"December 11, 2022","100% of the time I connect to Bluetooth or directly via USB, the first song doesn't play. I have to disconnect and then start the Playlist over. Sometimes it decides to stop playing while I'm driving. It's not safe to drive while trying to fix this problem. I'm close to ending my subscription because there are too many issues that have come up in the last 2 years that make driving less safe.",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
709,Cassie Werner,"February 19, 2023","I hate the shuffle algorithm. It repeats the same few songs over & over again even though I have over 5000 to choose from. Because of that I will never give this app more than a single star. I pay for premium, but I still spend too much time scrolling for music because Spotify refuses to offer a true shuffle. I can only assume this is because of greed. Greed is evil, no? The shuffle algorithm is evil.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
710,Octoling E29,"December 16, 2022","As of the latest update, when I pause a song in a playlist, it pauses the song, but when I wanna skip to the next song after maybe 5 minutes of pausing then the next song doesn't show up and the playlist just stops playing completely! I've been talking with my roommate about it, she has the same issue. Also, I want the old shuffle function back!",22 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
711,Brittany-Lee Powell,"December 29, 2022",Pros: recommend playlist or songs are usally spot on. The artist radios are well balanced. Have playlist for every mood or time period and artist. I am in the free verskon. The ads are entertaining or informative . motify new music of new artist. Cons: kicks me out on all devices when signed in a different location while travelling before confirming it was me that was signed. I travel frequently and it is annoying because i have to change my password like 2 or 3 times every month.,0,4,spotify
712,Paul Parker,"February 12, 2023","Hate it. That was over a year ago and now that I don't have premium or pay anything I really don't know how anyone likes it, more adds then regular TV. Can't access your favorite songs Can only skip 6 songs every hour which is stupid because between songs you don't like and adds you just wasted more time in your day that you just deleted out of your life you will never get back ever! Don't waste the time or money. Worse dam app unless you don't mind paying all the time that should be free",0,1,spotify
713,Not Pulse,"December 10, 2022","I'm not sure what's going on with this app now, but if it decides to start playing music when it connects to your car (like it should) it will only play the current song and stop. Then when you open the app to restart your playlist (whether you restart the app or not) it will show that it's either currently paying the playlist with nothing playing, or refuse to pay when you press play. You have to select a song for it to start playing. I've uninstalled this trash.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
714,Daniel Ivan Lin,"January 14, 2023","i've always found spotify's interface to be very intuitive and user-friendly, but the most recent update, which removes recently played music from the library tab doesn't make much sense to me. the new algorithm for adding tracks to playlists is also frustratingly terrible - i create training playlists daily, yet every time i attempt to add a track to a new playlist, the first to show is one i haven't used in at least a month, but spotify insists is my most active. please bring back the old ui!",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
715,Martin Balcz,"February 14, 2023","Content is ok, but also Spotify cannot live up to the playlist flexibility of a browser which unfortunately has been terminated years ago. The references from one artist or music piece are not fitting everywhere. Automatic playlists made from my own library are disastrous, if manual made playlists wouldn't be so complicated to create I would prefer that over Spotify automatic ones.",0,3,spotify
716,Travis Adams,"February 16, 2023","Newest update no longer prompts, if you accidentally attempt to song already in your playlist. The problems with the correct song appearing in the player have returned with this update! Serious casting issues to multiple devices. It's this app, not elsewhere. Reverts back to previously played song instead of current, etc.",0,4,spotify
717,Faye Holloway,"December 14, 2022","I love spotify and I've used it for about 9 years, but recently the app has been frustrating me so much. My music will stop playing, the play bar will disappear, and no matter whether I clear cache or force stop the app, it doesn't work. When it works it's great, but recently it's been not working more than working I find.",6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
718,NigHThawk6024,"January 18, 2023","Well I tried to sign in on my phone and it signs with the smart sign in thing, which is fine, but it says email and password combination is incorrect, ok that's fine, I click on and it will take me back to the sign in screen for a split second and then tries to sign in with smart sign in thing again and keeps doing when I click on.. FIX PLEASE!! Spotify has always been my go to music app, I don't want to look for another!!",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
719,Rachel L,"December 29, 2022","Normally I'd give Spotify 5 stars, but since I started getting the ""smart shuffle"" recommendation I'm bumping it to 3. I don't want smart shuffle. Let me disable it. If I wanted different songs on my playlists, I would add them. Such as it is, I do not, and the songs on my playlists are there for a reason, and the ones that aren't, are not there for a reason. 😀 It's garbage, let me turn it off entirely",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
720,Kayley Randall,"December 14, 2022","I guess it's the new update but it has just stopped working. It will play maybe on song from my playlist and then switch to some other playlist! And when I switch it, it freezes and I need to literally restart my entire phone. But it does the same thing over again. Also, it won't play my playlist at all until I've played a song from another playlist with no relation and go back and try to play what I want. Ads and music keep pausing for no reason.. Please fix this. I'm about to uninstall.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
721,Tony Atkinson,"January 6, 2023","Gets worse and worse as time goes on. Marketing has too much control over the user experience. Modal popups while driving, forced promotion stickied to your home screen for things you've never listened to (like podcasts). Looking forward to the future case study on how to lose premium subscribers and disappoint people who just want to listen to music. Also the single worst shuffle algorithm in any music app I've used. I can play a list with 20 songs for 12hr and never hear a quarter of them...",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
722,Donald Thornsberry,"December 12, 2022","So I've been a premium subscriber for awhile now, now with the latest update, I listen to 3 or 4 songs on my playlist and then it just stops. Can't hit next or back. Only way I can listen to my Playlist is having to go back to my Playlist and hit shuffle again. Only for it to play 3 or 4 more songs again. It's ridiculous. Please fix this issue or I will be forced to use a different streaming service. Emailed them about it and waiting for a response.",8 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
723,Daniel Segal,"January 30, 2023","A couple of missing featues I would love: 1. A simple way of viewing and editing playlists a given track is in using a single interface is a must 2. A basic view count would be nice. The many buys this app add were actually fixed so that's good. 3. When listening to songs added to queue, you can't go to previous song because Spotify removes songs after they have been played. Which is super annoying.",16 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
724,Mitch Harrison,"December 10, 2022","If you want to restart an app 3 times before you can listen to what you selected or want to wait 2 minutes for a 2 minute song to load then you picked the right app! It's not like that on every boot up, but it happens enough to where you can say it's definitely an issue. Also shout out to the probably 3 people Spotify hire to make the app, no fault on you all just the company.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
725,Crys Ueno,"December 19, 2022","I am also a premium subscriber. I usually have no problem with the app, but lately I have been experiencing glitches where my music fades and just pauses altogether without my telling it to do so in any way. I like their new audio book feature though I find it a bit expensive. I also wish spotify offered a 360, dolby atmos or, or hi-fi listening option.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
726,Karissa Colonel,"February 4, 2023","Spotify has charged me for the last 3 months for Spotify premium and I still have Spotify free. I had to listen to ads even though they are charging me $10 a month not to have to listen to ads. The Android app is complete trash. It's hard to navigate and the company steals your money. Beware do not accept their free trial of Spotify premium. Not only will the free trial not start, but once they payment details on file you will be charged for a service that you won't get. So mad right now.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
727,Anitta skaria,"February 7, 2023","I am using Spotify for some good amount of time, but these day's after it has updated it has changed you cannot skip songs as per your likeness, playlist can be saved properly, neither the song you want to hear as some other songs play in the playlist. Request you Spotify to kindly upgrade the system as it is too much of nuisance.",0,2,spotify
728,Ryan Daniels,"December 10, 2022","I absolutely love Spotify, but here lately I've been having an issue where my music will randomly stop playing, and the bar at the bottom that displays the song I'm listening to disappears. I've tried force closing, reinstalling, turning airplane mode on and off, and nothing has stopped this issue from happening. Literally if this issue is resolved it's 5 stars all day, but I'm tired of having to start my music back over.",8 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
729,Nicole Harder,"January 19, 2023","Liked songs are not updating - cleared cache, went offline/online, reinstalled, etc. This seems to be an ongoing problem with no solution for the last few years. Also, I would love the option of highlighting multiple songs to add to a playlist instead of having to do it individually.",8 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
730,Katerina Cosmai Gwiazda,"January 18, 2023","This is where I came when all my favorite music apps were killed... Now the devs seem to be destroying this one in a grab for more money. What is a music app that won't let you listen to the music you want to hear? Increased ads, interrupted songs, forced shuffle, unable to actually see a playlist - unless you upgrade to premium... I could stand the ads as long as I could actually find & listen to the songs I want to hear when I want. Looking for a Spotify replacement.",8 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
731,Diego González,"December 4, 2022","I love the app, but the recent update released is makes the app freeze, I'm not able to access my lists, and some local files that I've downloaded, used to work before now it doesn't... Please try a new patch or a better update Besides, the new update doesn't keep the music saved on your phone to play it when it's offline, I've downloaded all my music and when I turned off my phone and back on... It disappeared!!!",13 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
732,Sofairah Graham,"January 8, 2023",It was working very well until it popped up with this thing saying I either have to deal with ads or get premium. It started only allowing me to listen to previews of my playlist songs. I am no longer able to listen to my favourite songs. I also can't press the repitition button any more. It allows me to on my laptop so I don't understand. And I am not allowed to get premium. So far not impressed.,56 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
733,Ben Haynos,"February 10, 2023",I have had this app for long enough and have built a pretty substantial account that I'd rather not give it up. That being said I think that if I am paying for premium I should be able to have access to everything. I don't like having to download other apps for my listening needs( more specifically audiobooks) because spotify has me locked out regardless of the premium price I'm paying. I am a pretty loyal customer but perhaps it is time to go to YouTube Red and begin the rebuild.,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
734,Praise Emma-Iwuozo,"January 25, 2023","I really love the app. It's helped to even bring to my knowledge new songs that I never even thought exist. The way it only offers you what you want. Not imposing music on you is another wonderful feature it has. Nevertheless for this I couldn't give it 5stars. It doesn't make provision for downloading songs that I really love. I think the producers should look into that. That being the only problem, I give this app a 👍👍👍",9 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
735,Blair Mrachek,"December 5, 2022","I'm deducting stars because it's been 10+ years & they still haven't fixed a lot of simple problems, particularly the online & offline modes. It's pretty rare for the app to actually recognize that you're on WiFi. I constantly have to go to the home screen, then settings, then turn off the offline mode because 99% of the time that I'm on WiFi, Spotify doesn't recognize it. Blatant complacency always fails & Spotify has been blatantly complacent about many things that have been bad for 10+ years",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
736,Kevin,"December 18, 2022",It's a bit difficult to find new tracks unless it's on a playlist somewhere. I would prefer a search that was by year and genre . Audio quality seems a bit poor if you ask me. Probably the most annoying thing is if you click your library it always goes to the default view not the last view you used. Dropped a star just for the last part.,18 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
737,Marko Maric,"December 4, 2022","Bad useability. Spotify seems to assume its userbase is stupid. The new Library makes no sense, I can't easily access my downloaded podcasts. Can't simply shuffle all downloaded music. Can't add a song to the end of your queue. Stupid playlist advertisements that pop up every time I go to the Home page even on premium. My queue seems to reset when I try to resume playing it later. Poorly developed app and every update makes it worse.",19 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
738,Stefanie Arnold,"January 9, 2023","Spotify Free Sucks major @$$. You can't pick any specific song like you used to years ago. Every single album is on shuffle. Disgrace, their free version 100% turns me off to their paid version, though I liked it ok when I did pay. By the way, the paid version doesn't even remove podcast ads but you can skip them. The player has frequent issues where you need to kill the app entirely to be able to select new songs.",22 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
739,Samantha Garver,"January 12, 2023","I love Spotify. I've been a daily premium user for something like 10 years now. I'm in the top 0.02% of listeners world wide. I would absolutely recommend Spotify for serious everyday music listeners. I can't speak to the regular features, because I've always just had premium. But lately there is a weird bug that when I go to edit my queue now, the last one or two songs don't get removed when I try to remove them. It's kind of annoying and I really wish it would be fixed soon.",22 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
740,Mihnea Savu,"February 12, 2023","When using the app in a place with no reception/WiFi like a plane or the underground my liked songs list does not load, it instead shows a spinner forever. I routinely have to force stop the app, then turn off my data and WiFi in settings then open Spotify to get the already downloaded songs to appear instead of a loading page. This happens every time when I have the app open while going from the outside into a place with poor/no connectivity",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
741,Lana Kellogg,"February 12, 2023","Its fine for streaming. I just have a problem when I want to listen to a specific band, but spotify decides that its a mix or plays one song from that band and then switches to something else. I want control over what I listen to. Spotify does not give that.",0,3,spotify
742,Giuliana Lavallee,"February 17, 2023",Once again the update makes it so it so songs stop playing in the middle over and over you have to hit play again and it restarts the song. Really useless when you're trying to listen to music and work out. And I'm a premium member so I pay to not listen to music. Please fix it!!!!!!,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
743,Joshua Lattime,"January 14, 2023","Last update broke the app on my phone. Spotify tells me I have no internet connection. My connection is just fine, and all other apps are using my internet just fine. Only Spotify has an issue. And it's an issue that renders the app useless. I'd cancel my premium account right now if the app would let me, but of course that would require the app to properly connect to my internet. Don't you check these things before you send an update out?",31 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
744,Cassandra Moore,"January 26, 2023","Was working great until today. Sudden loading times for anything in app, plus error messages that are unhelpful at best. Uninstaller and reinstalled just to find out nothing logs you in. Just another error message saying 'something' went wrong. I have seen a lot of other reviews that tell me this most recent update is to blame. There's no point in subscribing to something if you can't use it, so I guess I'll cancel until they figure all these glitches out. If they bother.",0,3,spotify
745,Sarah Weeks,"December 12, 2022","Bad update! Every time we get in our cars, it will connect and play one song and then stop playing and won't even hold the Playlist being used. By then we are driving.... We have to select a new Playlist or start the current one over. It is very annoying and unsafe. It happens in both cars on multiple phones. Please fix this.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
746,Kioko,"December 13, 2022","Look don't get me wrong I love using spotify its a great app. I love to play my music when coming home from trips. But with the new update it's super glitchy and after 2 or 3 songs the app will completly freez. Even when I try and see if I liked the song I can't because it only shows a ""remove from playlist"" button. Hopefully this get reseolved. :]",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
747,Joel White,"January 18, 2023","I'm losing my love for Spotify. I use it mainly to listen to podcasts and am often in areas with poor or no cell reception. App often fails to recognize that I've already downloaded podcasts. They're in My Episodes, but I get the swirling circle instead of the ""downloaded"" icon. I have to put my phone in airplane mode to stop the app from trying to verify the download or whatever it's doing, with about 75% success. The other times I have to download again.",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
748,Bryce Medlock,"January 10, 2023","The absolute best way to listen to music. All the new albums as soon as they're dropped, good quality, play in the background, everything you want. I've convinced several people to use it, my friends and I have listening parties. If you don't have premium the app is way worse though.",13 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
749,Ivva M,"February 4, 2023","Shut my phone three times in past 6 months, I'm done. I'm not talking just restarting it, in this case my screen goes completely black and it's unresponsive (my phone is still on, doesn't react). Had to force restart it. I wouldn't complain if I weren't paying for monthly subscription, but since I am, I'm very angry that this happens with a phone that's 9 months old, almost new. No other app did this, didn't have problems with my phone in general, except for this. Not happy at all.",0,1,spotify
750,Amelia Crocker,"December 13, 2022",Recently we've lost the ability to see what's on a playlist or album before playing it. I used to be able to go in to view a playlist to make a judgement on whether or not to listen to it and now that is gone. Such a shame because it means I don't really want use the app anymore as I can't see what I'm listening to. Loved this app for years but now I'm considering moving elsewhere because its only really usable now on my laptop,5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
751,Hindy Zucker,"February 9, 2023","I love everything about spotify, wrapped, blends, for you playlists, except for one. Shuffle mode. It stinks. When I shuffle a playlist, I want it shuffled. I do not want you to handpick five songs and play them on repeat. My liked songs playlist has a thousand or something songs, so why do I hear the same twenty songs over and over?? If it was a proper shuffle, I shouldn't hear the same song for at least a few days. I tried turning off automix in my settings and have seen some improvement.",0,4,spotify
752,River,"December 16, 2022",I would have given a 4 if I didn't have triple the ads after having a 3 month free trial for premium. I don't have the money to pay for it. I understand the ads. It's a way to make money. Just don't bomb us with them when we can't pay for the subscription. After every 3 songs it's about 4-5 add that arnt even geared to me. And there long ads or the same ad for like 2 mins.,0,3,spotify
753,Trevor Marples,"December 5, 2022","It's seems Spotify has just removed the only unique feature that has kept me a subscriber. The ""add to homescreen"" button for albums and playlists made it feesable for me to sort the dozens of new albums released each week I was yet to listen to, and the bizzare decision to remove this fantastic feature has also removed any need to stay with Spotfiy. For the time being I'll be using an old APK, until this is corrected or my subscription expires.",9 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
754,Лидия Зайцева,"February 3, 2023","The last update has ""your friends on the same network now have access to your playlists and what you are listening to!"" feature, and there's no option to turn it off. Are you kidding? Why on earth I would want to share this, especially with virtually any stranger in the same cafe or hotel? Besides, why on earth I don't have a ""NEVER SHARE MY MUSIC WITH ANYONE"" setting? Why on earth don't you fix the sync between my devices instead of creating brand new vulnerabilities?",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
755,Will McBride,"February 10, 2023","(Spotify Premium user) Lately been having an issue where downloaded songs are not indicated as downloaded when viewing an album. Oddly, favoriting the album (without downloading it in full) shows the downloaded songs, and removing said album from the library reverts this. Edit: now the app crashes while scrolling down an artist's profile while listening to one of their songs",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
756,Jacob Crawford,"December 8, 2022",I love Spotify! The reason I didn't give you a 5 star rating is because there's one simple flaw that's really annoying. When scrolling through a playlist if I accidentally touch the heart on a liked song it'll remove it from my liked playlist without verifying that I wanted to remove it. There's a lot of songs that I like the first time I hear them and I won't even know the name of the song or the artist. Give collaborative playlists more exposure. They're awesome to but most don't know about em,6 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
757,Dezi Bauer,"February 1, 2023","I like that they changed the way we view playlist back to how it was. Its easier for me to find the songs I want to remove/add. But now it does not play any of the songs on my playlist. When I put my music on, it plays maybe one or two if the songs on that playlist, then it just plays random songs.",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
758,Alan Baker,"January 15, 2023",After Restart Spotify moves saved playlists from SD card to internal storage. This has been a problem for years and Spotify has not addressed it.. And don't tell me to go to the community forums. I've been there.... FIX IT or don't call it premium. Cause it's sub par. Now the smart shuffle feature makes my listening experience in to a headache. If you press the shuffle button 2x it'll put your play list in to smart shuffle. So if you have a big playlist it will freeze to add random songs.,26 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
759,Monica Price,"December 30, 2022","It's better than Amazon Prime Music lately. I do appreciate that I can play it on my stupid Echo Dots and choose where I want it to play. BUT with a paid subscription, it keeps playing the same songs over and over. If I remove a song from my playlist, it starts all over from the queue. I'd be tickled pink to delete the friggin' queue and just play my freaking playlist. I'm fed up with it now!",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
760,Lyndsey Masters,"January 21, 2023","I've only had the app and subscribed to premium for three or so days. The app keeps crashing on me and pausing mid song every other song. I've done everything that Google reviews have suggested, including downloading songs to avoid poor wifi connections and restarting the app and my phone. I'm the only one of my account so it's not that it's playing on another device somewhere. I paid for this? Pandora with ads is less frustrating.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
761,Sarah Davis,"January 1, 2023","Recently, whenever I'm playing a playlist, Spotify will start playing songs that aren't on said playlist. It doesn't matter if it's my playlists or not, Spotify will start playing recommended songs, and it's gotten really annoying. I just want listen to certain songs, not Spotify thinks I'll enjoy. It also stops playing songs at random intervals, and I have to go open app to start them again. It's becoming tedious to constantly have to keep plan eye on my music when I'm doing to do other things",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
762,Matthew Lemmers,"January 8, 2023","Decided to install this app again after a long time using only YouTube music. Used to love the interface but got rid of the program due to their (at the time) arbitrary 10k song limit. It does have a few features which should be standard, built-in sleep timer, and the social aspect of it is kind of neat. That being said, what's with this whack new design? It used to be a pleasant looking app, now it is this muddled mess. Also it doesn't support dynamic theming which would set it apart on Android",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
763,Andrew Altamirano (Kei),"December 12, 2022","There is a bug that many have been experiencing, which I have as well, regarding the play queue. When you pause the music, then close the app to background, it clears the play queue, even if you have repeat on. The result is that you can resume your current song, but there are no songs to play after. It's an infuriating bug, and I REALLY hope that Spotify fixes this soon. Great experience before, nearly unusable now, will be using my Apple Music subscription until this is fixed.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
764,Kiley Lenington,"January 28, 2023","Always super fun and great! I do wish that the recommended songs recommended other songs except the same ones over and over again, but otherwise it's perfectly good! And as someone without premium on Spotify, it's annoying to have so many ads, so maybe remove a few? And it's not 30 minutes between ads, I'm calling you out Spotify 🤨. But overall 5 stars.",12 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
765,caleb,"January 8, 2023","its okay, but the shuffle mode is very poor. my main playlist is 7hrs 55mins and the same 15-ish songs just play on repeat, with a new one every hour or so. it also sometimes repeats the same song maybe 4 songs apart, even though there are tens of other songs to go through. in addition, when searching up an artist, you cant see all the songs that they have made, for some reason. you have to search each one of the songs up individually.",14 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
766,Em R,"January 7, 2023",Spotify has gotten all screwed up somehow. I've had specific playlists for a long time and they have certain types of music in each one. Lately when i play a playlist certain songs play that aren't even in the playlist i chose to play. It's screwed up playing the wrong songs for specific playlists. Until this is fixed i am not a fan. I want my playlists to stop being interrupted by songs that are completely irrelevant to them. Like it's always been before.,6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
767,Kathleen Gudiel,"January 27, 2023","I have premium and lately I've noticed my queue getting all messed up. It'll either play the same set of ~70 songs over and over on a loop in a playlist that has 1000+ songs... or it'll duplicate several songs in a row so I'll listen to the same 4 songs on loop before it moves on to the next songs in the queue. I have no idea what this bug is, but it hasn't been resolved in the last couple of updates.",18 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
768,wsm 10,"December 23, 2022","Good selection & mostly good features, however I'm getting increasingly annoyed that every update changes my settings & how I use Spotify, especially with the ridiculously annoying autoplay or recommended music after a Playlist finishes. I pay so I can listen to what I want when I want to & have to turn it back off with every update. It's unacceptable & annoying to deal with. There's other things changing every update as well, but that's by far the worst.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
769,Joshua Martin,"January 19, 2023",The app just stops playing music. I can get maybe an hour in then it just stops. I push play on my headphone nothing. I have a galaxy s21+. Not a bad phone. I work in a clean room so I can't pull my phone to constantly reset the app. YouTube premium never had these issues. I will be switching back. Spotify is the same price as YouTube with allllllllll the problems. YouTube premium is the better service better app.,4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
770,Ryan Pearce,"January 8, 2023","I can't believe they missed the very obvious use case of ""offline mode"" being disabled when on Wi-Fi and only active when using mobile data. Additionally, Casting is unreliable and regularly the app gets stuck in a perpetual ""connecting"" state with no way to change the output source or cancel the attempt to connect (hint for devs:. If the device hasn't responded for over 10 seconds, much less 10 minutes, odds are it's not going to respond. Nor does the user still expect it to...)",12 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
771,Chelsea Hamburg,"December 15, 2022",Is anybody else having issues since the last update. I keep losing sound and then it stops playing and I have to re-select a Playlist and start over. Especially if I connect to Bluetooth devices. I absolutely live by this app. Favorite app on my phone by far. But this current issue is really frustrating me.,0,4,spotify
772,Edgar Lopez,"December 14, 2022","Update 12/5/22 app plays only 1 song when it connects through bluetooth and stops playing. I need to shut app down and restart it so that it can continue playing. Seems like every update creates a new issue. Probably will be cancelling account and looking for a new streaming service. Update 2/4/22 Will not connect to the Spotify app on my Kenwood DDX775BH. I have an Android but my girls I-phone works with no issues. It is good, makes you high, makes you really want to go",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
773,Chelsey Roberts,"December 5, 2022","Not sure what happened but the way podcasts play episodes is all messed up now. It used to be that if there was only a minute or so left it would be marked as 'played' and then I could set it to unplayed episodes and listen to the ones I haven't listened to. Now it replays episodes I've already listened to (with a couple minutes remaining on them or completely played) despite being on 'unplayed' episodes, quite annoying.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
774,Naomi Diane Hazlett,"January 19, 2023","Overall, I enjoy using the app and find that there's a wide range of music and ambience to enjoy. However, even though I download songs to play when I'm out of signal range (camping, subway), the app does not load. Very frustrating as I'd like to access my music when I'm offline.",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
775,Simon “Martin Smith” Ash,"December 6, 2022","Spotify needs to spend more money on their app and less and on obnoxious American podcasts. The app never connects my Chromecast audio, so I can't stream through my actual stereo. I get the same 20 - 50 songs in ALL my ""for you"" playlists. It doesn't seem to sinc across devices. The song I was listening to on my phone won't be the song playing when I open it up on my laptop. Overall, work is need.",8 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
776,Fernando Ramirez,"January 24, 2023","This app is unnecessarily difficult, when compared to other apps such as Apple Music and Google Play. Finding songs is a bit of an adventure. It's easier to Google a song and tap on the Spotify icon. Using voice search on the Pixel, the right song won't play always. I'll get Sweet Child O' Mine (acoustic version). Spotify, you need to step your game up. Try to make it so that the requested songs come from those I have saved before the ones that get looked up.",26 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
777,Cherri0,"December 5, 2022","Spotify Basic is so bad. So so bad. I use Spotify on my Xbox and my phone. On thr Xbox I have no issue because it's basically premium with ads every 5-6 songs. But oh my god is it horrible on the phone. The whole ""30 minutes of uninterrupted listening"" thing is a total lie. Just straight up not true. You get maybe 15 minutes then you get literally like 4-5 30 second ads. And it's even worse then that sometimes. Well they won't let me write anymore, but yeah Spotify Basic on the phone is garbo.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
778,al3x andra,"December 15, 2022",Really great app to use for music... If it doesn't work for you than maybe it's your phone that's not working... because this app works great... the only thing I hate is that there's ads. That's the only thing that I don't like. 👍(2019) Edit (2022)- I hate it that it plays other songs that are not in the playlist that I created. The ads are getting annoying more and more 😭 this thing rlly wants me to get premium.,0,3,spotify
779,Toby Fielstra,"January 29, 2023",App is very buggy at times. Going by the support they always want to blame it all on internet connection. If that's the case it should be popping up with some kind of message stating something like that. One of my biggest issues is the inconsistency of where the hide song is. Too often in every genre that I've listened to their songs that I can't stand and cannot easily get it to stop playing that song.,10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
780,Becky Schanck,"December 14, 2022","I switched over from Pandora in July and have enjoyed this app/service. However, recently it will only play one song and stop, even though it says it's playing. It does it on my phone and in my car. This has been so frustrating! I close and reopen the app. I have even tried restarting my phone and uninstalling/reinstalling. Please fix this!!",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
781,Gilbert wu,"December 30, 2022","I don't know if Spotify reads these reviews. But that update that includes lyrics with the song is perfect. Keep it going! User interface and organizing can be improved though Update: 12/2022, Spotify has this werid issue where if your internet is weak, it won't load your offline playlists. I have to turn on airplane mode for it to work.",0,3,spotify
782,Anna Pisoni,"December 1, 2022","There's definitely something wrong with the app. The wrapped is weird and there are metrics missing. I actually have entire songs I have listened repeatedly to not showing up in the playlist and in the screens, except then they have miraculously appeared the next day on the playlist at random spots but nothing on the recap. It makes me uncomfortable knowing I can't trust what should be my own data, I don't like being manipulated at all. Considering deleting my Premium account.",26 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
783,Bryan,"January 18, 2023","Lots of music and it syncs up with my Alexa device well. However, I've cancelled and won't be back due to Spotify-inserted ads in podcasts. These ads have so far been in German, French and Danish and seem to fire every 30 minutes. I haven't heard English yet. All are absolute garbage. Absolutely unacceptable on a paid-for service. Music also would occasionally glitch, pausing and stuttering. Overpriced, anti-consumer and glitchy.",126 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
784,Lewis Erb,"January 24, 2023","It is extremely inconsistent on the homepage. Whenever I open it up they will show me new music for me or the next day it will be something different and I really like seeing the new music. Sometimes it will even randomly change after I open the app. ..... Worse now than ever. Downloaded playlists won't play with their new enhanced shuffle. You now have to toggle through shuffle, smart shuffle. I guess enhanced shuffle requires internet and shuts the whole app down without service.",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
785,Anthony R.,"January 8, 2023","Not sure what happened...maybe an update. But it's impossible to get any tech support from spotify. My issue is that once I have music playing and back out to do whatever...it completely stops the song from continuing, then resets it back to the beginning of song...while still paused. Super frustrating..I can't even listen to music now and I PAY for this junk. can anyone help me please? Why can't my music run in the background? Why can't it play while my screen is off? New phone that works great",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
786,mr e30,"January 26, 2023","Paying premium for songs that don't play over 10-15 seconds. Songs don't load/play. Service is spotty. I cannot even login after updating, reinstalling and restarting my device. Tried wifi and mobile data, same issues. The app has progressively gotten worse in just the last year. I have a Samsung galaxy S10E. My friends with Apple products have the same issues. I'm fed up with this service I pay monthly for, to not even be able to use it. Fix this app or lose a 12 year account. You choose.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
787,Jordan,"December 14, 2022","The latest update has a lot of issues. When you exit the app, it will forget what you're listening after just 1 song. It won't continue playing your playlist from where you left off. I do not listen to podcasts; stop trying to shove them down my throat. Android Auto integration also now breaks when the Spotify app isn't open before plugging in. All of this plus the lack of Hifi, which was promised years ago, and no Roon integration makes me want to just drop Spotify altogether for Apple/Amazon.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
788,Nate,"January 10, 2023","I've enjoyed my time using it. I ike the playlist features and the music recommendations. Still behind the other services in terms of quality. With Bluetooth earbuds it doesn't really matter, but when I'm hardwired on desktop I use other services. If they'd just make a HiFi tier I'd happily come back to Spotify, but won't until then.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
789,Alex Ortega Jr,"December 11, 2022","First off, seems like there's commercials after every 2 songs which I'm hearing ads more than I am music. Second, this latest version freezes after resuming music when you first enter a car. I'll start my car, a song will continue where I left off, once its over the app freezes and I have to switch to a different list to keep playing, VERY FRUSTRATING",0,3,spotify
790,P Tp,"February 1, 2023","I hate what they've done with the playlist editing. Before you were able to hear a snippet of the songs in your playlist. Which made it much easier to build other playlists based on songs you already have. Now, it's just the names of the song. Also, the app keeps crashing on my TV, playstation, and phone",18 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
791,Frankie G,"January 26, 2023","A work in progress here - as I'm not using the app for very long - But finding annoying things like being unable to avoid hearing music I simply don't like. I can't immediately influence lists without being able to manually correcting them, and how does one remove items from lists created by the app..? Its really infuriating. The user needs more control.",15 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
792,Lesedi Maphisa,"December 5, 2022","Non of my data is coming through on my phone. All Spotify playlists are empty, my library is empty, I can't open or play podcasts. It's barren. And the weird thing is it only on my phone. My Desktop app work ok-ish[Don't have access to podcast video but that's nothing new]. It's really sad cause I really like Spotify and use it a lot but I can't play ANYTHING on my phone.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
793,Chris,"February 9, 2023","Recently started getting the ""No Internet Connection"" issue on my Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra. Works without a problem on Wi-Fi and then as soon as I switch to mobile data it says it, despite having a 5G connection. Makes no sense at all. Also, new update is horrible. Adding a song to playlist takes you out of the music player now which is awful, and you can't click to go to the location of a song in your playlists anymore or click on the name to go to an album. FIX THIS ASAP!!!",19 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
794,ritz. ok,"December 12, 2022","Since new update, playbar disappears after having the app minimized and music paused for even a short period. Have to switch playlists to fix. Shuffle is awful—it's algorithm has gotten worse. We pay for real shuffle, not some calculated version of one. Consistently plays the same 20 songs at the start of shuffle despite playlists being literally days long. Should at least be able to press shuffle button more than once in order to reshuffle it—we used to be able to if I recall.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
795,R Grubb,"December 27, 2022","This app is awful. You can't access your downloaded podcasts unless you are connected to the internet...wut? It never saves the spot you were on a podcast. It crashes constantly, and sometimes will lock up and not stop playing audio until I shut off the phone. I can't believe how poor this app is given it has the option of a paid subscription. I love Spotify service but I'm never spending money on this until they get these bugs under control.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
796,GasperDaze,"December 28, 2022","Almost can't believe someone would willingly have premium outside of the free trails. The mobile app is plagued with so many bugs. Not pausing, not skipping or errors when trying to, still playing music when the app was closed, playlists still showing after deletion, and when it works I sometimes can't like songs. Use the web version guys, you *might* save yourself the frustration.",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
797,Cheyenne Lesher,"December 15, 2022","I definitely recommend Spotify, I haven't gotten any ads even after my premium has run out, but I think it's just luck of the draw. There are so many songs and genres I mean, the possibilities are practically endless! I found so many songs I had no clue existed and then I fell in love with that song/genre. The best part though you may ask? You can search up lyrics in the song if you don't know the title and that song will come up! Spotify is an amazing app and I definitely recommend it!",23 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
798,Serenity Eli,"December 13, 2022","Everytime I try to play a playlist I last listened to before closing Spotify, it just doesn't play. Half the time I open Spotify it looks as if an ad is going to load but never does and I can't tap on anything and have to leave and close the app. I try to Google cast to my TV and it's fine for a good 2 1/2 songs but then the music stops my TV freezes and I perform a hundred steps before I can continue listening from my TV before it happens again.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
799,Erica Richardson,"January 21, 2023",This app is garbage if you are a free listener! You only get 6 skips per hour! It sucks that you have to pay to be able to listen to unlimited music! I would rather use a different music platform then Spotify! You have to pay to be able to listen to more then 6 songs per hour! I hate it! Until this is fixed I will be using a different music platform!,13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
800,J Guthrie,"December 13, 2022","It was fine but here recently it has been acting up really bad. I try to play a song and an ad pops up but when it's over and a song is supposed to play It doesn't, it just goes blank. I then try it again and it makes me watch more ads. When I try to play a song from a daily list it just starts playing the first song on the list and not the song I want. It's getting really annoying tbh.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
801,JT Young,"December 31, 2022","This used to be my go to app for music, but lately it has become an ad dump. 1 song, ad, 2 songs 3 ads, etc. It feels like they are really squeezing users to join premium lately. Same thing happened with Pandora too, so I'm assuming it's a profitability bell curve with them too They used to have a cool feature where you could watch a longer ad up front and have 30min of uninterrupted listening. I haven't seen it in months. I'll be using other apps for a while until they figure out their issues.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
802,Frédérik Whissell-Couture,"December 11, 2022","This is the most obnoxious music app I've ever used. I try to play a song and see if I like it and for sone reason which escapes my mind, they decided that I don't get to listen to what I'm actually want to but instead I have to listen through a bunch of their ""suggested"" song. I can't turn that incredibly stupid option off, it doesn't make me interested in listening to those artists, it just pisses me off when I try to listen to something to calm down and you keep me from doing that. 0/10 app",15 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
803,Josh Pyman,"January 18, 2023","So many bugs and issues. The only thing keeping me on the platform is the discovery of song and everyone around me uses it. Main issues come from using it either offline, or barely online. For example if you are traveling and sometimes have signal and sometimes don't, it just won't load half of the playlists even if they are downloaded.",136 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
804,Ganesh Harish,"December 9, 2022","It's good for listening to songs and podcasts, AT A BARE MINIMUM. It's the song equivalent of ""owned by EA"". Firstly, I can listen to 2 songs and then I have to listen to a god forsaken 1 or 2 minute ad, AFTER, EVERY, SONG! Then comes Spotify's ""Enchance"" & ""Autoplay"", which is byfar the most useless feature. I tried to make a playlist, it had 3 songs. I come back and Spotify decides to add EXTRA SONGS. I remove the songs and it keeps adding them. I wish this could be longer but 500 it the limit",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
805,Dylan,"December 23, 2022","If I pick a song and that one song creates a ""playlist"" can you please fix the issue that disallows me to hit the back button to the original song. Like if I pick In Between by Beartooth it'll go to another song once complete. But then, when I want to listen to it one more time your code prevents me from hitting back to go to the original song. I have to go back to the search function and look for the original song again.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
806,Titus,"December 12, 2022","This has been a great music app I use it a lot. But seriously please fix the following: Whenever u haven't listened in a while and after the first song don't stop but keep going through the playlist, I can't even listen to the playlist I like cuz it won't even play the playlist unless I select another playlist. For those of us who can't get premium please fix this NOW!!!!!",0,3,spotify
807,Guacamole Rat,"February 9, 2023","I love the selection and the quality however I have one major problem. When asked to watch an ad for 30 minutes of uninterrupted listening upon clicking ok it will play 3 or 4 ads and not ten minutes later play another. Please fix this Spotify. Update: my playlist, that had hundreds of songs that took years to put together, just vanished. Im actually about to cry. Bumped my rating to 1 star. Very upset",0,1,spotify
808,Gwendolynn Blackwell,"January 27, 2023","Ever since the update Spotify randomly starts playing in the middle of the night waking me up. Checked the settings and nothing. It's not set to an alarm. Uninstalled and reinstalled stops for a day then goes back to it and always the same annoying song. I don't even use Spotify for music. Never the same time daily either... maybe I just have a ghost...it is 3am and Spotify just woke me up again to ""Love Shack"".",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
809,Lara Clifton,"January 19, 2023","Lately whatever they have been doing with the updates, have ruined the app. It is constantly crashing and you have to troubleshoot constantly just to get it to shuffle play and it doesn't truly Shuffle. It's very irritating because I need this in order to do my job. I am a driver this is the only thing that brings me joy during my shifts and there is nothing else out there that is really comprable for an Android phone.",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
810,Ali H.,"December 20, 2022","Spotify had been great until recently. It randomly stops playing music and I have to hit play again and sometimes it won't play or starts the song over. Sometimes I have to go to a whole different playlist, select a song on that list then go back to the list I was listening too and play to resume listening to what I was before it stopped.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
811,Green Dragon,"January 26, 2023",I use Spotify almost every day and it's one of the only things getting me through the day but sometimes my music will stop at 11 seconds and I can't get it to keep going Idk why i have to uninstall and then install it again for it to start working. I thought it was just me and my phone maybe being messed up but it seems it's not since i am not the only person who this is happening to. If Spotify changed ownership j think they should change it back cause I used to never have any problems with it.,5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
812,Lauren Summers,"January 11, 2023","I use spotify everyday its supper easy to use and i love it! But when making a playlist spotify will add songs without me choosing which is annoying. Another thing is that when I want to listen to a song, I have to listen to a hole playlist to find it, I am lucky if it is the first song to play. I know this probably is a thing that wouldn't happen for people who pay for spotify but I think it is reasonable thing for spotify to change for non-paying listeners. Overall is a good music platform.",12 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
813,Frosina Bocevska,"February 11, 2023","OK, I don't know what happened and I stopped using app months ago because it guessing plays other random ""similar/recomended"" songs, instead the playlist. I tried giving go again today, and I am deleting. Either is something wrong with app or they placed some option somewhere - nowhere to be easily found. I just cannot play the song I want, I see it... but like it passed and no way back. Soo, deleting.",0,1,spotify
814,Raihan Khairul Rochman,"December 6, 2022",Spotify is quite a good app. But some thing that really bothering me is that this app has some annoying bugs. At first when i just downloaded this i could mark songs as favorite and could follow some artists too. But after a while I can't do that anymore. I tried to clear the app cache but I still can't mark favorite songs and follow artists. Please fix this,35 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
815,Nanang,"January 10, 2023","Awesome! Since I became a premium subscriber, I am free to listen to various types of songs, from the past to the present. The sound quality is also good, I can play it smoothly on various platforms, from cellphones, chromebooks and laptops. Even when the internet signal is limited, I can still listen offline without downloading it first.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
816,Osama Adam,"December 25, 2022","I love Spotify's UI, but one thing I absolutely loathe is how I can't swipe up and down to maximize and minimize the currently playing song. I'm positive this is how it already works on iOS but for some reason this isn't how it works on Android. Everything in the UX is signaling that this particular element is swipable but it isn't, and this frustrates me to no end.",29 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
817,Otto Tater,"February 7, 2023",I going to delete my Spotify account. I have used it for over a year and I just don't enjoy it. Spotify has the ability to like a song or artist but no way to dislike a song or artist and it only seems to offer what I already get free. I am so sick of hearing the same stuff over and over again and again. I need to hear something different at least sometimes and Spotify is not as good as x or y or z .,4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
818,Shane Olean,"December 10, 2022","Having problems with automatic play, specifically in the car. When my phone attaches to the car, it will finish the song that it was playing last time I was driving. When that song ends, it won't play anymore songs until I open the app and pick a song manually. It exits my playlist (I have thousands of songs in it so it's annoying to scroll while driving). Pls fix",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
819,Tiffany Price,"December 14, 2022","Overall, I like the app. I like that I can use my favorite songs as alarms. I just have two issues: 1. Some lyrics on the app are wrong. Then, some are waaay wrong 2. Why was the microphone feature removed? That's dumb. Also, I'm trying to figure out why we got our Year in Review in November (I can't remember the actual name of it). The year wasn't over. I'm curious about how many times I would have listened to my favorite songs through the end of December.",0,4,spotify
820,〻 nyanning hae ;,"December 19, 2022","when im listening to playlists or albums it gets frozen. all of a sudden it stops playing the song im listening to and upon that, it isn't possible for me to keep listening to the playlist / album. this troubles me so much, because i have to close the app and restart it in order for it to work. i love this app so i hope this gets fixed soon.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
821,Olivia Mae Sanders,"February 15, 2023","Really good app! Love the new filmed podcasts, super easy to use and good at updates on artists' new music, though I was thinking it would be cool if we could add notes to songs in our playlist, which we could make public or private. Also another thing I'm always suggested songs I've listened to about a hundred times so it's hard sometimes to find new music",8 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
822,Hola Senoir,"January 14, 2023","I love Spotify! Use it every day religiously! Even pay for premium! But 1 update later, 2 reinstalls and COUNTLESS ""clear data and cashe"" later, it plays the first 10 seconds of a song than stops. It's not a connection issue, as I have gigabit internet, it's not a phone issue, everything else runs perfectly fine! If I need to switch to YouTube music, I will. I REALLY font want it to come to that, but seriously guys!",19 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
823,Silver PhoenixR3Z,"December 8, 2022","This is a great app for music! Except the hassle is paying for downloading music to listen to offline, otherwise this app is good. Edit: App is okay, except now for the fact that once it updated it changed a lot. I can't listen to the music I want to anymore and have to shuffle my playlists in order to listen to anything, as with my tablet I can click whatever song I want and listen to it just fine, with an ad. If that can option returns on this app, I'll be glad to use Spotify on here again.",15 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
824,Cap10 ZomB,"January 16, 2023","It's a good app that works across all devices. 4 stars of 5. I currently am listening to free version. My liked songs Playlist is more random with free version. When I have paying version, the random button doesn't actually randomize the playlist. It goes through the songs in the same order everytime. Also free version introduces me to random songs in the genres I like more often.",20 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
825,Alex,"December 20, 2022","Zero stability and reliability. At the point where I'm ready to switch to anything other premium service. Will randomly clear your queue which is annoying when I've got 15 things in queue. Music is just crackling constantly and I can't get it to stop whether it's headphones or speakers. Will not show the now playing, music has been stopping randomly and has issues resuming. When you accidentally swipe to the next podcast in queue, you lose the podcast you were listening to.",34 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
826,Sample Text (Cruciform),"January 8, 2023","Extensive library of music and podcasts. Only really worth having if you have premium. My biggest issue is that the audio quality ought to be higher. Genuinely bothers me that TikTok's audio clips are significantly higher quality. Also not happy that I can't stream Tekken music anymore, but I guess that's the risk of paying for a streaming service--you lose access to music if a company feels like it.",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
827,C C,"December 14, 2022",Fix it and I'll change my rating. Since the app updated a couple weeks ago .. Its very buggy... It'll play one song and then stop. Or it will go halfway through a song and then stop. I have to reopen the app and start from scratch and try to find the song in my playlist I was listening to at the time. I wouldn't complain as much but I'm a paying customer and expect more than this.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
828,Darrell Strickland,"December 9, 2022","If you don't have Premium, it isn't worth it at all. The app will say you have 30 minutes ad-free but only play onr song and it's another ad. Plus they don't even have Electric Avenue by Eddie Grant, so yeah that sucks. The new update makes it impossible to listen to longer periods of time because it randomly cuts out and then it's inconvenient to reshuffle your playlist and fight to get music playing again every time you pause.",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
829,Emma,"January 23, 2023","What is up with the new update?? You can't play a single song that's in a Playlist, adding onto that, you can only listen to a song in shuffle. Yall trippin, if I want to listen to a song that's inmy liked songs, I only want to listen to that song. The app is unusable now!?!?!? You can't rewind songs or even go back!?!!?! I may just go back to my other streaming app.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
830,Nathan Phelps,"December 23, 2022","Edit 12/23/2022: The problems mentioned before have been solved from what I have noticed far happier with the app at the point. Do now recommend. The app freezes constantly and I constantly when trying to access different podcasts, it is difficult to navigate long list of episodes and the place you are in a podcast will reset on randon app openings or when the app freezes and then unfreezes. Overall, not nearly what people told me it was.",3 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
831,Beth Riley,"December 15, 2022","I still use this app because it's the better option right now, but the devs need to fix a few problems. 1. Not being able to edit the ""good morning/after/evening"" tab. Stuff that my husband listened to once has still been stuck their for almost a year. I DON'T WANNA SEE JOE ROGANS STUPID FACE EVERY DAY. Please give us the option to edit that. 2. Also with podcasts, that show still shows up in ""my shows"" even though I don't follow him, haven't listened to it since my husband did. Please fix it!",0,1,spotify
832,Luckiest Māris777,"December 11, 2022","Songs are being played in seemingly random order, even when shuffle is switched off. After the latest update apps a mess. Songs not playing in sequence (often backwards), no way to see the song titles (free version), random songs start to play halfway through an album... Fix this so songs can be enjoyed in correct sequence as artist intended. ""Align by date"" - function doesn't work as intended.",10 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
833,Lonewolf Animation,"December 18, 2022","Spotify is a wonderful online player app, although it doesn't let me play music on demand I have to play it on Shuffle only. It's really annoying cause have to listen to every other song before the one I want on my phone. On Tablets n PC works excellent also. My only problem is the phone version of Spotify. If the devs would be kind enough to fix this issue pretty sure me n many other phone would appreciate it.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
834,PARTH PRAJAPATI,"January 13, 2023","Newest version of Spotify has unimaginable bad news for free users. They cannot forward or backward (seek) the running music, can't skip songs for more then 6 times in an hour, can't play preferred song until it's rendomly selected from the playlist by Spotify. If only I could, I would have given less then 1 star. Worst step form Spotify. It sucks.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
835,Ryan Howey,"January 28, 2023","I would rather be able to provide negative feedback or ask for certain songs or artists not be played. Only allowing likes makes it so that I have to spend a lot of time skipping in playlists that are supposed to be 'made for me'. After that viewing the forum, clearly i am not the only one, yet Spotify seems incapable of meeting this customer request.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
836,Persaya Sevey,"December 30, 2022","Recently, I've been having many issues like if I pause my music, I'll have to switch playlists and go back to the playlist I was listening to in order for it to play. I've also had issues opening the app. I used to not have any issues, but recent updates have brought nothing but issues. Please fix this Spotify!!!",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
837,Christine LaBrie,"December 3, 2022","Excellent app. Little to no issues with it. 2021 edit: for a week or so the new update they launched made my folders inaccessible. While that was eventually resolved, now the app is incredibly laggy. Frequently needing to force cancel to get music to start. Kind of frustrating to use now about 40% of the time. 2022 edit: the app still lags a bit, but not as big an issue as it was last year. Generally resolves itself rather than needing a restart.",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
838,Cammy Turner,"December 13, 2022","When I play it without earbuds sometimes the volume will turn down like halfway and I have to get off the app and go back at it again. Recently it's also been freezing up when I leave and try to play music again, I have to delete the app and log back in, only to have to do it again the next time I use it. It's getting really annoying.",0,3,spotify
839,Emmalee Playz Games,"December 12, 2022","This app is basically just a big advertisement. Every sing there's 8 ads. 30 minutes without it, is a lie. And 6 skips per hour is crazy, and you add songs I don't even want on my playlist. The new update is terrible, everytine a song ends it just won't let me play the playlist I want again. You have to keep switching through playlist. It's odd. Stop and fix your app.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
840,Lunar Smiles (Luna),"December 24, 2022","Lovely selection and great audio quality. Amazing ability to find new music as the recommendations are superb both for search and playlists. The one thing I have an issue with is that I am unable to search all of my playlists (or even a folder of playlists) for a song to see which playlist it's in. Currently, I am only able to search inside one playlist at a time and that is something that Apple Music does better",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
841,Marion Stannard,"January 8, 2023","I think renting Spotify is the best thing that has happened to me in manier year. I love music (all types except RAP). The monthly charge is brilliant, because imagine the cost of all those unending albums, and all albums are available (from very old, to modern ones) at the push of a button. My music is on most days from morning until 18h00 when I put TV on for the news and evening viewing. I am in my latter years and I shall use and listen to Spotify for what time remains for me. Thank you.",7 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
842,Nathan Hubbard,"January 27, 2023","crashes regularly, loads slowly. Also crashes nearly every time I open the app. Must force close and re-open to use. But once it get going it works. Except that often even pausing or skimming a song doesnt respond for several seconds. Also often while listening to a playlist , such as a song's radio, it will rearrange the playlist while I'm listening. So I see a set of songs I like, i tap to listen to the first but then it rearranges them and I lose the songs I wanted.",35 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
843,Jen Cahoon,"December 2, 2022","Been using Spotify for a while after changing over from amazon music. This morning my song choice is only saying a few seconds then switching to a random album I've never heard of listened to, very frustrating, and also now have to click which device to listen to it on, which is also very annoying, not impressed at all.",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
844,Kathryn Murphy,"December 14, 2022","For years I've had Spotify premium with no issues but in the last 2 or 3 weeks it's been glitching - won't play a playlist if I click the big green play button , I have to select a song from the playlist to start it off. - songs playing in playlist once complete stop (does not play next song) and the play bar at the bottom of the app either disappears or is unresponsive. Have to manually select another song. - on the homescreen I keep getting pop ups showing other people's devices.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
845,ian barrand,"December 20, 2022",The only app you'll find that does whatever it wants and not what you want! Crashes constantly. Utter rubbish. The queue has a mind of its own. Now i have to sign in everytime i open the app!! Now i can't even see the tracks in any of the albums! Technology so advanced that it just does whatever it likes. Disregard the queue and play something else! Lose the queue altogether! Lose connections to chromecast and Xbox every try minutes! This is the worst app I'll ever own,344 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
846,Keisha munar,"January 4, 2023","When I want to play my playlist it doesn't and no matter how many times I restart the app or update it, it will never play my playlist let alone play any of the other playlists. Sometimes ads will play, cool I get it, but it will play ads back to back nonstop until I refresh the app. It's a great app, but these bugs are making it hard to enjoy it.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
847,lostlange,"December 23, 2022",The interface is good and there's plenty of songs but it frequently becomes extremely laggy and crashes. Closing the app and reopening it does not help. Also the search feature doesn't list all of the playlists that match what you've searched. You can see many more on the desktop version when searching but on the app it seems to replace the user created playlists with Spotify created playlists. I also have premium because it's pretty much unusable without it so there's that.,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
848,2k without videos,"February 11, 2023","Too many ads, doesn't work half of the time, continuously having to update it and even then it doesn't work sometime. This app is almost perfect when you pay for it. If your looking for a good app that's free save yourself the time and space and ignore spotify unless you dont care about hearing 80% ads and 20% of your music",8 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
849,B V,"February 15, 2023","Today my mobile devices keep skipping! Cleared cache etc.. Fine on my TV though. One improvement suggestion. An annoying common oversight as you tube does it also. There is never enough viewable title information when in ""list"" view. If ""titles"" are long they turn into ... At the the end. Yes titles auto scroll for playing song but not in the list. With so many remixes/versions it makes it difficult. A little visual text friendly format change would be great.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
850,Bobby,"December 3, 2022","Good service, app can be buggy. It usually works great, but very frustrating when it fails. I had previously given a worse review because I had queued up maybe an hour of music just to have my queue disappear after the first song and I was ANGRY. It will also sometimes stop playing in the car, to say nothing of ""car mode"" which ruins the user interface.",6 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
851,PJ Balderas,"January 22, 2023",I've been experiencing a problem where my music switches automatically to another Playlist while in the middle of a podcast and on top of switching to a song I've never heard it also switches devices so my audio cuts out and I have to manually switch back to my phone about 3-5x before it stays. The devices it switches to are not even mine. I thought it was a Bluetooth problem but I turned it off and it still switched songs and devices. I had to turn off autoplay to listen to my specific audio.,6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
852,Paul Kardell,"January 19, 2023",After latest update up is virtually unusable. Songs pause every 5 seconds even if they are downloaded. Must be in airplane mode to play downloaded songs!?! Only one device is signed in and internet is fast. Clearing cache and data doesn't help. Spotify support does not recognize this as an issue when a simple web search says otherwise. What gives?,17 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
853,Renee Wanamaker,"December 12, 2022","I have premium, so I'm paying for your app. I cannot turn off the ""smart shuffle recommendations."" I despise having my playlist interrupted with music I didn't ask for. I've ""turned it off"" several times, but that apparently is a lie. It just keeps doing it whether I want it to or not. Will not be renewing my subscription.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
854,Migel Gekiere,"February 3, 2023","The shuffle algorithm seems quite bad, especially noticable in larger playlists, my playlist is around 55h and when on shuffle it often seems to play the same songs, while there are others that I haven't heard in ages. I now instead go through it alphabetically without shuffle but there is a bug where it will sometimes loop 5 songs instead of just going through it. Tapping on the next song in the playlist fixed it but I can't do that when I'm driving. Hope this gets fixed soon.",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
855,ADS,"January 5, 2023","Would be a great app if certain features just didn't exist. Why can't I disable suggested songs, I'm all for finding new music, but not if I'm literally forced to. Without premium, trying to play a single song creates a whole playlist surrounding that song, which is cool but not when I want to listen to that song first. If the playlist and suggested songs go with the song I picked, why isn't the song I chose played first?! Make it make sense, PLEASE",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
856,Derya Bozkurt,"December 15, 2022","This app was great up until a recent update. They've removed a simple but convenient feature which was the Shuffle button. If I want to Shuffle it again, I have to go onto another playlist, press play, go back to the playlist I want and press play again so that it reshuffles. It's ridiculous. Not only that but when you've finished a playlist, instead of replaying that playlist, it plays songs that are not even on my playlist. Sick of Mariah Carey coming on. AND I pay for this app.",199 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
857,Anime Gamer,"December 21, 2022","It's a really good app for music if you have premium, if you are like me and don't have the ten to spend on it then you can tell they don't care for the people that are just basic users. I was using this app with Premium and I had no problems. When I got unsubscribed it has the most biggest app killers. 1st.- you can't pick the music you want unlike almost every other music app!!!!!! 2nd.-the amount of adds now are bizarre for just to be able listen for 3-6 songs. Don'tdownloadifyoudontgetpremui",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
858,L VbaP,"December 15, 2022","It's good but would be better if when I open my playlist and choose to play randomly, it really does like that and not randomly play always the same 10 songs of the hundreds I have saved. Do I need to have a paid account to random the songs on my Playlist?!!!! Or when it says ""watch this ad to get 30 minutes of uninterrupted listening"" and really happens like that, instead of playing the adds after 2 songs.",65 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
859,Gallow Black,"February 11, 2023","Used to work fine. Now it stops working randomly and refuses to continue playing. Just to see, I allowed it to ""buffer"" and after 2 hours it still didn't continue playing. My connection is fine, the app is up to date and the cache has been cleared repeatedly. Literally have to either restart the phone or reinstall the app to get it it even attempt to work again.",222 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
860,A Heavey,"December 8, 2022","I don't have Spotify Premium at the moment but everything is great. When I first downloaded it, my Daily Mixes were fine and didn't shuffle or anything, that was about this time last year, but now it's shuffling and it is really annoying when the Daily Mix with most of my favourite songs in it starts being shuffled. (I know this is a dumb reason and I'm not sure if it has happened to anyone else or not.)",27 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
861,Menta Quinn,"December 1, 2022","Spotify was okay last year but now, way too many ads, the updated version can't let you have a preview of the playlist that you'd like to play, and the wrapped that I was looking forward to most this year is a total disappointment! Like what the hell, it can only show your top songs of 2022 but you can't even get a preview of them. Nothing like your top artists or most played song, minutes spent on the app. I mean WOW!🚮",15 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
862,Riley Grae,"December 27, 2022","SUCH a pain. Takes forever to start, is constantly logging me out, refuses to communicate with my other devices running it, keeps pushing unwanted podcasts, pauses itself frequently, doesn't skip disliked songs properly, shuffles by itself, forgets the queue when switching devices, plays automatically in the car even though I've disabled that setting... it's really just a chore to use a lot of the time. Pretty sure with the amount of $ moving through Spotify we can expect better.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
863,Graham Bowden,"February 20, 2023","I've been using spotify for 4-5 years. I love the variety of music and the ability to make my own playlists so I can listen to what I want to hear. However, the whole app is designed to get you to buy premium. This involves things like deliberately making certain functions harder than they need to be and putting ads EVERYWHERE. If you love music and making playlists tailored to your personal tastesand can get over the blatant desire to take your money or you want to buy premium: Spotify is great",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
864,Amber Sturtz,"February 2, 2023","I'm having a similar experience to other users - the app keeps stopping mid song. When I restart the app, it restarts the same song again. I've tried restarting my phone, checking for updates etc - there is definitely a glitch in the current software. Please fix ASAP. Also please make the lyrics part optional. Waste of data and energy.",26 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
865,Kevin Bakiu,"January 18, 2023","Spotify used to work really well, until the most recent update. I don't have spotify premium, and now whenever spotify tries to load an ad, the app stops working and I have to reset all of my spotify data constantly just to listen to music. Please fix this soon. Edit: The bug has been fixed. This is still a high quality music app, but I can't restart my playlist when music from outside my playlist starts anymore, which is the only reason my review is 4 stars.",53 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
866,Ellen D,"February 10, 2023","Pretty average. My main peeves with this paid service are 1. The ads embedded in music tracks. Spotify should ban/find a way to manage this for paying subscribers. 2. The shuffle function is woeful, frequently shuffling to artists I have never heard of and who aren't even from any of the genres I actually listen to. I hate setting out on a drive only to shortly have my choice of music replaced with songs/artists I can't stand to hear.",0,2,spotify
867,Dragons Onacid,"December 11, 2022","It will play a couple of songs on the playlist and then just stop playing. It still says its playing but the music isnt playing at all. I go into the app and it freezes so i have to force close it, refind the playlist and press shuffle for it to not play until i select a song on the playlist. What am i paying a subscription for if i cant even use it half of the time. This isnt the first incident either.",16 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
868,David O'Reilly,"February 5, 2023","A wonderful app. But lately it seems to be erasing everything I download. Whenever I turn my device off for the day & turn it back on the next day, it automatically starts downloading everything I have already downloaded. It also seems to switch storage from the SD card to the phone. Why does it keep doing this?",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
869,Holly Bootland,"January 2, 2023",Android app is buggy! Since the last update the player menu doesn't show when my phone is locked or in my dropdown notification menu. To skip or pause a song I have to unlock the phone and go into the app. This is pretty inconvenient when on the go. Also occasionally spotify pauses whenever my phone screen turns off/locks/goes black. The music restarts when I unlock the phone again. Pls fix this!,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
870,Francis Corona,"January 7, 2023","I would rate 5 but it bothers me that I have 1554 liked songs and when I set it to shuffle it plays the same songs over and over... why??? Other than that, I love the app and do listen to it all day, every day. It's just super irritating to skip songs that play all the time. 1/7/23 Update: I love it now! When I shuffle my Playlist it does play more of a variety now and they even mix in songs I don't have saved that are similar to what I like. I really like that! Thank you, Spotify!",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
871,Ahnaire Chrys Abbey,"December 15, 2022","Ok I love spotify, listening to music is one of my hobbies cus of it, 100+ songs and making playlists is really cool! but I have a major problem with it, which is the ""nothing playing"" bug. Everytime I'm out of the homescreen opening it, it just stops and I realize its because of that. So I would love if that issue gets fixed. Overall it's nice!",126 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
872,Scott Boughton,"December 13, 2022",4/22 App started bugging out for almost a month now. Its olaying without play bar. And pretty sure its this app that slowly turns down media volume till 0% without even showing volume bar change on screen. Also just randomly stops playing. Won't close when requested and need to force close and clear cache. Edit: 12/22. Still having issues with volume. Almost like its tied to the title text scroll. Everytime it repeats it drops one volume notch amd will end up at 0%. So freaking annoying!!!!,3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
873,Nick Van Opstal,"December 21, 2022","The app is horrible for bugs and it has been for years. I've updated, uninstalled, used the free version as well as paid and it never can seem to work properly. There's not enough space here to explain but these issues plauge this app making it unusable at times. This has been happening for years and the only fix is to uninstall. After every single update the same problems persist",62 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
874,Valerie Stait,"February 20, 2023","This muntiilliom dollar company simply doesn't work after buying a new phone. Go elsewhere snd don't rely on it for your future music. So slow to be unuseable. Interface unintuitive, very difficult to find music you like/follow/have played recently, because they're too busy showing you what they think you should be listening to. You lose so much. Limited choice of albums. Even when it is working, Spotify is wrong on many levels.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
875,César Terrones,"January 23, 2023","I have only the free account and my experience is that the scope for random songs is very short; somel times the same song is played again in the same session, so I have to change to another category in order to avoid getting bored. That's why I cannot give you five stars. The apps Lite and full, are great.",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
876,Dawn Morley,"January 27, 2023",Spotify used to be great however recently it's started stopping while listening to music or podcasts. The app just seems to close for no reason. Frustrating when listening to music. Even more annoying when listening to a podcast as when you open it up again it doesn't start where it stopped....what's going on? Never used to have issues and now it's terrible.,82 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
877,Jose M. Lopez,"December 13, 2022","I am a premium duo user and I used to really love spotify until the problem with not being able to go through all my genres kept happening. They just seem to disappear then reappear then disappear again. What is the deal with that? I'm not the only user to have this issue. No matter which device they own we're all having this problem. Spotify says they are working on it but, how long is that going to take? Meanwhile, I'm still paying full price for a service that only works half the time!",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
878,Madison Williams,"February 8, 2023","I love the app, i use it daily, but i do have a few suggestions. To start off make it so we can share the liked song playlist, instead of having to add it to another playlist to share your favorite music. Along with the Spotify premium that doesnt work when not connected to internet. Other than that its still my favorite music service.",0,4,spotify
879,Noelia Mejia,"February 18, 2023",It is a very good app great for playing music and not a lot of ads. Love this app!!! 11/24/22 I hate the new update. It doesn't let me listen to a preview of any song in my own playlist anymore. I hate it. 02/18/23 They fixed the preview!! I forgot to update my review.,2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
880,Just4Gam1ng_L0s3r,"January 26, 2023",I use Spotify a lot. It's been amazing but recently somethings been happening. I click on my playlist and start playing a song but when only 10 seconds of the song go through it stops working. Some songs don't even work. Please fix this. It happens with everysong I play. Edit: same thing has happened to me as another reviewer. I uninstalled Spotify and now it won't let me in. I connected my Facebook to it so it should let me in. Fix this.,8 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
881,bunny,"December 19, 2022","spotify is a fairly okay music streaming service overall, BUT. the most recent update (13/12/22) appears to have broken the mobile app. after a song or two, maybe even in the middle of one, the music stops and the spotify app usually just closes. I've restarted my phone (and spotify) multiple times in the last few hours, just to come here and find similar complaints to my own.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
882,Erin Lesire (Elleeven),"December 12, 2022","Recently having a problem that causes the music to stop unexpectedly. Happens while I'm using Google maps - sometimes the app gives a command and the sound seems to cut itself off (the song is still ""playing"" tho) - but it has started happening without another app being the instigator: music just stops and it's as if I hadn't even been listening to any in the first place, the player shows a ""nothing playing"" message.",58 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
883,Crohn Prince,"December 11, 2022","I use spotify on a daily basis and I love how it makes playlists based on your usage. Totally worth subscribing! The only thing I would like to see in the app and on pc is the ability to block artists so they won't show up in recommendations or playlists spotify makes for you. It really ruins the mood when you have to skip a song while you were vibing, especially since I use the music during my work and it interrupts my workflow.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
884,BlackHype,"January 27, 2023","This app is very therapeutic for me when it comes to listening to music but what's annoying is that everytime I search for a specific song, it gives me a whole different song and it's annoying for me having to waste all my skips and not even get the song that I want. And everytime I play my Playlist for a certain amount of time, it plays songs that aren't even in my Playlist just so I can waste all my skip and wait a whole nother hour for them, you guys need to fix this cus it is getting old..😐",11 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
885,Jeff Power,"December 7, 2022","Got a sponsored content notification when I opened the app today. I pay for Premium partly to never see ads. So one star. Among other things. But nothing beats Spotify for recommending music new to me I may like (when I specifically ask for it), and plays on all my devices. This is why I stay with Spotify. If something else can do it as well or better, I'll think about switching, there are other services that are better in other ways.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
886,rapper zappers js,"December 23, 2022","Useless, I used to play Spotify in the car from my Samsung phone but now everytime I get a notification, email, text message the song stops. If I try and play it the song starts from the beginning. I won't be renewing my premium again. Waste of time. Much easier to listen to the radio.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
887,David Halliday,"December 15, 2022","Spotify has developed this really annoying bug where you are playing music from your playlist (and you stop playing music for a while) then start playing again, it will finish the current song and then jump back to the beginning of your playlist. I have tried all the suggestions like clearing the next from playlist, cache, logging out, deleting and reinstalling the app etc and nothing has fixed it. Will cancel my subscription soon if it's not fixed as it's quite annoying",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
888,DashApple,"January 8, 2023","I've been trying Spotify Premium for the past few days. This is my first time using this app, and as a music lover, the online lists of top hits help me to discover new good songs, but there's only one problem. The app occasionally crashes. My phone isn't even half bad with the specs. (Using Samsung S21 5G Ultra, 256GB model). Is this an occasional bug? Hopefully this can get fixed soon.",43 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
889,Ruth Dell,"January 8, 2023","when you pay for premium it's incredible, when you don't it's mediocre but still worth downloading. The only I would like to change is being able to access your queued songs more easily. At the moment there is no way of reviewing your queue and removing things from it. Would be nice if there was a specific section for your queue but other than that it's great.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
890,Emika,"December 30, 2022","I have used Spotify many times before the new update, but when I've used it after the update it's almost turned into one of the worst music listening apps I have used if you don't pay for premium. For the new update you only have 6 skips per hour, you only are able to listen to playlist and not individual songs, and you can't just choose one song to listen to but have to listen to all kinds of songs that you don't like just to listen to one song while not being able put it on repeat.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
891,Carrie On,"December 2, 2022","Really great app but PLEASE ADD A ""SAVE FOR LATER"" playlis or Queue. I love discovering new music, and if I come across a song or playlist that sounds interesting, I put it into my queue. However, this inhibits me from playing any other song or I will lose the queue. I would like to be able to have a separate playlist or queue that I can access at any time to listen to and discover new music, but also be able to have my regular listening uninhibited. Please see if you can find a solution!",10 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
892,val,"January 13, 2023","I keep losing my playing progress in the middle of listening to things. I was 200 songs in to a 500 song playlist and then I open the app again after pausing my music and it's just- gone. The Android platform sucks. I am PAYING for this platform and it won't work. Sometimes it skips 100 songs ahead and I have to manually skip back till I'm back at my song. I like Spotify, but it's so glitchy that Im going to have to switch platforms at this rate.",0,2,spotify
893,Guillermo Olavarria,"January 25, 2023","New UI is counter-intuitive. It just does not make sense to tap the name of a song that is playing and it jumps you to your playlist. Also, now taping the artist(s)' names just shows you the page of the 1st artist listed in the song, even when multiple artists are credited. You have to manually tap the 3 dots > view artists. This doesn't make sense x2.",20 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
894,Nicole,"January 10, 2023",I like this app as premium only. I'm not sure why the playlist that are made for me aren't updated after so much time. I also feel it focuses to much on one type of music you may like or listen to the most. I feel I'm not getting as many options as what I'd like or thought I would. I'm not used to making playlists or coming up with different playlist. I also like to keep everything private. I really like that most songs have the lyrics synced to the them. They may not always be correct but close,2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
895,Kaylee Georgean,"December 14, 2022","I've been using Spotify for quite awhile now it was the best music app I've ever had until I updated it today, now I cant listen to one song after another. I have to physically go into the app, click on another Playlist then click back to the one I want to listen to, that's even if the app works. I have tried restarting my phone and nothing works.",30 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
896,Don C,"December 22, 2022","I have the premium, so no adds. I like it ok, my family wanted to get it. I just now received wonderful news from spotify! They want to send me emails and push notifications on stuff they think I will like... such as surveys and products they would like me to pay for. I thought I was already paying them not to see ads. There was no option to opt out of everything. I had to go into each of a dozen things and clock both email and push notifications to turn them off.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
897,Mthunzi Mthembu,"February 11, 2023","I truly enjoy every second using Spotify. The music quality is outstanding and they always provide the best music recommendations. I even get to discover new artists everyday. The podcasts are also amazing. However, sometimes the app intends to crash.",26 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
898,Chloe Walker,"January 1, 2023",Since the December 5th update I have had constant issues. When I open the app my playback is not working so I have to reselect my music and then it will play 5 seconds of a song before cutting to the next and the first song will not appear again. When I'm driving this is a huge pain as i have to open the app each time whereas before it would just play. Please fix this bug,3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
899,Just Elijah,"December 11, 2022","I get 5 ads per 3 songs, without premium you can't even play songs in order which can be a bit annoying, that also makes it difficult to find new music, especially because I can't afford premium. Half the time I can't listen to my own playlists and it'll freeze, when I can play something, I get the same 5 songs out of 500+ A lot of songs I like aren't even on here, saying this won't affect anything and I'm screaming into a void but I'm just frustrated :/",0,2,spotify
900,Anselm A. Eitelbös,"December 19, 2022","The idea and the app in general are cool, it just regularly switches to radios which is not the point. If I start playing a playlist I want to listen to that playlist and not something else after five songs. Also, radios and playlists start from the beginning very often while listening through them. My biggest issue is customization, I want to listen to new music but Spotify doesn't let you turn off customised playlists.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
901,Rami Abed,"January 11, 2023","Best app for music, hands down ... good recommendation engine, large and well-executed feature set, effective and fluid UI, deep and varied integrations with other apps & devices. ... If you watched a podcast episode and are constantly getting a recommendation you don't want for the podcast, mark the podcast episode you watched as unwatched and the recommendation will go away after some time.",8 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
902,Noshin Ahmed,"February 16, 2023","the ads make me want to kms. idc about playlists bc i cant bother making one but i literally hate how if you accidentally skip a song that you like in a playlist, you cant go back and undo it. that also makes me wanna kms. im too poor to be able to buy premium and that also makes me wanna kms. overall 3/5, high risk of ripping your head off and eating your fingers out of frustration but its still good ig",0,3,spotify
903,Zeeshaun Shakoor,"December 14, 2022",Fix these issues and the app will be perfect: 1. a song will end in my playlist and then the next song wont start then I have to restart the entire playlist over which sucks since I have already listened to so many of the songs on the playlist. This is a bug that needs to be fix. 2. When I start a song sometimes it will play for a few seconds and then go to a different song. Fix that too,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
904,Giancarlo Colon (G),"January 23, 2023","It has a lot of music, and I love that, but even when online, it keeps saying offline, and it keeps giving me errors when searching, even while on wifi. Hopefully the new update makes it better. 06/01/2021 update: App freezes, still says offline sometimes when online, shows wrong ""Now Playing"", and it just unstable. I only use Spotify for my music streaming, but am getting tired of such a faulty application. And now you cannot even scroll within the genres, they do not move. Fix it already.",6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
905,Bre Harris,"December 12, 2022",UPDATE: I've had the premium sub for 2 years now and it was amazing until recently. I link my music to my car and it'll play 1-2 songs then it just freezes or stops to the point where I'd have to close out the app and open again then reselect the playlist. If I'm lucky it plays but I've been having to do this troubleshooting method 2-3 times before it works again too only play 2 songs before freezing. Needless to say I'm cancelling my sub.,3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
906,Nicole Collins,"January 10, 2023","Lately I haven't been getting the ""30 minutes of ad free listening"" and I'm not that happy about it because I like to listen to my music without having ads in-between every two songs. Its not just 1 or 2 ads it's like 5 or 6 and it gets really annoying. Another thing I don't like is that when I go to make a playlist it is always adding songs I don't want because it's *suggested songs* not the biggest fan of that. I'm too broke to pay for premium tho lol. Good all of your looking for a music app.",8 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
907,Lasse Alfastsen,"February 11, 2023","When i try to use Spotify connect at home, the app connects to the device, but the connect icon in the app keeps flashing and ultimately fails. I have tried multiple devices with the same issue. If i reinstall the app on my phone it works the first time but then fails on any later attempts to connect. I have tried simply clearing the app cache on my phone to no avail. Also tried restarting all involved devices with no luck. When i connect i can hear the speaker playing a sound to confirm an",0,2,spotify
908,Mya,"February 16, 2023","Has the app for years with little to no problems and now music stops when my phone is locked, ads won't load, when ads do load they play through about 3 or 4 and then it stalls and won't play music, so i refresh and more ads, basically i can't listen to music on a music streaming platform. I understand money needs to be made through ads but this is shocking",0,1,spotify
909,Karol Suszek,"December 16, 2022",Finally everything is running smoothly and not turning off without a reason. Good job. EDIT13.04.2022 The whole app is full of bugs right now. The songs radio keeps crashing and saying that there is no such playlist. The player that shoes your current played song while browsing often just doesn't show up. Overall 4/10 considering how annoying that is and how much I paid to this company over the years. EDIT 16.12.2022 The most of the bugs are gone. Although it lossless audio would be nice,28 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
910,kass,"December 13, 2022","buggy mess a lot of the time. crashes, doesn't play certain songs, etc. also weirdly seems to have very strict network requirements? trying to search with mobile data works sometimes of you have full bars maybe but anything other than that doesn't work. arrive bus WiFi also doesn't seem to be enough for it for some reason, even though it works fine to do anything else on the internet.",0,3,spotify
911,DK_Phoenix,"December 9, 2022","This new update doesn't allow me to add songs to my Playlists anymore I hate it. This new update has also created tons of bugs. Every time I switch to any Playlist other than my main, it'll play one or two songs from it, then stop the Playlist and glitch out. stopping me from skipping the song, pausing the song, or listening to anything at all. the only way I can fix it is by switching to my main Playlist then switching back to the Playlist I actually want to which makes me have to listen to ads",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
912,AveryJoLeno,"January 21, 2023","This app is great and I love the variety of music and it is easy to use, I just have to open up my customized playlist and listen! Great app. Although sometimes it glitchs out the audio and the I have to go and fix it but that is !y only problem the rest of everything works great!!!!",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
913,Cmag,"January 26, 2023","Horrible app, I use it yes but it is tremendous, ads every what feels like 30 seconds. I can barely even log into my own account. Uninstalling and reinstalling it doesn't work. And sometimes the music will stop all of a sudden. 10 seconds of listening then it stops permanently. Skipping doesn't work. Nothing works with this app. I'm honestly disappointed in the app.",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
914,Indi Ind,"February 15, 2023","So many people using this instead of the other one. So I tried to take a peak n paid for a short term user. But in my first try, it stops so many times even after I update the app. Just what's wrong with this, it's so annoying. Yeah, there's no ads..but in the middle of listening, it stops again n again though I've got a stable connection",0,2,spotify
915,Suzanne Ryan,"January 26, 2023","Maybe it's just me but I'm not finding it user friendly. I have saved several playlists to my library. When I try to listen to a different playlist, the first song plays then defaults back to a previous playlist. Not sure how to change what I have on queue. Can I get some help with this? Thanks.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
916,Eve,"December 23, 2022","Great music app. Only a few features requests: the ability to add a song simultaneously to multiple playlists at once, ability to have a trash bin on the app where you can recover your deleted playlists, ability to have a notifications area that keeps all of the Collab playlist that you were invited to in the past 12 months, ability to leave a review for a podcast along with your rating, and ability to create folders/categories for your playlists ♥️",4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
917,Florencia Valle-Miller,"January 26, 2023","Update 1/26/23: same thing, after yesterday's update nothing works correctly. Doesn't load, loads but gives error message ""something went wrong"", etc. Bad. After the last update the app stops playing and doesn't show the pause button. Only way to stop is to force stop the app. Then I delete the cache. Then I restart the app. It's not my phone. I even tried deleting all the data and have uninstalled and reinstalled it three times. This needs to be fixed. I pay for premium.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
918,Jenny Manno,"February 18, 2023","I love Spotify... my only issue is with being able get to a screen that will allow me to search something. Sometimes it just seems to get stuck, and it feels like I'm going in circles... unable to get to the screen I need to in order to search. Aside from that, it's great!",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
919,Liam,"December 10, 2022","There are better apps out there... Personally, I think this app is great but I would suggest a few changes. Firstly, you don't need the ads to be audio, just put advert banners across the top and sides of the home page. Second, STOP SUGGESTING SONGS!! If I wanted those songs added to my playlist, I would add them myself! The amount of times I get songs in there that are inappropriate or contain hard language is uncountable. Please remove this feature! Personally, I recommend Deezer.",70 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
920,Justin Hollon,"December 23, 2022","Hate the new ""Session"" feature. Been using spotify premium for years without issue and now there is some kind of connection issue every time i want to connect to any of my devices. Prompts me if i want to take control of my own session.... yes i would very much like to be in control and just listen to music. I have no interest in sessions or sharing",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
921,III McDIBBLE,"January 11, 2023",App is good to play unlimited music. But what good does that do me if the app crashes every time after about 30 seconds rather I have the screen on or off or apps closed or open. It just randomly closes. Fix that and it will be a great app. I won't be continuing my membership after my 3 months is up. I can't even get a full set in at the gym before the app crashes then I have to stop mid set and re open the app. That is ridiculous!,113 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
922,Jon Angell,"December 13, 2022","It's very buggy. Will randomly remove the song controls after a song, forcing me to close the app and reopen (but even that doesn't always work). A playlist might only play maybe ten songs on a loop even though there could be hundreds available. Loads of little things that make it constantly annoying to use the app. Just buggy.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
923,C h,"December 8, 2022",What used to be great is now a terrible experience thanks to the update. On a playlist of almost 800 songs it will find maybe a dozen and simply repeat them over and over and over again. Usually in the same order even. I've logged out and logged back in. I've switched lists. Honestly done every tip or trick I can find. And it always ends up the same way. After a day or two I'm back to the same half dozen songs. Why am I paying for premium again?,26 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
924,Anthony Messina,"December 13, 2022","Always glarringly obvious bugs that never go away. Cant shuffle my music after enabling enhance on my liked songs, cant sidescroll to view the different genres to categorize my music, open the app while music is playing just for it to force quit my music in the queue and stop playing all together, etc. And when I want to report an issue there seems to be no actual place to report it without having to jump through several hoops and logging in on my browser. Just shotty program design work overall",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
925,Harley Q,"December 26, 2022","I have paid for the ad free, and now some of my songs won't even show up, or aren't playable if I don't have WiFi. I used to be able to play my entire Playlist without being on WiFi. Even hooked up to Bluetooth in my car and my JB speaker, it still played my entire Playlist. Please fix the bugs from the latest update.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
926,Alex B,"December 9, 2022","For anyone having annoyance about the ads such as I. Just exit out of the app, then go back in. Works 99% and goes straight to your song. Spotify, fix the amount of ads you put, its irritating af. As for the premium stuff. I really hoped and wished that the options of payment aren't just disclosed on credit or paypal. Some people dont even have credit or online payment just yet. Wish it was just that easy since there are free months with it. Process doesnt havent much open payment options.",33 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
927,Casper,"February 4, 2023",Great app just a little awkward to get used to how everything works unfortunately you have to say and go through every notification and turn it off manually or you will get tons of emails in push notifications. They really need to change a few things however the free selection is pretty good although I can't get it to stop shuffling the music kinda odd when it goes from country to heavy metal two Progressive pop and Rock other than that you can't beat free I'm sure the premium is great though,0,2,spotify
928,Angela C Prendergast,"January 14, 2023",Sorry for low rating but it is driving me mad. I have a list of liked songs which I want to play. I go into my liked songs to play them and Spotify plays one or two and then starts playing ridiculous music. No even of the same genre. I try to stop the song they are playing to play what I want to hear and it just ignores it. Something for Spotify to fix before I uninstall the app. Disappointing you can't listen to music you want to listen to and have to put up with the rubbish that Spotify picks,0,2,spotify
929,Morgan Turner,"January 5, 2023","This app is extremely agrivating to use and very glitchy at times. Spotify does not fairly pay artists either. The app can be very convenient though. I mainly have it for convenience and the JRE (very laggy and does not include full library). Also, it is near impossible to communicate with an actual human being that works FOR Spotify. This makes getting assistance with the app or one's account very inconvenient. They do not have a telephone or email.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
930,Lydia Aycock,"January 26, 2023",Spotify PLEASE FIX THIS! I have loved this app for the longest time but today when I went to listen to some music the song would go for 10 seconds then stop I have tried everything I could to get it to work. At this point I just decided to uninstall it and install it again. Well I did that and now it won't let me sign in at all. I've also looked at other reviews and people have the same problem. Spotify please fix this issue!,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
931,Tatsuo Emerarudo,"December 12, 2022","I don't have Premium, but I love Spotify. But this new update got Spotify and I in a funk. If you pause the music, and then push play again, it'll restart the song it was playing and then stop playing anymore songs. The bar to control the music will disappear too. I found a way around it, but still... You can go into different playlist than the one you were playing and press play there. It'll play that playlist and from there, you can grab your other playlist. I hope Spotify will fix this soon.",0,3,spotify
932,Lisa Wilsey,"February 12, 2023","Gives me a great option to stream to my Bluetooth speaker. The free version always say 30 minutes of uninterrupted songs but that is total BS. Played 3 ads (the same ad 3 times actually) then played one song and another 3 ads. This happens every time, I just don't have another option yet.",0,3,spotify
933,Natalie Dubey,"December 15, 2022",Love the music but way to many ads. The ads are literally every 2 songs and there each 15 or 30 seconds long. I switched to pandora for a while and it was amazing. I switched back to give it a nether shot but the more and more I use my act the more ads I get. You seriously need to fix this bc I read alot of the reviews and they are going thru the same thing. You will lose alot of ppl who use the app if this keeps happening including me.,0,1,spotify
934,Chad Chase,"January 26, 2023","This is still an issue: if I have artists or songs ""hidden""/listed as ""do not play this""... They play anyways! Mostly on Google audio speaker, but sometimes on my phone as well. It's really annoying to hear stuff I don't want to hear, especially if I already hid the songs. So I keep having to remove song I don't want to hear, then eventually I just completly block the artists ie Sam Smith Ed Sheeran etc because I dislike most of their recent songs which I keep failing to actually have hidden",8 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
935,J. Myers,"January 14, 2023","Great but kinda janky at times. The notification tab for the app still has songs I search for and played from a week ago. The app will sometimes crash or ""short wire"" it self randomly to were it'll skip or turn off while the song is playing. You can tell the app is malfunctioning when the song only play for 12 seconds. But I'll say I like the upcoming and current changes to the user interface.",21 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
936,Kaleia Bautista,"December 26, 2022","This is one of my favorite apps to play music on, but theres one huge problem. The amount of ads it gives you is disgusting. Also, when it tells you to listen to this ad to get 30 minutes of no ads, it doesn't happen. But other than all the ads, it has song recommendations and playlists made just for the user.",25 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
937,Ethan,"December 22, 2022","I like the way that there is a lot of music that you can explore and add to playlists. It is a fine app. However, when you listen to a song, there is a bar that will show up and it won't go away unless you undownload the app then re-download it. It is very annoying and I got really frustrated with it. It is hard to figure out how to do certain things in the app, lime to remove something from your Playlist.",0,3,spotify
938,Jeorje MqFlai,"January 4, 2023","01/2023 update: for anyone running into issues with Spotify not working on your device? Try just uninstalling and reinstalling the app and they not to mess with the settings too much (especially the device control settings)... I have absolutely no idea why this happens, but once other services start cutting the app on the same account, it just loses it's shi* and stops working completely. Restarting phone won't work. Force stopping app won't work. It's really annoying actually.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
939,jaden bailey,"February 17, 2023",Dont listen to the 1 star reviews. Its simply people who want to choose a specific song they wanna listen to. This app has amazing navigation and ads arent even that frequent. I had a 5-6 year old make a Spotify account and add his favorite songs without knowing what Spotify was. He did an amazing job at it because as i said an amazing navigation system. This app is loved by many people. Why not join. (The 1 stars are mainly people who are from Pandora or just really easily annoyed),0,5,spotify
940,Zedekiah Matsumori,"January 23, 2023","This is a terrible music app if you don't buy their premium because can can't even just choose a single song and listen to it, you have to listen to a playlist with it on it and hope it comes up in your few skips. Also when it does ads they will either be 1 every like 5-6 songs or like 4 after like 2 songs. I used Spotify about a year ago and it was awesome on the free version and I didn't mind the ads because I could listen to the songs I wanted to, now I can't even do that.",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
941,MKS1298,"January 5, 2023","I updated the app to be able to see my Spotify Wrapped and now no matter what I do, it won't play music. I've deleted it and reinstalled it and it still won't play music. The only thing it will play are ads, over and over again but no actual music. I've had Spotify for years, I've listened to music for hours every day and since mid-December I have barely listened to any music. I have to listen to the radio or pull up YouTube just to listen to anything.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
942,Mad Fish,"February 9, 2023","I used to really like Spotify, but over the last year, it just keeps getting worse. Now, I'm offline all the time, but I can still stream podcasts and everything. I just can't look anything up on the app. I log in on my laptop, and no problem. But I got the new S-22 ultra and nothing. I've been a premium member for a long time, and over the last few year's the app gets worse and worse. Now it's completely unusable. I'm not sure what I'm paying for anymore. Something that I can't use.",0,2,spotify
943,Ghosireflo,"December 24, 2022","Honestly one of the only apps I pay a subscription for, and it's worth it. Being able to download music to listen offline has saved many roadtrips and it doesn't even take up that much space. There was a few times the app wouldn't open but I managed to find a way around it. All in all this app is definitely worth a subscription and will definitely be recommending this to my friends who need an app for music.",28 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
944,Khataro “LazySpaceRaptor” Rhelnar,"December 9, 2022","Would rate ★★★★★ if not for one glaring flaw, car mode options. (Premium Duo user) The car mode option is overridden whenever connecting to the car. I have it set to Never, but it continues to turn on car mode anyways. Other than that, everything else is nice. App volume could be a little more accessible, but it's not bad.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
945,Joanne Robinson,"December 15, 2022","Disappointed I can no longer save playlists or albums to my home screen. Why would that functionality be removed??? I lost the ones I had saved when I needed to reinstall due to freezing. I also have issues when playing via Bluetooth in car now. My playlist stops after 1 or 2 songs, however when I play an album I don't have any issues I pay for the premium service and am really annoyed to be losing functionality- am I going to be charged less each month??",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
946,Ryan Schultz,"January 31, 2023","I've been using Spotify for 5 years with no complaints till now. Please, make the smart shuffle a separate button, the icon looks so similar to the original shuffle button and it constantly plays songs I don't want to listen to. It's rather obnoxious and bothering me. New song comes on and it's on not even in my playlist, I'll literally unsub because of this. Never missed a month but now I'm debating. It's just annoying.",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
947,Cassandra Cullen,"December 28, 2022","I normally love Spotify but lately it's been crashing and it's not been play a playlist through, it will play a few songs then start from the beginning again. Also when I am casting to my tv it often will disconnect from my phone so I can't control it but is still playing on my tv. And most anoying thing is it skips!!!!! Like a flippen scratched CD I definitely wouldn't have seen that as a problem 😂",21 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
948,D A,"December 16, 2022","No, it's not flawless, but this is the app i choose to use! Occasionally has some weird things going on, but sooner or later they seem to work it out. My biggest issue would have to be that the ""remove from playlist and hide song"" are too close to the ""add song to playlist"" can't tell you how many times I've hit the wrong one by accident! Argh! It seems like it should be an easy fix but i guess nobody cares as much as i do because I've been complaining about this for a couple years now!",24 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
949,Stephen Baker,"December 14, 2022","Spotify stops after one song every single time I get back in my car, even if it's only stopped for a few minutes. The only way to continue is to open the app and choose a new playlist to start again. I have deleted all data, uninstalled and reinstalled, removed all battery saving options, and exactly the same. Even in different vehicles which confirms it's not my car being the problem. If this continues, I'm cancelling my long term membership.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
950,Laura Oksa,"December 12, 2022","Getting better and worse in turns. Latest update is WORSE. Is it really a new feature that you cannot skip back/restart the current song? Playlist view has changed for much worse. You cannot search, sort, or reshuffle the playlist. Cannot find ""next up"" list of the tracks in queue in an active playlist. Skips limited. I pay for Unlimited, is this a push to pay for ""proper"" premium - or are these updates launched across all Android devices? (The layout looks suspiciously like the free account...)",61 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
951,Cheree Jobb,"February 17, 2023","I'm not too sure what's going on recently, but I can play from my Playlist, and every few songs, it just stops in the middle of it. If I restart the song, it starts over from the beginning. I've never had this issue before, I could listen for hours. Now, I can't get through more than 2-3 songs. This is very frustrating, especially since I'm paying for premium. I've made sure the app was up to date, and even that hasn't helped. I'm very close to canceling my membership.",0,1,spotify
952,CheekiBreeki,"January 10, 2023","Absolutely horrendous, impossible to use, can't play seperate songs (unlike pc), songs just decide not to play sometimes, half the time song don't even load, can't add new songs to a playlist because the app feels the need to shuffle EVERYTHING, albums, individual songs, playlists, EVERYTHING. Spend most of my time on the app looking at a blank screen even though my WiFi is perfectly fine in every app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
953,Tobi Pritchard,"December 28, 2022","Every week the 'Discover Weekly' shows me a bunch of artists and songs that I already have played, listened, and liked. Use to think the discover weekly algorithm was amazing, but quickly fizzled out. Repetitive suggestions now and annoying 'activate voice commands!' popups. I'm not discovering anything with discover weekly and even new releases will spam you with stuff from the previous 'new releases'. App is good for playing music but has somehow become worse at helping you find new content.",58 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
954,Haeven Ott,"December 2, 2022",Ive had this app for years and I loved it. Im actually really upset I can no longer use this app from the recent updates. The app won't run on my phone at all anymore. I think it has issues with the fact that I have an SD card in my phone but there was never an issue before until the recent update. It also seems like spotify doesn't care about solving the issue.,3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
955,Parsnips001,"January 27, 2023","Never bought premium. I'm fine-ish with the amount of ads. I have a different problem that has been around for a while, why can't we see what songs are in albums? Why doesn't mobile get to look through an album to add songs to playlists without having to search each song individually? Of course you can do it on PC, so why make the experience so obtuse on mobile?",8 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
956,Corbin Cameron,"December 14, 2022","Overall love this app, easy to navigate, finding songs i love is easy, and the algorithm is good at finding songs i may like. However recently for whatever reason every time a song finishes, it freezes and it won't play the playlist i currently have playing unless i close the app and select a new Playlist. And EVERY time i do this, it plays 1 or 2 ads, even if the whole ""30 min free"" is still active??? So its making it very difficult to enjoy music.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
957,Jasper xoxo,"December 19, 2022","I love how much music and resources you can reach but let's address the elephants in the room. Ads and layouts. We know how annoying ads are so not much on that but layouts. I can't go to an exact point in the song like you can on other devices, when you push a song it can play a different one, when you make a playlist you can't just pick a specific song again LIKE ON ORHER DEVICES. It's really just unfair and I get why you do it but it's annoying.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
958,Junior Tovar,"December 2, 2022","I do use this app a lot because I love listening to music, but the shuffle play for Playlist is extremely unbalanced and certain songs will play over and over again and you can go months without hearing songs, also the new format for editing your Playlists is not good, you can no longer see the album cover or play a clip of the song inside the Playlist, please change it back or make it so you can turn it on and off",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
959,Benjamin Olivers,"January 6, 2023","I still love the app, I really do. works great, love the music, but the new update is annoying tbh. can't preview songs, can't like songs that u add to a playlist, and it honestly just looks ugly too. I preferred the rectangles that had the title and the cover art and all that. overall I still love the app and won't stop using it, but the layout is ugly and I hate it. Respectfully 💚",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
960,Kimberly Barkley,"February 18, 2023","Moto G8 Power running Android 11: Latest version of Spotify: Of late, the app process just randomly starts running of its own accord, wasting RAM. Sometimes difficult to kill and uninstall/reinstall has no effect. Used to this behavior from Google and Amazon apps but, with them, you don't really have much choice. Not thrilled.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
961,Mahmoud Moravej,"February 10, 2023","It is not connecting to my smart speakers most of the times. Unless I ask the smart speaker to play music. It is disappointing that it is not getting connected and not raising any issues. The second problem is searching music is not straightforward. Also commands like ""play some Persian music"" always paly same musics.",0,2,spotify
962,Alven Musanka,"January 4, 2023","Overall amazing experience. I have 324 liked songs in my library, google says that there's no limit to songs you can like but after 324 the app won't like any songs. Also, the play button for playlists won't work, i have to tap a song in the playlist to trigger shuffle mode. Download button won't work as well, please fix these bugs. I noticed this began when i cleared cache in the app. After logging out then in again, it was okay again. Note; if you clear cache or force stop app misbehaves.",33 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
963,Liam O'Malley,"December 15, 2022","This app used to be the best but has just become increasingly buggy as time goes on. It's already disappointing as a premium user that you can make a really big playlist but it won't shuffle more than 100 songs at a time before looping back to the beginning of those same 100. Now it's bugged so if you start playing audio from another app with spotify in the background, it just deletes the entire queue, and this happens regardless of whether shuffle is on or not. Reinstalling didn't fix it either",29 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
964,Martin Horton,"December 12, 2022","Latest update has broken playlists. I play one song and the app freezes and I have to close the app, restart and then navigate to the place I left as the playlist restarts from the beginning. Really annoying when connected to my car as I have to stop and sort out or I end up listening to the same 2 or 3 tracks whilst driving. FIX IT!",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
965,Jessica Taylor,"January 15, 2023",Before the most recent update I loved listening to Spotify but right now I think the update is a bit bad. I listen to Spotify for free and I sometimes skip some songs in my playlist but now after I skip 6 times an hour u can't skip anymore. And Every song it's the same ad in between it gets a bit annoying. Another thing I noticed is I can't listen to my playlists in order it's always on randomise and I can't change that. Please sort it.,56 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
966,Jason Gotsch,"January 13, 2023","Broken... I select an artist to listen to, get through a song and a half and then some other random music starts playing. Also, after I disconnect from any Bluetooth source Spotify insists on playing through my phone's speakers. Only way to get it to stop is by going in the app settings and doing a forced stop. I'm a long time subscriber, but cancelling my membership and going to Amazon music.",0,1,spotify
967,Kelsey Power,"January 4, 2023","I do enjoy the app but two things: you have to go to website for audio books and two, the suggested Playlist are very rarely different from day to day. They suggest the same 30 songs everyday and so I find myself going to YouTube music for my music listening. And I use Spotify for my podcasts mostly. P.s. I forgot to say as well when the music is playing ads I have had up to 9 minutes of ads play back to back and it's the same 2 ads over and over. Then 1 song plays and then 6 min of ads again.🙄",0,4,spotify
968,Matthew,"January 8, 2023","I love Spotify and have been using it for many years but there are a couple of REALLY ANNOYING things that happen to me... Every time I say ""hey Google play Spotify"" sometimes it surprises me but most of the time it is something I don't want to hear. Then I need to walk to my phone and select a playlist defeating the purpose voice assistance. Also, sometimes connecting to my speaker group at home takes an extremely long time with Spotify or fails. This may be a Google home issue.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
969,Stiilus Otaku,"December 17, 2022","I've got the free version and I think it's great. I just wish I wasn't spammed with the same advert ad nauseum or at the very minimum adverts that were relevant to me. I'm a 40 year old guy. What am I gonna do with an advert for feminine hygiene products 20 times a day. Tell me about upcoming tourist events or new corn chip flavours or anything else. I don't mind that there's adverts, I just wish there was more variety or specific tailoring with them. Otherwise, I think it's a really great app.",12 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
970,Edward Devine,"February 10, 2023","The android app has been ignored for years. There's frequent bugs, dropped connections to network speakers, Spotify on wear is is a joke. I swear it's been years since any meaningful update for Spotify Android app or wear os. What Spotify does good is push promotions with pop ups. Also the ""shuffle"" is garbage at shuffling anything. I can play a playlist that has 5 hours of songs and the ""shuffle feature"" will literally replay the same songs before shuffling through ALL songs.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
971,Star Leez,"December 3, 2022","Good app to listen to music on. The only problem is that when I add songs I ACTUALLY WANT TO LISTEN TO, more songs are added that I never added or even heard of. Every time a favorite song of mine ends, I have to go through the suspense of finding out if my songs with continue playing or if i have to wait till I have a song I want to listen to. I have to create MULTIPLE Playlists at a time to try and listen to the songs I choose. It's very frustrating every single time.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
972,Sofie Couwenbergh,"January 9, 2023","I love Spotify but the last few days it's been buggy as hell. It starts playing whenever my earphones are plugged in, both on mobile and desktop, and even when I turn it off, it starts again. On mobile, it also switches between songs without me doing anything and for some reason it constantly prompts me to use Google or Bigby Voice to use it.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
973,Donna G,"January 8, 2023","When I don't want the songs in a playlist to change, they do & vis versa. Would like the option to play playlists back to back. Support sucks. **Private session doesn't work for sleep music I play through my Google Home speaker. Worked around pairing issues for sometime, but they're back. Release Radar is just bad remixes. *Spotify's new glitches: I can no longer swipe right to see all the genres to sort my liked songs. I can only see the first four or the first six if I rotate my phone.",93 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
974,Samuel Barry,"January 24, 2023","It is an alright app. However for a big company as it is, it should have the option to clear music listening history so that suggestions won't get messed up if someone else listened to my music app. And now the app freezes as soon as I launch it. And I got a brand new phone so it is definitely a problem with the app as others are experiencing the same thing. It has now become so frustrating that I change my rating to 1 star. If it could go power I would.",43 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
975,Frank G,"December 12, 2022","Something is wrong. Spotify has worked perfectly for me, until the most recent update was downloaded and installed. Since the update, music stops playing after one song (even after closing and reopening the app), especially songs that are on a playlist and that I've heard plenty of times. Not sure what is going on",0,2,spotify
976,Rob Ronin,"February 7, 2023","I have nothing but good things to say about Spotify. Great app. Versatile, easy to use. I love sharing playlists with friends. Just one thing though. It would be nice if there was a way I could connect my actual customer account with my artist's account. I'm a verified recording artist on Spotify. It would go a long way to help with becoming verified on the other platforms.",3 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
977,riley_pup,"January 23, 2023","Every 2-4 minutes i have to go back on my phone, pause the ad, close & reopen spotify to avoid wasting my time. It went from an ad after every 2 songs which im fine with to after every single song & its frustrating especially when music is a stress reliever. Then i hate it when a ""recommended song"" plays on my main playlist & i cant pick another song. If you could pick whatever song you wanted to listen to on YOUR OWN playlist. Its SO FRUSTRATING when this happens.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
978,Melissa Spearing,"January 12, 2023","Perfect for people who just absolutely love music! But I did find a bit of a problem for me.. When I got the 2022 wrapped stuff I clicked the one that said new under it. Instead of letting me look at each page, it sends me straight to the end. Could you fix it so you can choose to go to the next page? Otherwise great app! (Sorry if my problem sounded weird I didn't know how to explain it lol)",9 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
979,Colter Rounds,"December 13, 2022",Been using Spotify since 2013 and been a premium user since 2017. Spotify has treated me very well all these years. However this last update just screwed everything up. If you have anywhere between 10 -15 of inactivity the app completely screws up. It drops where you're at in your playlist and deletes your entire queue. Tapping to play that playlist again doesn't start the playlist at all. I have to listen my playlist in colonological order instead of shuffle so you know where you left off.,9 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
980,LIGHT SABER,"January 24, 2023","Keeps removing tonnes of songs for an unknown reason to me, i would like an explanation. Also I pay for premium because of the abundance of normal stuff you don't get with no plan, but you'd get with other music streaming services for free, but it is overly priced, almost the same as Netflix, and more than Disney Plus in Australia just for music. The student option doesn't even work, and im a student.",44 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
981,Liesl Gee Kee,"December 14, 2022","The latest update is terrible, won't play songs continuously, will always return to the start of the playlist each time I connect to my car. And I have to close and reopen 3 or 4 times to get the shuffle to work. Very disappointing hence my 1 star rating!! Paying for premium, it should be better than this! Please fix ASAP!",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
982,Karl Bowles,"January 26, 2023","I really like this app because it plays on my Amazon devices. The biggest issue is that sometimes downloaded songs just disappear from my play list and more frustratingly is that when using the ""shuffle"" option the app does not really work, it seems to play the same songs over and over again. Can you fix please good people at Spotify?",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
983,Taryn Rehn,"December 26, 2022","Even though I have almost 2000 liked songs it plays the same hundred or so when on shuffle. To the point where I end up unliking some of my favorite songs so they don't get over played. I want a shuffle option where songs are not repeated until all songs have been played. I like what they're doing with enhanced playlists and smart shuffle. On the other hand, I'm realizing that I miss new releases from some of my favorite artists that I'm following. Not sure what's up with that.",16 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
984,Sebastian Romo,"December 6, 2022","Terrible experience for podcasts. Even though I pay for premium, I get ads 'baked in' the podcast recording. The pest is the ads are extremely invasive: I am getting about 2 minute ads for every 5 minutes of podcast play time. Which makes the listening experience just awful. I understand ads are needed, but perhaps putting them at the beginning or end is much more reasonable without penalizing the users that pay for an ad-free service.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
985,Rachel Pink,"December 14, 2022","This app was great when I downloaded it in 2020 but last year it started glitching and skipping songs like a scratched CD. I spent 4 months going back and forth with customer service (all of which was a complete was of time) you never speak to the same person, I had over 2 dozen ""chat"" conversations with numerous staff and they all made me do the same thing, which was unsuccessful at fixing the problem. Customer service is trash, the app itself is trash and now it glitches every time I use it.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
986,Saramae Clark,"January 12, 2023","I loved Spotify, have been using the music service for awhile now. Recently there must have been an update or something because now I have so many problems getting the app to load and actually play the music from my phone. So frustrating! Have to spend at least 15 minutes just trying to get the app to start playing music!",0,2,spotify
987,Dale McKenzie,"December 12, 2022","App frequently says no internet connection despite having strong network connections. Offline play mode doesn't work offline. An internet connection is needed to view downloaded playlists. Podcasts will restart after pausing, or will start at a random place in the podcast. App won't close even when forced closed (android). Overall, very glitchy and frustrating",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
988,John Shaw,"December 14, 2022","Just like dozens upon dozens of others, since the last update this app is now incredibly buggy. Everytime I reconnect to my car, it plays the last song I played when I last connected then stops and won't work again until I open the app. When I do, it says ""John is listening on his S22 do you want to join or takeover"" but the problem is, I only have one S22 and it's in my hands. I've already done the ""logout everywhere"" to no avail. It's clearly a big and not just me.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
989,Randy L,"December 14, 2022","Went from mediocre to unusable recently, takes way too long to start music, randomly stops playing music needing a complete restart, any station consists of a max of 10 songs repeated forever, choosing to listen to just one artist isn't an option anymore, 5 songs into an artist's library and suddenly I'm getting recommended songs from other artists. Oh and still waiting on the high quality audio update. Will be canceling soon if any of this isn't fixed soon.",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
990,Brian Karafa,"December 29, 2022","The app is up to date but the songs skip like you're listening to an old scratched CD, they also stop playing randomly. I've even gone as far to change the settings to high quality only, even for the downloads which uses like 3x the storage space and it still persists. Very distracting when you're music starts scrambling while driving. Please fix it!!!!!!",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
991,Bob In The Box,"January 28, 2023",Apps gotten decent over the years and usually works without issue sometimes you'll need to reinstall it which is annoying but not the end of the world unless you download a large amount of music. My only major complaint is the xbox sync doesnt really work at all and constantly either disconnects from the app or refuses to play music while connected.,3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
992,Joe W,"February 17, 2023","I really hate the user interface of this app. Why is it so hard to navigate? Show the current playlist and don't make it so easy to accidentally skip to the next track since you can't get back to the current one. Also, too many ads, but I understand I'm using the free version. Good tunes tho.",0,3,spotify
993,Buzy Bee,"December 30, 2022","Awesome experience yet sad, sadly we only get a couple of skips now than in the past. In the past we had infinite skips, now we can't freely skip. Along with this is that sometimes that some people used all their skips and a innapropite song plays that they don't want there, but then when they try deleting it, it doesn't go away from the playlist. Might as well give us infinite skips again.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
994,jalon pawson,"December 12, 2022","Up until recently the app was perfect, the recent update stops playing my playlist when I close the app and when I do start my car again and connect it plays the one song and completely shuts out of the playlist making me have to start all over again! Please revert back or fix this issue! Having premium and paying for it I'm quite annoyed at this as it was never this bad prior to the recent update.",16 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
995,Taylor “SageHunteR” Fowler,"January 2, 2023","Is currently having an issue with my Liked Songs playlist. I currently have over 1700+ songs in it and the number is displayed under the playlist title but the songs themselves are not accessible unless I activate the enhance mode, instead the playlist shows the caption 'Your like songs will appear here'. Not world ending, but I cannot removed songs that I no longer like unless I comb through the ones mixed in from the enhanced mod. Thank you for your time",0,4,spotify
996,Stephanie Raboteaux (SephiraRbtx),"January 19, 2023","5/26/22:I had given the app 5 stars, but I've brought it down to 3 because of the continuous crashes and the fact that hearted/downloaded songs sometimes glitch and the songs play for about 5 seconds then skips to the next. 18/01/23 Edit: it's literally still doing it. I would like to add that I'm a premium user and this is very disappointing. 3☆->2☆",6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
997,Christian Djelovski,"December 9, 2022",The playlists I play just randomly stop playing when a song ends. I would have to play a different playlist then I'd have to go back to the other playlist to continue listening to it. I also don't like the way personal playlists you can't edit it anymore you can only remove a song and change the thumbnail. Overall Spotify has been getting worse.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
998,Ava Herrera,"January 31, 2023","It's a good app overall, coming from a premium user who has had it for a while, and no issues yet. However, I don't like how you aren't able to see who likes your playlists, only the amount of people who have liked it. I think that it would be useful if you let everyone in a premium plan add people instead of only the plan manager.",9 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
999,Michael,"December 6, 2022","I honestly,cannot find anything negative about this app!Aside from podcasts,recorded books, as well as streaming music there is also a way to follow your favorite artists!For times when you cannot live stream, you can go to ""off line"" setting, and listen with no active data stream.Spotify keeps it's word! I cannot recommend highly enough! 6 star rating, if I could!!!",21 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1000,James Pels,"December 13, 2022",+'ve...Sound quality is great when it works. App functionality good. Great selection of music available. -'ve... Frequently (more than once per day) drops out when connecting to audio devices at home (Sonos and a Sonos compatible AV Amp). Takes ages to reconnect - often have to reinstall app. Looking at other options to Spotify.,0,2,spotify
1001,Keegan Schulze,"January 12, 2023","I downloaded some podcasts to listen to when I am offline, but i am unable to get to the menu to choose to listen to downloaded podcasts without network connection. Please fix this issue. It is one of the reasons i stopped listening to podcasts on Spotify for a long time. This issue has been around for a long time I'm really surprised that this problem has not been fixed",0,3,spotify
1002,Atraxa,"February 5, 2023","I'm wondering that why, all of sudden, songs are being deleted off my Playlists!??? I hope you all respond because this it happening too often and it's annoying me because I find songs I couldn't remember for the longest time. And customizing playlists isn't easy and whatever you all did lately has messed mine up! Fix this or I'm canceling my sub. I've been a customer for almost 3 years and you all are ticking me off now!",0,1,spotify
1003,Devin Damien,"February 1, 2023","Android app on Galaxy S21 ultra constantly malfunctioning. App will randomly skip to another podcast in the middle of listening to a podcast with zero interaction. Reinstall.. Same thing. Whoever they pay for coding is messing up. If this continues, I will be forced to cancel my family plan. *Update * almost one year later and I've tried everything. I have extensive experience with information technology, including the US military. I'm out of options. I'm about to start pirating exclusive pods.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1004,Kyle Belcher,"January 15, 2023","Please, please, PLEASE Spotify, sort out these relentless technical glitches. It feels like I have to figure out bizarre new rituals every time I open the app just to get it to work properly. Positions in playlists getting lost, downloaded songs disappearing, albums not loading at all, etc. etc. Absolutely unacceptable for it to be this unreliable after so many years. I've been with Spotify since day one but I am so close to switching over to Deezer. Customer service pathetic too. SORT. IT. OUT.",233 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1005,Jenny B.,"December 14, 2022",Recent update caused issues. Since the last update the music breaks up randomly. Mostly between songs but also sometimes in the middle of a song. The music bar disappeared and I can't restart the same playlist in random play. I have to pick a song in the playlist so it starts playing. I like Spotify but this issue is a pain.,0,1,spotify
1006,Austin Handley,"December 14, 2022",I greatly enjoy using spotify but since I got the pixel 6 the Spotify app seems to be buggy. It will play 3-4 songs and then quit. The only way to play music is to either force quit the app or click on a song. I can't click the green play button at the top. It won't do anything if I try. I tried uninstalling the app and that didn't solve the issue.,0,2,spotify
1007,Conan Chanovre,"December 19, 2022",Has been great up until recently when the music just stops and starts whenever it wants. Definitely a bug or technical issue with the software. Have a near new phone all software up to date was paying for the premium version which I have recently suspended payments for as I refuse to pay for a glitchy product. Hopefully I'm not alone and they actually do something soon before I change music vendors. K thanks bye,2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1008,unarmed phantom,"February 16, 2023","This is a great app for the most part, but there must be a new feature where when you try and play your Playlist it just plays a bunch of songs ""related to"" your Playlist that you run out of skips trying to get though for 3 hours and you are unable to listen to a single song on your Playlist. Which in turn makes you delete Spotify and reinstall it to get it to play songs on your Playlist again.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1009,Kathleen R,"January 17, 2023","1/17/23 update: what is going on???! Every few days in past few months, something changes/disappears: Song Preview (now back, but you have to tap ""and more""), then ability to Preview songs in my saved lists disappeared, then reinstated, now today that function is gone again! Please keep Song Preview. And pls make the app consistent & reliable again.",201 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1010,Sara,"December 15, 2022","Changing of the layout is getting on my nerves! This app is not user friendly. They keep moving the shuffle, the playlists and artists page is a complete mess, I can no longer move a song within a playlist, they removed the text to speech feature so they can push people to buy their dumb car thing. It makes me want to switch, but I haven't because some of the obscure artists I enjoy are limited to this app. I wish they'd be able to broaden their music on other platforms. Why pay for audiobooks?",468 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1011,Grace Popham,"January 23, 2023","I am not going to get premium. I am struggling financially. Your ads make it even less appealing to even consider. It's the most annoying thing. Just stop. There's a reason your ads are a joke. Music constantly stops randomly, and it's so frustrating when it says I have no internet even though other apps work just fine. I'll give you credit for your podcasts, though. I've found some amazing ones, and the fact you can download them is amazing.",9 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1012,Stefan Simionescu,"January 3, 2023","Amazing app, tried Tidal, Deezer YT music, nothing compares to it, the discover algorithm is top of at the food chain. I have been using premium for 6 years now.Only giving 4 stars for very poor management of sessions, an amazing function that used to work perfectly, and now, for more than half a year needs quick fixing every 2 seconds to be able to enjoy it, and sometimes quick fixing won't do it. Disconnects from sessions randomly, cannot chose device to listen to anymore, plays on both 😂.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1013,Jon Killeen,"December 27, 2022","The recent update from Spotify appears to have broken the app. Playlists listened to on ""shuffle"" repeat the same 5 songs on loop unless your skip ahead 5 songs and then you get a new 5-song rotation. If you pause the playlist to do something, and then come back later (15 minutes, 2 hours, doesn't matter) it loses what you were playing last and you have to start something new, (or re-find what you had just started listening to. I pay for premium, and right now, I'm feeling ripped off.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1014,Giulia Di Faustino,"December 16, 2022","i've always used this app with a free account without giving me any problems, but it's been a week since i can't even skip more than 6 songs per hour and i can only listen to the preview of any song when i touch the play button on them. i would give a 5 stars rating to this app because i love it, but because of these problems i'm giving only 3 stars. if you solve these problems i'll give 5 stars and i'll continue using spotify. thank you.",9 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1015,Teresa H,"December 29, 2022","i've loved using this app and have for years. however, recently, i've been having trouble. i play my music, and it's completely fine, but as soon as i turn off my phone, it starts to randomly pause. i tried restarting it, clearing my cache, reinstalling it, and i have spotify connect on. so i'm not sure what's causing this, if it's a bug or just my phone, but it's been happening for at least 3 weeks. other than that though, i have no complaints, i just hope that this issue will be resolved soon.",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1016,Carey Myers-kubash,"January 14, 2023","I'm so frustrated with this app. First, it stops playing songs completely, I delete it, reinstall it, log back in, deletes everything I had and songs play for only 10 seconds, I logged in and out, it gave me my mixes back, but still it decides to pause the songs after 10 seconds. Edit:Deleted for around an hour, reinstalled, it plays fine. I think it was just glitching and I needed to uninstall it for more than 10 seconds, I'm back with Spotify. Sorry for the misunderstanding.",58 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1017,Honey lemon,"December 6, 2022",My favorite thing about the app was the fact that I could click and see my songs (and songs on other places) plus play a few seconds of it through my playlist. Now I can't even see the album covers or other playlists songs! Please bring back the old features. This is the Worst update ever.,3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1018,Jaime Evans,"December 16, 2022","Love the app but I much more prefer the version before this. I had barely any ads and I could skip whenever I wanted, use the random feature as much as I wanted but now I'm being forced to listen to songs I'm not in the mood of listening to right now! I don't want to listen to these songs at the moment and then I can't skip because I only get 6 skips an hour??? I'm not paying money just to listen to music. So here I am, listening to Devils Don't Fly writing this review because this is horrendous",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1019,Carlo Bautista,"January 10, 2023",The Dumbest! UI of any music streaming platform I hate the fact when you type an artist it doesn't show all of the song list but instead you have to go through individual albums and what's more it doesn't show everything unless you know the specific name of the song I wonder where did spotify developers got their degrees because it doesn't come to fruition their incompetence of developing a simple intuitive UI.,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1020,Hansa “H”,"December 14, 2022","Spotify has a great selection of music. There's cool features like the daily mix which aggregate your songs plus similar ones. The audiobook addition is an add-on so it's not something I've used. Please can you make some audiobooks free or part of the family subscription? Beware that if you go offline, turning on wifi will affect your downloads and prompt you to re-download the songs sooner than 1 month.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1021,Erriane Erryanie,"December 10, 2022","Spotify is a nice app to play songs. But ever since the new feature abt getting 6 skips a hour(for those who don't have premium), I can't seem to listen to a song that I want to listen to as it shows me other songs that Spotify added into it. I loved the old Spotify where I can listen to a song I wanted whilst skipping unlimitedly. Spotify pls change this immediately!",29 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1022,Arthur K,"January 14, 2023","Worked fine for 2 months, then suddenly announced that I was offline (I wasn't). Logged out & couldn't log back in. Clearing app cache, data, reinstalling it, rebooting the phone didn't help. I'm able to log in to my Spotify account in a browser, so the issue is with the app. Found many reports of identical problem online with no clear resolution. Either it's fixed or I'm moving to another music service.",19 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1023,Aishani Batajoo,"February 2, 2023","It's a great app to listen to music but honestly there are so many ads that your basically not even listening to songs anymore, your listening to ads with some songs in between. I used to listen to it while studying but now I lotterally can't, I get like 3 ads minimum between almost every song and the ads aren't even short there like 1 min long you can't even skip.",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1024,Paul Medina,"February 9, 2023","Constantly disconnects from google cast and will then not reconnect. This is obviously a problem with the Spotify app as casting audio via Google Home app to any chrome device works just fine. Edit: Spotify will now and then crash my wifi when casting to google speakers using the cast icon, bringing down my entire wireless and all devices lose connection. This app keeps getting worse with each update.2023.02.09: now shuffle doesn't work. And even when shuffle is off it still shuffles. Ridiculous",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1025,Jessica Siffleet,"January 22, 2023","Worst update yet and I pay for my Spotify - for THREE devices its on, all seperate phone numbers, 3 different paid accounts not just one shared. I can get through maybe 1 or 2 songs then it just stops. App crashes. Makes me WILD. As soon as I go to open it whether I be streaming to headphones, car stereo, audio in the home, its frozen on the screen, just dies. Sometimes however itll just freeze, I open app then the current song starts again after about 30 sec 🤨 useless.",21 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1026,You can't keep running In and out of my Life,"December 22, 2022",Ever since the last update using this app has been a task I and of itself. Most of the time music will randomly cut off for a few seconds before MAYBE continuing to play if I don't have to start it again myself. Other times it will stop altogether and I'll have to go into the app and find it like nothing was playing at all I noticed that I wasn't the only one experiencing this so hopefully it can be rectified soon,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1027,Ken P,"January 13, 2023","Insufferable barrage of ads, can't even set a custom queue or listen to select songs without premium, has bugs including randomly skipping 10 good songs out of nowhere, i could go on all day. The mobile version of spotify is dogshit, if you don't have premium, that is. Why are nearly all the features unavailable like they are on pc version? Absolutely infuriating.",0,2,spotify
1028,Gabrielle antoinette Natividad,"February 9, 2023","I used to love this app but now its completely unusable without paying for premium, you can't even listen to a specific song without premium.. I get that people have to play bills but atleast make it usable for us teenagers who don't have money on hand for this. At this rate even youtube music is better, you cant listen while your screens closed but atleast you can pick the songs you like. Edit: it is now fixed and you can listen to any songs you want (i appreciate the ears for us users)",29 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1029,Ricardo José Esperança,"January 16, 2023","I don't think the developers really understand how many of their app users actually use it. To remove ""save playlist to home screen"" is to affect probably 90% of all mobile users. This was such a great way to have your playlists organized, but this ability was taken from us and we're stuck with the awful, user unfriendly built in way of accessing and organizing our library. That is the evil of monopolies, not caring about paying customers, they have nowhere else to go, anyway...",65 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1030,Laura Caves,"December 26, 2022","Spotify is a great app,but at this moment in time,and for the last few weeks,its been glitching.Firstly,if I'm listening to a song not on my playlist or something like that,usually a few songs,I go back to my playlists,and NONE of my music works! I've cleared the app,cleared it at the top,and even deleted the app,after over an hour it works again,but please fix this so my rating goes to 5 star.",59 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1031,Kitty juju,"December 15, 2022","Good app for music, but I don't know why Spotify hasn't even added a selection feature.. it would make a lot of things easier to be able to select more than one song at a time when making playlists and removing songs in favorites and playlists. Please add this feature, as it is getting very frustrating having to move songs one at a time 🙏 Also the annoying playlist layout where you can only remove songs and cannot preview them. Please fix.",0,3,spotify
1032,Meghan McCann,"January 31, 2023","Okay, not that it's all that bad, and I don't even mind the ads, but Spotify kinda sucks. Had to switch over from Apple Music after my family subscription was cancelled, and the free version is mid. I can't ever select a certain song to listen to the full thing, no more than 6 skips an hour, it adds random songs to my playlists and it's pretty annoying. Functional though, so 3 stars for that. ┐⁠(⁠´⁠ー⁠｀⁠)⁠┌",0,3,spotify
1033,Elena Di Salvo-Cristales,"December 18, 2022","Love this app and the podcasts I find on it. Recently, though, I'll start listening to a podcast, and it'll completely freeze only a few seconds in. Just won't play anymore. It's definitely a bug the developers need to look into since my friends have been complaining about the same issue.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1034,jessica rodriguez,"December 4, 2022","I don't mind the recent updates. There is one update that I wish didn't happen... It recently took away the ability to hear part of the song :( I really loved being able to do it specially if it's in another language you can get an idea of how the song is and if you want to hear more, or sometimes I forget the song name and want to hear it to remember but can't :( I hope this feature will come back!!!",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1035,Ailin Jibi,"December 11, 2022","I personally think Spotify is a good app. I am not a premium user so I guess that's the lag. I mean, songs always depend on mood; which always varies. So I don't get that freedom when I use the free version. Overall, I love the app and their time-to-time wraps and playlists.",0,4,spotify
1036,Jeffery Gilliam,"December 27, 2022","The function to pick genre from ""Liked"" does NOT work for a lot android phones. After spending hundreds of hours picking songs there is No Way to listen to your music by genre. When in vehicle (2023 vehicle) the album info is never correct. So for every song there is a wrong album cover displayed, and this was the same with my 2019 vehicle. The ability to listen to music is nice, but all the functions are mediocre compared to 2 years ago. Spotify user since 2015. Incorrect user help for this.",0,2,spotify
1037,Ami P,"January 10, 2023","It's something to listen music on... Cannot set which songs to never play again (or the option is there, but it's always overriden). It randomly stops playing as well, or randomly freezes. Adiobooks playing is poor. It skips some minutes in chapters, skips some chapters all together. Can't listen to books you paid for, offline either. Really ruined the experience...",17 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1038,Birb101,"December 12, 2022","The amount of times Spotify changes things just to reimplment them is astonishing. I don't like how many things get changed and then other features break because of it. The queue is broken, sometimes the ability to scroll alphabetically in liked songs just randomly disappears and the U.I. is really buggy and laggy. Please fix your app Spotify. Otherwise i can't recommend.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1039,KiingToonz,"January 14, 2023","I'm writing a review because the app has been acting strange and can't seem to fix it. I uninstalled the app because it wasn't playing music when I reinstalled it just got worse because Spotify wouldn't let me log back in! My email and password were correct. I had to make a new account. when I did the problem wasn't solved because now when I play music it does this weird thing where it stops at 10 seconds and doesn't play. Not only that, but it keeps saying no internet when my wifi is fine. Help",16 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1040,Cyn Vera,"December 15, 2022","I have been a premium memeber for years,but after the new update everything has been faulty. I start a song it plays fully but then freezes when the song ends. The dot that controls the placement of the song becomes a square. After closing, restaring, Uninstalling and reinstalling the playlist won't play by just hitting the play button. You have to find the song you wanna play and hit shuffle to just have it play music. I work overnight, and God forbid I wanna change the playlist it's a problem.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1041,Stevie White,"January 30, 2023",The quality of Spotify is deteriorating like many others have already reported. I'll just list some examples: Playlists bug out frequently and get stuck in weird 3-4 song loops. The settings do not persist between clients on Windows and Android. There are strange static hiccups on the latest version of Android for the galaxy s21. Also car thing is an annoyingly minimalistic ui that obfuscates too many features to make it useful for car listening. Spotify isn't what it used to be 😔,3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1042,Fred Kaufhold,"January 26, 2023","They said it has everything... it doesn't have half of my youtube playlists, or it makes it just hard to find and why don't you list all the song of an artist instead of me having to fo through single albums... I don't want to see popular songs i want to listen to MY favorite songs. If you change that you will be the best music app.",10 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1043,Gavino,"December 17, 2022",Spotify is pretty great for the UI and having plenty of options and settings. However the recommendations are absolutely awful. I swear I've been telling Spotify for YEARS now that I don't like these songs but I'm still getting the same suggestions. Finding new music through Spotify is nearly impossible or it just takes to long to sift through all the years old recommendations again. Also the app is super slow when service is bad. Fix this. Makes 0 sense when I have all my music downloaded.,2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1044,Amy Slays,"December 18, 2022",I had to change my rating because this app has been terrible lately. It cuts out on my ear buds after 6 minutes on a podcast I listen to. I tried another episode but it does the same thing. It does play in my car but i use an aux cord and maybe it's a Bluetooth issue but it isn't even playing when I turn my ear buds off. I pay premium for my app to not work properly and that's definitely not worth my money. Do better spotify.,0,3,spotify
1045,Jimmy Wilkinson,"February 2, 2023","Could be a lot more user-friendly in a few ways, but one in particular comes to mind; there should be a more defined interface between music that is playing currently while adding music to playlists. Idk about anyone else, but I quite frequently get frustrated because accidentally selecting a song erases the entire play queue I have lined up. Ex. Apple Music asks if you'd like to keep or clear the queue when you select a song.",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1046,Khoa Do,"January 26, 2023","The latest update has been buggy. Music would stop randomly between songs. The playback bar would sometimes disappear from the bottom of the app and from the pulldown menu of your phone while music is still playing, preventing you from stopping the music until you restart the app. Hopefully this can be fixed soon",7 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1047,Osaigbovo Omere,"February 16, 2023","Good music streaming, but more features can be added though, it would awesome if one were able to select song in different albums and playlists to play in a queue or make a new playlist, and on the issue of queues it would be great if we could get a better queue like the one available on offline music apps (especially one like musicolet) :)",0,5,spotify
1048,Summer Nash,"December 14, 2022","I have loved Spotify for years but this recent update is horrible. The app freezes, won't go to the next song in a playlist, have to select a song to play instead of being able to hit the play button. I have to constantly restart the app. I hope this gets fixed because I have Spotify playing most of the day",0,3,spotify
1049,Robledo Amoroso,"January 12, 2023",Great app for listening to music and many features. Podcast reminders. Ensure to update your app. One thing I would like to see is the feature to down sounds to my phone or be able to make one a ring tone while in the app. Would make this so complete. Rather be able to do it while in the app for storage reasons.,0,5,spotify
1050,Barbara Perry,"December 12, 2022","Alas, here we are in December 2022 and my ""now playing"" bar keeps disappearing on my android phone. I pay for Premium and am so tired of having to force stop, uninstall and reinstall because this app stops playing after about 3 songs. How does this get fixed? Constant stop and start since the last update. Like someone else said, it's like listening to a scratched CD. Again, new update in November. Same problem.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1051,Brad Beauchamp,"December 17, 2022","It's great to be able to listen to all my favorite podcasts! However my only issue is when I play podcasts they don't ""play in order"" for example I listen to Rslash. I sort by unplayed, and if I click on the first one that pops up it plays only that one and ignores how I've sorted the episodes and plays whatever it wants. In some cases it will only play one episode and the switch to a whole other podcast which can be jarring lol. Thats Either a user error or an actual bug lol.",7 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1052,Justin,"December 10, 2022","With the latest update I keep having issues with playlists playing one song and just stops playing, with minimized controlled also gone when I return to the app when it still says playing. I quit the app and go back but it'll play only play one song and that's it. Skip doesn't even work. Solution is to go to a different playlist, play that and come back to the playlist I was on, but very annoying nonetheless.",16 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1053,Emily Pyers,"December 8, 2022",Given the cost and fact that they barely pay the artists they could probably afford to pay a developer to do some work on including basic functionality. But nope. Still can't select multiple songs in a playlist to remove them or add them elsewhere. Can't even do it i the desktop version. Might be time to find a new streaming platform,4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1054,MasterOnion North,"December 7, 2022","The app is extremely user friendly and looks great but there is a huge issue though tryng to play songs offline. Despite proper settings, I can't do this. All my songs in playlists are all greyed out. I can only play songs while connected to the internet. Been unable to resolve this problem. Very frustrating.",21 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1055,Bay Jonez,"February 5, 2023",Your newest update screwed me. I just had a personalized song made for my anniversary and I put it into my playlist songs but the newest update took it out. It's incredibly disheartening. I loved the feature allowing the songs from our local files to be added into a favorite playlist but now it won't. It's just disappointing.,0,1,spotify
1056,Moth Bonez,"December 16, 2022","The new update is SO ANNOYING. The smart shuffle is god awful, I don't want songs in my playlist that I didn't put there, and I can't just shuffle a playlist anymore it always starts from the first song. Songs also frequently stop playing. Sometimes, after a song ends, the whole app will just stop working and I have to close and reopen it. Also, even when my smart shuffle or ""enhanced playlist"" isn't on, songs still show up in my playlists that I've never listened to before.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1057,Tonya İkinci,"February 19, 2023",I've been using this app for a long time but suddenly it stops working. It takes minutes to open and when it does nothing loads. After a few minutes I can see the songs and the playlists but everything is grayed out and I can't play anything. No matter what I did it's still not fixed. I need urgent answers!!!,0,1,spotify
1058,Ryan Pratt (rpdids),"January 9, 2023","Not sure what's happened, but Devices is basically broken across it's platform. It has a lot of trouble syncing what is playing on which device. Also at times it is infinitely ""connecting"" to specified devices. For example, on a Google smart speaker, the speaker will make a noise that it's had something connect to it, but Spotify doesn't seem to recognize it's connected. Same with a Sonos speaker, which using Sonos's app I was able to get playing audio concurrently with the same account",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1059,Michael Paul,"December 18, 2022",It's really cool how you can download songs only only to have to re-download them every week. Oh and you need data service to access your downloads. Great features. Just ended my subscription after researching this issue and discovering it is a well known issue that they continue investigate while continuing to charge your credit card,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1060,Why Bi,"January 26, 2023","this app never works and always, and I mean ALWAYS lags. constantly skips and pauses songs. deletes downloaded songs all the time. searching for a song? good luck because it just doesn't work. i cant even access settings before it kicks me from the app. the year wrap isn't worth it. would not recommend, definitely moving to Apple music once I get my new phone.",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1061,Potatoes Gacha,"December 11, 2022","I am mad, I want to play a song, I click, it gives me a preview then goes back to the song I was listening to, I press the play button for the playlist, it shuffles it and doesn't let me pick the song I want to listen to. this is very annoying, and it worked fine on my other account from before, but now that I've logged into a different one, it gives me random songs.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1062,Harley Locklear,"February 10, 2023","Good over all. Would rather it not keep so much data on the phone. Also in the queue menu, should be able to press the back button to go to the previous track. Accidentally pressed next a few times and had to go back, search for the previous track, add it back to queue etc.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1063,Fiona Gazzard,"January 12, 2023","I used to love this app but it's just stopped working at all now. It started with not playing certain songs, now it only plays a certain number before it stops and won't play any further. I have to go to the start of the playlist to get it to play anything at all. So now I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it won't let me log back in, saying there's an error. It works fine on the PC but that's no good to me when I'm out and about. Very disappointed. Sort it out Spotify!!",0,2,spotify
1064,Cristian Rampazzo,"December 15, 2022","Uses to love it. New update screwed it up a lot. When reopening the app it only plays the last song it was playing, then it gets stuck. Especially when connected to my car (android auto). Also screen overlay is gone. When phone is in lockscreen mode I can't play/pause/skip songs, the mini app controls don't even show. Please fix!!",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1065,phantomcyrano,"December 21, 2022","I've loved Spotify but it's baffling to me how every update they make seems to make the app LESS user friendly. When they removed the daily mixes from the home page, that was a swing and miss. When they first reworked the home page to have a bunch of unnecessary recommendations instead of access to recently played options (which they later reverted) that was a fail. And now they've removed the ability to move episode to episode on podcasts from the toolbar in exchange for playback speed? WHY??",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1066,Veronika,"December 14, 2022","Great music listening app! I just had one problem, I don't know if it's because of the phone I use. I use a Xiaomi Poco X3 Pro and sometimes it won't let me press my music or switch songs. One time I was listening to a song and it was 8 minutes in even though the song ends in 3 minutes. I'm reinstalling the app right now to see if anything changes.",11 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1067,Matthew Glass,"January 29, 2023","Spotify is a great app for audio streaming! I've had Spotify before and had free trials, but I really started to pay for Premuim in May 2022. I paid one time for a 3-month deal they were having. After using Spotify to it's fullest, I knew I had to keep it. Since then, I've loved this app and I use it almost every day. The price is good, easy to make playlists, genre fitlers, and premade playlists for different moods. Along with lots of podcasts and ebooks. Definitely worth the money!",14 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1068,Ranjeet,"February 6, 2023","Really liked the app,, the only negetives are that the song library has fewer songs and some major songs missing (the old songs pre 2000s) also the song radio can have more tracks in it,, plus genre search is missing. Spotify says it has over 5000 genre but it's hard to dive into those as there is no search options available.",0,4,spotify
1069,FreddyGirl628,"January 23, 2023","This new update is trash.. Changed fhe entire layout for no reason at all, I liked it better before. At least add a button to keep it how it was before. The layout is awkward and unnecessary. The song title and creator are at the top now for some reason? The like button is on the left and the settings tab is on the right instead of the top, this whole change was useless and unnecessary. Change it back.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1070,wσlf ѕpαrk,"January 8, 2023","(Edit hd been fixed, preview option)The newest update is horrible, going into a Playlist you can no longer preview songs, it's bland all grey no color whatsoever, the only option available is to remove songs. You can't add songs from one Playlist to another. The is one bug where when listening to a Playlist it stops and when you try to play it again it doesn't work.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1071,Gratian Niculae,"January 28, 2023","It's ok but has some annoying things. For example when listening from an album or playlist with shuffle off spotify it 'mix' list of songs from queue; i have a payed account, not a free one, so it is not from that. It is hard for me to keep evidence of what song i listened and what not... Please fix and let the list that i first seen if when i opened album or playlist, eventualy show a 'mark' on the current song. Thanks,",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1072,Lilia Birch,"January 1, 2023","I had spotify on speaker with my weight lifting group, and i had two 30 second ads about tampons! I never use that nor have ever searched it up. It was incredibly embarrasing. And i never even got that ad again. I'm dissapointed. There's over 2 minutes of ads, and they don't do the ""30 minutes free of ads"" all the time either. This is just as bad as YouTube now.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1073,Robert LaBella,"February 7, 2023","If you don't know what Spotify is, you've been living under a rock All music no matter what your into, type the band or song and download and yours to keep. I like all kinds of music so I have 13 Playlist. Best app ever, hooks up to my blue tooth in my car as well. Haven't listened to radio in 2 years",0,5,spotify
1074,SRIKSK,"February 15, 2023","The like (love) button from media notification banner has to go. It is really annoying as it is prone to accidental touch. I am losing my liked songs as it is right under thumb. Have a look at jio saavn's implementation to put it on the opposite side(hard to touch accidently). Dumb UI design where every phone has always on display. Atleast a warning before removing from liked songs has to be there. It is becoming a Deal Breaker now. Seriously considering to moving out, if this not fixed.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1075,Ed Crutch,"December 30, 2022","Hello, I don't know what happened but since I made your latest update on my phone the bluetooth connection keeps on skipping and it's just impossible to listen to anything while staying sane. It doesn't happen with other audio apps, only spotify. I never had a problem until last update... I have a samsung galaxy s8 with android 9. Have a happy new year!",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1076,Birdlady98,"December 13, 2022","I love using this app for podcasts and music, and have had a premium account for years. However, I'm not sure if there was a new update, or what happened but I've been having some serious issues with the app playing songs or podcasts. Lately it's been an almost 50/50 chance if it'll even play! I hope the issue is resolved soon, then it'll be up to 4.5-5.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1077,Aidan,"December 18, 2022","Integration with my car's Bluetooth has gotten really bad after the most recent updates. Downloaded songs cut off mid-playback, playlists start from the beginning every time I reconnect to the vehicle, and shuffle plays the same handful of songs over and over, despite most of my playlists having many hundreds of songs in them. It's almost like the engineers behind YouTube Music have all come to work for Spotify recently, because the experience has become THAT bad.",71 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1078,Gabriel Siegel,"December 15, 2022","It was good for a couple of months but it has gone downhill. I can't even play the songs I want to hear at that given moment! I try to play light em up and then it puts me on some random rapper song. At this point I'll just go to YouTube music, get your game up Spotify if you want your customers to be satisfied fix the damn shuffle button or put in setting or something!!",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1079,David Hanevold,"January 12, 2023",My absolute favorite music streaming platform and I'll never consider using any other platform for music. I love the over all layout and how it's set up. And the recent feature of having lyrics to almost all the songs underneath the song as its playing is super awesome. 10/10 would recommend this app and already have turned countless friends and family members on to Spotify. A HUGE thanks to whoever designed and invented this app.,5 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1080,Adriaan van den Berg,"January 18, 2023","Every single update manage to change something for the worse or break something, this time is nothing serious like crashes or outright breaking, but as always bad changes, before was how playlist works, the like system, recent system, your library UI, etc. Now they changed where the song and artist is displayed which is a small change... In theory... Because after years of expecting it to be in the lower middle now I have to readjust how I use the app... Why???",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1081,Jacob Pompe,"December 16, 2022","I love the app and functionality, just there are the odd bugs. - I'm not fond of how Spotify struggles to dynamically switch from being online to offline. You've already downloaded the songs, why is it so hard to load my playlists, and play music when switched to offline due to signal dropping? - Sometimes songs will play, but then not play the next song.",25 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1082,Cesar Hurtado,"January 26, 2023",Love the content but using the app with Bixby on a Samsung phone has gotten slower and right out to the point where the app crashes. More issues have popped up since the the last update. Honestly at this point the machine is so big they don't care about their app interaction with other OS. Update it's crashing has become more frequent over time. App doesn't connect to the internet I've tried remedy after remedy at this point its not the phone but the software.,51 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1083,Rachel Feuerbach,"January 14, 2023","The app is usually very good, but today (Jan 13) it has started to stop playing when I switch to another app. I've always been able to read my Kindle or websites while listening to Spotify, and now it refuses to do so. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app, and made sure that the setting for allowing Spotify to play in the background when other apps are being used is toggled on. So this is really aggravating, what am I supposed to do??",0,3,spotify
1084,Allisha Brandenburg,"December 10, 2022","I absolutely love Spotify. My only comiplaint is that when the Playlist is done and the app starts playing suggested songs, it plays many of the same ones I just heard. I'd prefer to hear actual suggestions related to the liked songs that's how I find new music. I do love making Playlists, great selection of music, I like the daily Playlist based on my listening. Overall I really like the app. I pay for subscription so there are no ads I love it!",17 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1085,Sohaila Rajabi,"February 9, 2023","The app is ok. Kind of buggy with every android update but it's never a huge deal. The most annoying part is the ADS WITH PREMIUM. Absolutely unacceptable to shove ads in my face when I'm already paying for premium. Get it together, Spotify. This is really making me consider leaving the platform altogether.",0,2,spotify
1086,Ephraim Gbordzor,"February 15, 2023","First time using Spotify. Used the free version for like 10 minutes and immediately decided on the premium version! It's opened a new world of music and podcasts for me! Can't put the phone down. I've downloaded like a thousand tracks for offline play, and I'm simply loving it!!",0,5,spotify
1087,itsthatoneperson dotcom,"December 9, 2022","Decent app. My only problems with it are how often it plays ads- we get it! 'jOiN sPoTiFy PrEmIuM'- and the fact that the app will just decide whenever it likes to just not continue with my playlist. I'll go onto the app again and my recent song or whats up next bar isnt there at the bottom of my screen, meaning I have to start the entire playlist from the beginning. Also this new update makes your playlists look horrendous",0,3,spotify
1088,Ev_jk,"December 22, 2022",I've never really had any problems with Spotify. That is until the new update came out. Now I can't preview the songs I have in my playlists! What even was the reasoning behind taking that feature away??? I can't just play my playlist to hear a specific song because that's only for people who pay for Spotify prime! I have to shuffle it and wait until I hear the song I wanted and THEN remove it from my playlist which THEN uses one of my skips! Huge mistake removing the feature for sure,0,2,spotify
1089,Cameron Hines,"January 28, 2023","Love it, my friends are always recommending different music apps, but I'm loyal to this. When it started changing, that's when I started rethinking my loyalty. I don't like how you can't loop songs, you can't choose a song to play when you open up your playlist, and after making those apart of the premium plan you make it so there's more adds. Divinely not happy☹",315 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1090,Dmitriy K,"December 19, 2022",Used to love it. Requires internet connection every time you turn it on. I pay for premium and download music. But if I didn't turn it on while having a good internet connection for a good amount of time it will not work seamlessly. Hate that so much. So if you turn to turn it on in a place with spotty service you won't be able to listen to the downloads you preemptively downloaded.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1091,Ashley-Ann Cooper,"December 19, 2022","Bring back the feature where, when I select podcasts in my library, each show is listed in order of most recently updated and has a subtitle saying when it was updated. Knowing if an episode came out today or yesterday is useful information, most podcasts drop different types of episodes on different days. Please stop removing useful features for no apparent reason. Still buggy, every time they patch something, something else starts acting weird. Again having premium makes no difference.",21 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1092,Mikey,"January 4, 2023","The playlists are good, and the adds are not too bad, however I have noticed some things to avoid. When setting up the sleep timer, it likes to play double the adds than normal because it thinks your asleep so it plays soo many adds while on the timer to earn more money than normal. Also sometimes when I click on a playlist it will send me to a completely different playlist for no reason. I am contemplating getting the paid version, but I'm not sure how often I would use it with all the bugs.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1093,Sarah Sinclair,"December 11, 2022","Since the update, I have to force stop the app to get it to play for 2 or 3 songs, and then it happens again. Song just stops playing, and have to repeat the process. I noticed that several others have had the same problem. What is up Spotify? I am also a Premium user because I hated the commercials every 2 songs.",19 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1094,Dana Rayman,"January 7, 2023","Favourite source for music and podcasts. Love the convenience of accessing my music and podcasts anywhere on any device. If I think of how much I used to spend on CDs vs. how much it costs for access to every artist, album, and educational or community podcasts the Spotify cost is worth it. I also like the build a playlist with a friend feature.",7 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1095,Torrance Sullivan,"December 14, 2022","I love Spotify & pay for premium but it is extremely glitchy presently, pressing play on playlists doesn't work, can't seem to connect to other devices natively, for example I have to ask my Google speaker to play a playlist rather than push a button from Spotify to connect. My speaker will do it immediately, where Spotify never seems to figure it out. Please fix the kinks!",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1096,Eve Fisher,"December 3, 2022","Some aspects of the newest update are really messing with me because of the fact that its so hard to remove specific songs from a playlist. Dont get me wrong i love spotify and im constantly using it but, that dosent mean things cant be improve. My advice would be instead of the ""hidden"" button that you see when on the screen of you actualy listening to music you could use a ""remove from playlist"" button and i belive it would make it so much better! That is the reason i gave 3 stars. Thank you!",0,3,spotify
1097,Jael J,"December 14, 2022","I use spotify for all my music, however it Is incredibly glitchy when you don't have cell service or wifi. The songs are downloaded to your phone so why does the app continuously crash and have issues loading songs on the app? I spend a lot of time out of cell service so getting frustrated. As well, it will play 4 songs on repeat and not play other songs. Whether shuffle is on or not. Have to manually click a different song to fix it. This is my main music app but ready to drop my subscription.",8 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1098,Bruce M,"December 21, 2022","In the work I do, I am often away from the device which I use for playing Spotify... I start by playing my preferred music but many times, the app veers of to play music it chooses on my behalf. A lot of this includes track I would never choose myself and some I really don't like. The amount of non original tracks is also a regular occurance. This said, all in all Spotify is a great way to listen to music!",7 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1099,Hailey Aldridge,"December 12, 2022","Ever since the new update, it's been bugging out like crazy! It plays maybe 4 songs then suddenly stops. I have to choose a whole new playlist for it to play again, or close the app completely. My teachers at school can't even get theirs to work at all on their laptops! It was amazing before. Spotify please fix this!",0,2,spotify
1100,Аміна Піддубна,"January 11, 2023","Good app. I really appreciate an abbillity to listen to music and podcasts in one place, I also like the lists you made personaly for me every week. But I`d like to have an options to delete some songs from lists, Spotify made for me, or ""block"" some songers for myself. Its because i don`t want to listen to any content from russia any more and some times it is really tiring just skiping it again and again. Thanks.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1101,Cassandra Howes,"December 13, 2022","I used to love Spotify, but ever since they upgraded the program and tweaked it, it's messing up now and when I try to skip songs, it freezes and I have to exit the app and go back in each time. I've Uninstalled and re-installed the app a few times now as well, and it makes no difference.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1102,Tori Kinsey,"January 7, 2023","It's great but I only have one problem, I've got premium and I'm trying to get a shortcut to my playlists onto my home screen but the process is a pain in the a**. Seriously, I just want 2 on my home screen and have been waiting for them to pop up on the thing so I can add them for like 2 months. I searched it up to see if there was another way and there isn't. I don't know why they took it out of the options for playlists to add to the home, it was better before it was changed.",0,3,spotify
1103,Atmadeep Mishra,"February 18, 2023","The recommendation algorithm is all I needed from this near perfect music streaming service. It's very expensive but really worth it. One star deducted because of The canvas feature which doesn't work in India, I have no idea why and seems like spotify don't wanna bring it here. Also no news about spotify lossless too. Edit 1: Canvas is finally here, woohoo! Next stop, Spotify lossless. Edit2: Superb range of podcasts and audiobooks.",25 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1104,Travis Smith,"December 10, 2022",Having same issues as some others recently after latest Android update. My playlists seem to be locking up when I first get in my vehicle. Shuffle doesn't work and it's just locking after a song plays. I need to close app and go into a new playlist and then it works fine. Not sure what happened as never had issues the past couple years but something goofy is going on recently. It's irritating that either spotify or android updates always seem to cause more issues than fix anything.,2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1105,Allison T (Jademoon29),"January 6, 2023","This last update killed opening spotify automatically when pressing the media key on a bluetooth device. I thought it was Sound Assistant, but Spotify Connect setting is enabled. Also, when manually pressing play, it jumps to the first song on the playlist instead of starting where the paused song left off. I pay for this service, why is it so broken?!",0,2,spotify
1106,Ana Maria,"January 12, 2023","I gave it 3 stars because the new update sucks. You can't see the album cover of songs anymore when viewing them in your own playlists and you don't have the same commands anymore. And also you can't preview a portion of the songs anymore when in your playlist like before.I think this update is only for users who don't have premium. Overall the app is nice, but yall need to change this.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1107,David,"December 12, 2022","I'm having the same issue as described by another reviewer here ""I Start playing music and the first track works fine (most of the time) then the next track makes the app freeze and stop playing music. Ok so you're probably thinking, he doesn't have a good mobile network signal, that's what I thought so I downloaded the music to play offline, same issue. These issues started about 5 days ago and nothing I've tried has fixed it.""..... Will be cancelling waste of money",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1108,Tim kramer,"January 16, 2023","Galaxy phone and Galaxy tablet using Google home for speakers. I hit ""next"" for next song. Spotify skips several songs and won't allow me to go back. Now it's stopping songs 9 seconds in as well. This happens after listening for an hour or so. Can someone help? I already cleared the cache and data. I also uninstalled then reinstalled the app.",14 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1109,redacted,"December 29, 2022","For months now the genre/mood filter for my liked songs won't scroll to the right. I can only see a few genres, and a couple more if I switch to landscape. There's more genres, I just can't scroll to them at all. This is widely documented and available online in multiple bug reports, but Spotify haven't prioritized fixing it.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1110,Raccoon R3D,"February 10, 2023","Great app! However Spotify likes to stop playing my music randomly I'm at the gym or doing something and the music just stops and then it resets the song to the beginning, its espically annoying when your in the middle of somthing, and the app keeps saying to allow background activity even when it's on.",0,3,spotify
1111,Joshua H,"December 9, 2022","Latest update has ruined the app. It is so buggy now. Songs stop playing. Hitting play in playlist doesn't play the song, but it shows it playing. Skipping songs doesn't do anything. Playslists also only show 5 songs and then the discography. If I made an artist playlist, it should show all songs available for shuffle, not just a few songs to shuffle through, I want to listen to all songs, not individual albums.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1112,Nora B,"December 14, 2022","Latest updates need fixes? Having issues after recent updates. ""Spotify is trying to play"". Sometimes get interrupted with phone calls and when I try to restart Spotify I can't find the option to Play. Or it shows Spotify as playing, but no sound or connection and unable to fix. Even restart app or my phone and unable to play. Hoping these issues get fixed sooner than later.",0,2,spotify
1113,SH0CK,"January 22, 2023","Everything was fine before, now, for a month when I listen to an album sometimes it goes into a loop of four songs that keep repeat. Please fix, I pay for this app 120 € per year, similar bugs are not acceptable. Not fixed yet. 19/07/2022: It was partially fixed, still happen with playlists and browse play. 22/01/2023: Still partially fixed, it happens less times, but happens.",88 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1114,Connor Spears,"December 18, 2022","Spotify is pretty garbage outside of console. Songs shouldn't be locked, skips shouldn't be limited, shouldn't be minute long ads. It's just not worth using outside of console unless you plan on paying $10 a month to listen to ""premium"" music you can listen to for free on other platforms without the added strings. Overall, on its own without premium or console, don't waste your time. If you got a console then it's 3.5/4 out of 5 but there's still better options.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1115,Madelyn Niksa,"December 9, 2022","Lately it's been deleting my queue if my music is paused for a long period of time or if the app is closed. If I hit play it plays the rest of the song I was listening to and then just stops. Also, a lot of times daily mixes seem to refresh at random intervals. It's really starting to bug me.",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1116,mika J,"January 21, 2023","I love using Spotify but idk what bug is happening that whenever I use it, even with shuffle disabled and NO enhance clicked, it will kick me to a different song not on my playlist. Or it will shuffle regardless if disabled. I really don't like the enhance feature to begin with, it seems pointless to have an extra button if you have it where it can play other similar songs after the playlist ends.",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1117,Georgia Collins,"January 22, 2023","Was a great app but has recently started crashing a lot, particularly when I open another app but even when I stay on Spotify. Then the song restarts all over again when I get back into the app or even goes to a different song. This happens several times a day and sometimes Spotify freezes when it crashes while I'm still on the app so it takes longer to deal with",15 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1118,Jas,"January 27, 2023","one of the best streaming apps I've ever used. even as a free user, I can play music while my device is off, and spotify does an amazing job at finding new music recommendations for me! Edit: the new update has made it a lot harder to edit and even view playlists I have made. if this is seen, please change the playlist editing style to how it was! Edit 2: thank you for changing the playlist format back!!",435 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1119,Javier NC,"January 30, 2023","Everything is great except... - The controls in the blocked screen don't really need a progress bar. I have never used it except by mistake. When I try unlock my phone while swiping up, sometimes I unintentionally grab the progress bar of the song I'm listening to, and swiping up makes it go all the way to the end, finishing the song and starting the next one... My guess is most people who unlock their phone by swiping up with the right thumb have experienced this annoyance. Please fix!!",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1120,Lila Lockhart,"January 30, 2023","It constantly plays songs that aren't in the playlist, even if the playlist hasn't finished yet, and it'll give you ads that say you'll get 30 minutes of uninterrupted listening or whatever but then right after that you'll get like two more ads. For some reason it also doesn't let you know all of the songs in an album.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1121,Monsoon Sheep,"December 11, 2022","It's alright. I have a slightly older device and UI animations in this slow down the experience a bit, and they can't be disabled. I really wish Spotify had a feature to turn off location-based suggestions and recommendations, and to let you choose your location. After you have premium, your locations is locked in based on your payment method. All I need is for the local garbage recommendations to go away. Everything else works great.",83 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1122,Kathy Sylvestre,"January 22, 2023","Update: it's still not working offline all the time. Sometimes it works other times it doesn't. Update: it's been acting dumb lately. The other day I literally had to uninstall the and reinstall it to have it working again. Last month, my downloaded songs wouldn't play cause I was ""offline"". What's the point of paying for premium if downloaded music can't play offline?",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1123,E11aRae,"January 26, 2023","I love this app so much; I listen to all my music and podcasts on here. But today any time I try to tap on something it'll say ""Something went wrong, have another go?"", and it refuses to play any music. I'm at 3 bars on internet, so don't even try to tell me that's what the issue is. Please fix this, I don't wanna be forced into using Amazon Music because it's nowhere near as good as Spotify. 😭",31 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1124,John Smith,"December 11, 2022","The new update completely borked playlists. Now everytime I'm trying to listen to my playlist in order (I dont like shuffle) it randomly starts to first song in the playlist instead of the next song in the list, and its driving me insane. Tried clearing cache, data reinstalling, still happens. [Old] Genius move removing car view. Lowkey promoting dangerous driving.",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1125,Jed “jed” Williamson,"December 21, 2022","I love spotify and the convenience it brings me with on the go streaming and downloaded music in dead spots for service however, there is a slight problem ive noticed. Often times when i listen to a playlist or even a song on repeat and then exit the app and re-enter later on, i get this weird thing i try to skip a song and it defaults to no tracks playing and wont allow me to skip or go back to a previous song and i then have to exit the playlist i was listening to, play another before resuming",0,4,spotify
1126,Lynzi Makes,"December 20, 2022","I really wish the shuffle feature wasn't absolutely terrible. It was great for years until recently. If I wanted to listen to the same ten songs, I would listen to the radio for free. It ruins my Spotify wrapped and my overall enjoyment of the platform and music. Thanks, Spotify.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1127,Jan Dekker,"January 28, 2023",Nice app for listening to podcasts. Today however after downloading several podcasts Spotify encountered an issue. A download began starting at the beginning again after getting to about 15%. It got locked in a download loop that used up an endless amount of data. It's not the first time this has happened either. It's a real pain.,3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1128,Mohammed Ys,"February 13, 2023","If you're going to buy a premium subscription. Then everything you need is there Downloading, large library, the best algorithm, if you don't want to subscribe for premium and would rather to use it for free you're going to have a hard time with ads and limited skips and you won't be able to play Playlist form the beginning instead you'll be forced into ""Shuffle mode"", overall really limited usage. The only thing I hate about spotify is the UI even spotify lite have better UI",71 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1129,Zabrina C,"December 12, 2022",Since the last update it has been making it hard to listen to music as it stops after one song or it won't play unless I have the app open. I can't skip songs without it not playing the next song and if the song endsyou have to go to the playlist and hit play. It's just very annoying and inconvenient.,3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1130,Gregory Witmer,"December 7, 2022","Constant ""Media output"" notification. ALL Spotify notifications are turned off (including playback). This would be fine if it only appeared while playing music, but it never goes away until you clear it. Then the next time you play music... it's back! Give us the notification option to turn this annoyance off!!",182 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1131,Cam B,"January 6, 2023",I honestly hate when companies in a way force you to pay to enjoy basic entertainment. I don't listen to music that often only when I'm going to work pointless to buy a subscription. I also love how it went from being able to choose what song you wanted to listen to on your playlist to you forced to listen to whatever comes up on it only six skips per day and after it's done with your music it starts playing other related songs. PLAY MY SONGS! Having to edit my playlist due to 6 skips.,4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1132,Lenora Churchill,"December 5, 2022","Overall good, but can get irritating. I've been using spotify for more than a few years now and honestly one of my favorite platforms. Has amazingly diverse amt of music and super easy to us My least favorite fts- 1) if you don't have premium, spotify pretty much sucks. There are so many ads, which I get, gotta make money. But you get a greater experience overall with premium 2) sometimes if you leave shuffle on and don't restart the shuffle, literally plays the same songs over and over",0,3,spotify
1133,Kwaku Odame,"February 4, 2023","First of all the premium is worth it, pay for it once I get the app. Must also say a lot of song are available on this app that's a plus. To the Spotify developers could u pls make the echo controls on the app seamless there's always this massive lag especially with increasing the volume or decreasing and switching between ur phones speakers to the echom could you pls fix that aside that everything is great I strongly recommend that everyone who sees this downloads the app.",0,4,spotify
1134,Lily Siandaza,"January 9, 2023","It was working fine for my free account in the first week or two but now it's like I've been restricted! I can't disable shuffle, I can only listen to snipets of songs, I can't even see full playlists anymore and I don't know how this happened, it just changed all the sudden, how useless, I guess I'll just have to go back to youtube for music now",0,1,spotify
1135,nideya morris,"January 20, 2023","Just made this review, has a habit of crashing when it needs to be updated And it will not play over some apps. Mine just stops and when I go into the app it's like it's been paused. Just stop making changes, they make it worse 01/13/2023 not playing any songs or loading any searches, uninstalled and reinstalled it and it won't let me log in. Fixes",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1136,Conor Brown,"December 18, 2022",I would recommend the premium subscription as there is so many advantages to using it such as the ability to make playlists download music and podcasts for offline and so much more. Spotify wrapped was amazing this year the first year I've seen the most played songs playlist created by Spotify. There are different premium prices perfect for every budget best music app I have used. I do not recommend the free version as it lacks features that in my opinion are very much needed in a music app.,16 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1137,Destiny Burkhart,"January 9, 2023",I love the app and all the different things you can listen to but without the premium the adds just get out of hand. They'll pop up every two songs at times and it gets ridiculous. And I think you should have more skips because sometimes you're in a certain mood but can't get to the song you want to listen to because you're out of skips.,5 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1138,Gonca Gengonul,"February 4, 2023","In android version of Spotify I am having difficulty to use it w other apps' vocal features. For instance, normally Spotify should pause playing when I press voicemail on other apps (or when I open a voice message), but it continues playing and this is very annoying for me; to stop Spotify app and then use the other one and play Spotify again.",0,3,spotify
1139,x x,"December 4, 2022","First time user and I was in love, the best part was the ability to listen to a suggested song before I added it to my Playlist. Out of no where it stopped working. I deleted the app, deleted the app's files, everything that was suggested and did it multiple times to no avail. So glad I did not give them any money.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1140,Brice Whelan,"February 24, 2023",Basically perfect only problem I have atm is if I could add a playlist to my likes or press an option to like every song in a playlist. Also a way to keep track of removed and disliked songs would be lovely since that happens accidentally sometimes and I lose songs I would have rather kept and since it was an accident like not paying attention when spotify is open in my pocket or hand I have no idea what song was lost only the knowledge that something is missing. It's been a year of me asking.,9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1141,Raven Star,"January 26, 2023","Trash this app is trash! It keeps acting like it's offline but not at the same time. It won't load artists fully it only shows what I downloaded, but at the SAME TIME its playing songs I DON'T have downloaded. I don't have the setting on. I made sure it's updated. I even tried going to support through the settings and it wouldn't open the link. FIX THIS TRASH APP THAT I'M PAYING FOR PLEASE!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1142,Vikki,"January 28, 2023","Okay so I've had Spotify for a while now and I enjoy it - for the most part. What I don't like or understand is that a couple of my favorite songs are locked. Why is the song on the app to begin with if EVERYONE can't listen to it? That's not right. If I'm paying for the app and the song is on the app, then I should be allowed to listen to ALL the songs I'm paying for!! And to add insult to injury this app CONSTANTLY crashes as well. I wish they would fix this!!",9 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1143,Andrea Dwyer,"January 1, 2023","I've been a Premium user since 2016 and the new Smart Shuffle feature is pushing me to cancel my subscription. Truly the most obnoxious and inane feature Spotify has ever added. There are a dozen ways to get new songs recommended to me, even mixed in with my old songs. Why ruin my listening experience with random songs when I try to switch from shuffle to regular play or re-shuffle in my own playlists? Switching off Smart Shuffle doesn't remove the songs it added from your queue, either. Awful.",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1144,Joanna Wideman,"December 17, 2022","They can't commit to a feature. They'll make something worthwhile and then change it. When I used to hide songs, it would hide it within every curated playlist on Spotify. Now, it only hides it within a single playlist. It makes it very tedious when I'm filtering through music looking for something new. There are definitely songs that I don't care to hear a second time but now that they've changed the hide feature yet again, songs I have hidden are showing up within other playlists.",43 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1145,Daniel,"January 5, 2023","Love spotify! However, Playlists viewable on the profile page should be increased from 200. That's where I select mine from and have more than I can view. It'd make it more streamlined having no limit. Also, the UK premium is charged higher than other countries, which is unfair for the UK market considering the strength of the pound. Occasional issues with playlists appearing on my page, unsure if that's due to country change. Allowing device stored audio to be added and played is huge!",3 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1146,Haru,"January 14, 2023","The app has a great design and works well at first, I think it has a lot of ads and the plans are a bit expensive, I have the plan and in general it's worth it because it's the cheapest, but I've been having problems to search for music, every time it says that I have no internet, and all other apps that need internet are working without any problem. I wish you could solve this problem.",12 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1147,Colleen “C.R.” Ramsey,"January 26, 2023","Used to love using app but after one of the updates every time I get in vehicle music automatically starts. My phone is always connected to Bluetooth so when it starts it can very extremely loud, overpower phone calls I'm on, distrupt anything I'm doing. So I'm done, it's bs that it auto starts and no option to turn off so I can start it when I want to listen not just because I turned my car on.",0,2,spotify
1148,Shiya Reianne DeWindt,"January 6, 2023","I've been using Spotify since it first came out. Now I could just be a loyal patron, but it is the absolute best music service out there, in my opinion. There are so many options for music, and the personalization is incredible, possibly my favorite part. I have converted two of my closest Apple-using friends and continue to rave about it always.",8 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1149,swevie evil,"January 24, 2023","This app drives me insane a lot of the time, sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't and here recently I decided to get premium and half the time instead of letting me listen too what I want. It says I have no internet connection even though I was just listening to a podcast, but then I hit shuffle play and it randomly starts working. The mobile version is an actual joke, but the computer version works perfectly fine. When it works it works great, other times it is absolutely exausting.",8 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1150,Austin K,"December 26, 2022","They wanted me to rate them. One star is my truthful review. Too expensive, low quality music selection in terms of the specific song, you may get a version but not the specific one. Many artists aren't on Spotify or their songs are frequently changed and left broken for months or even years The app is obviously maintained by incompetent programmers otherwise you wouldn't have to ""hide this song"" on the same song multiple times. I literally only use this app because YouTube sucks so badnow",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1151,Connor,"December 21, 2022","Having fairly frequent playback issues, not sure what's causing the issue and haven't been able to replicate on command but I've experienced music stopping after a track finishing, the playlist that the song stopped on will not play until I start a different playlist and go back to the first to restart it. Also why do I get ads on podcasts with premium? I assume it's because the ads are put in by the podcast owner but if they're already skipable (just by fast forwarding), why have them at all?",21 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1152,marinni,"December 18, 2022",Spotify is pretty good. it has a lot of ads and it can get annoying sometimes but also there was an update not too long ago where when you're editing your Playlist it no longer has the album/song cover next to the song title and it's just made the whole thing harder. they fixed something that didn't need to be fixed and imo it was so much better before,0,3,spotify
1153,Gavin Fox,"December 23, 2022",I have about and 1 hour and 20 minutes of song on my Playlist and since the update it keeps playing songs I've never heard of. it's always done it but back then it would just make me go back and re-play the play list and I never cared about that until now where I can't do anything about no matter how many times I skip the songs....ps. I am using the free subscription.,0,3,spotify
1154,Daniel Fuerst,"February 8, 2023","I've been paying for premium for a couple years now, and I stopped using premium recently. Now I can't even listen to my playlists, it's only playing a couple seconds of the songs, and it cut one of my playlists in half which is very frustrating considering I like Spotify, but how it is now is not ok.",0,2,spotify
1155,Jack Aspin,"December 30, 2022","All in all the app is great, but I have two issues atm. For some reason I can't access the apps new audiobook feature especially when trying to purchase audiobooks, my other issue is I can't swipe through my genres of music that I like and listen to, this isn't a massive problem but if spotify wants more 5 ⭐️ reviews I'd get these issues fixed ASAP.👌🏻",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1156,Alexandra Velásquez,"December 10, 2022","Too much adds. The music is good but I can't listen straight forward to the song I want to, I have to skip to the song I want or listen to the song I get because I only get 6 skips per hour and I dont think its fair that we need to buy premium so we can listen to our music peacefully. And I don't think im the only one that doesn't like that about spotify :(",0,2,spotify
1157,Ethan Lai W_X,"January 4, 2023","Best music streaming app. As a premium user, the functions are a lot more and it gives me advantage to choose the songs i like. It Includes charts, variety of genre eg pop, rnb, rap and more. It even analyses my fav songs and creates a playlists of songs that i might like. It even has numerous playlists that i can choose to hear on diff occasions like when doin hmw, playing games, relaxing and even bathing! Spotify even includes podcast!! The motion was smooth and the lyrics are well synced!! 😍",30 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1158,I got some peanuts c:,"December 10, 2022","I swear every update yall make, you make the app shittier and shittier. The shuffle play button doesn't work. If I pause the music, close the app, come back to the same playlist, hit play again or what was once the shuffle button, it either just doesn't play and closes the song tab, or it finishes the song I was previously listening to and then quits playing music altogether. It sucks, fix it. I should be allowed to reshuffle it like it used to.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1159,Your favorite idiot,"December 14, 2022","I have no idea if it's just me, but ever since the new update, my playlist has just stopped playing. I have to play a new playlist in order to listen to anything. But then the issue happens to that playlist too! Other than that, this app is my literal life- If this issue gets fixed, the app will be perfect once again!",0,4,spotify
1160,Ezrinix Zycin,"December 18, 2022",My first time using spotify was on my laptop but it didnt allow me to see playlists or albums or anything. I was not able to listen to music originally. I was forced to make another account only to find out i cant download music or listen to play lists in a set order but in a shuffled order. Even then i cant enjoy the songs i like 100%due to the fact spotify interrupts the playlists and albums with their suggested songs for you. After 2 or 3 songs from the playlist or album a random song plays.,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1161,Bruce Marshall,"January 27, 2023","Randomly disconnecting from phone when playing over Google home speakers. Hiding a song in release radar doesn't auto skip to the next track. When you skip manually, the app skips 2 songs ahead. Super dumb and annoying. Now when I open the app and go into release radar or disco weekly it defaults to the middle of the playlist and won't start over when it ends.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1162,Bee Bee,"December 22, 2022","Web Chrome cast is ruining this experience, it cuts off all my music after a few seconds and plays random music, I don't even listen to, you don't have your setting where I can delete these random devices, that it just keep adding randomly and when it actually works on the occasion, my music stops randomly. This is beginning to be extremely frustrating and thinking of changing platforms.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1163,Melanie Weekes,"December 11, 2022",As Amazon has stuffed up on their last update and now buggy and unusable I decided to use this instead.. much better. Using the free version so lots of adverts in between tracks and can only play in shuffle mode (hence one star removed) but ok with this as it's not buggy at all and happy with sound quality. Found more selection of tracks compared with Amazon too. Suggested artists/tracks/playlists are also fab. Glad I switched.,9 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1164,Primeval Spark,"January 20, 2023",I am very unsatisfied with the new UI for a song. It was fine the way it was for years. There was absolutely no need what so ever to touch it. Now it just looks more dated and tacky and im right handed so now i have to reach across my screen to like a song. And the share button should NOT be center. Its very annoying when companies take something that is perfectly fine and what users are used to and change it (for the worst) for no reason. Not everything needs it. If it isnt broken dont fix it.,4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1165,An-Tony-O,"December 12, 2022","You were a 5 star app with me until either an update or something. But now every time I re open my app and finish the song I was listening to last, the whole playlist just starts over from the first song. This is very agitating and annoying. It's not on shuffle or anything either. So no reason for the next song to be the first one after hearing a song that's in the middle of the playlist. Please fix and I'll go back to 5 stars with you guys.",0,3,spotify
1166,Holly Jude,"January 20, 2023","Ive been using spotify for a few years now and its always worked brilliantly but the last few months its become so bad. It will always say 'no internet connection' even when i do. It will take forever to load songs and playlists ive downloaded, sometimes they wont load at all! And ill often have to open and close the app several times before anything comes up. I tried deleting the app and redownloading it but the problems are still there. Please fix it!!!",28 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1167,Casey James,"December 15, 2022",Has been great up till most recent update. Now will not continue to play from where I left off if app is paused for even a short time or closed/reopened later. It also won't play at all if no reception even though I have playlists downloaded which is whole reason I pay for premium as I often have zero reception or go in/out of range while driving. App in general has also become very slow. Latest update has ruined the app.,2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1168,M P,"December 19, 2022","I click a Spotify link to a song, it opens the app, makes me sit thru an ad, and then plays an entriely different ""Recommended"" song. And I can't call up an album and select the song I want to play? Instead it picks random songs and I have to skip thru.....oh look....6 skips/hour limit. Who thought this up? I definitely don't want to pay for this service, seems hinky, I doubt paid is much better. Looking elsewhere.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1169,Marcia Liber,"February 10, 2023","Free ""watch this video for 30min of ad-free listening"" is complete bs. Watched it, ONE SONG LATER there were 3 ads. Update July 2021: the app takes a while to connect and often flips the entire list for a podcast so as you're scrolling for your episode you're suddenly going the wrong way. Update 2023: now used exclusively for podcasts but when you finish the latest episode of a podcast it jumps to the latest episode of another podcast you listen to. Not the next one in order for you, the latest.",9 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1170,adni1910,"January 4, 2023","Would give more stars if they enable searching in local folders and importing local folders, but I guess my review won't make a difference, because they don't make profit off users local files that's why when you search for a song, a mix or a folder, they only give cloud based results. You can enable playing of local files, bit everything is just thrown together. Plus they don't have a lot of dj mixes longer than 20 mins. When you search for mixes you usually get playlists.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1171,Sarah Kozubal,"February 6, 2023","love this app, can find many amazing songs, albums and much more. easily used to make playlists, the only app i use to listen to songs. what i hate though, is that spotify plays random songs that are not in my playlist for some reason, i even have autoplay off. can someone please give feedback with a reason why?",0,4,spotify
1172,Michelle Johnson,"December 12, 2022",I mean it's good and all but it would be better if you weren't limited to 6 song skips. And the fact you can go back a song nor repeat a song. It would be better if it was like that because every other device that uses Spotify can choose what song they listen to and skip it infinite amount of times without having to pay a dime but on mobile you gotta pay just to skip more that 6 times. That's all I dislike about Spotify.,0,3,spotify
1173,Tom DuMay,"December 4, 2022","Better than Amazon Music (Android user). My daughters have bugged me for years to switch from Amazon to Spotify so I decided to try it for myself and gave it a test drive. What I found was: 1) Sound quality is much better than the HD option I had added ON TOP OF my Amazon Unlimited membership, 2) The interface with my car was much easier and intuitive to use with the Android Auto, and again, sound quality was top notch, 3) The app interface itself is much easier to use and more intuitive.",22 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1174,Jacob Lisenby,"January 21, 2023","Updating just to move things around is nonsense. Moving the titles to the top of the page was one thing, but when I click the title of a song and it now just takes me to my liked songs instead of the album the song belongs to. That just makes no sense. Please don't make changes to an app just for the sake of making them.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1175,L. Rankin (LazyLadyPug),"January 23, 2023","I use Free. I *don't mind the ads*, however now it's 6 (or more) consecutive ads every 2-6 songs. ""watch this for 30min of ad-free"" is nice; it doesn't occur often. Sporadic, buggy changes to user interface… CANNOT PLAY ALBUMS without it shutting down midway, adding unaffiliated songs/artists, then outright refusing/""blocking"" album after 3-5 plays. Basically expect an unjust degree of punishment for not wanting or being UNABLE to pay for music streaming. Understandable, but still unpleasant. 😒",43 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1176,Tashlin Naidoo,"December 25, 2022",The app crashes so many times... It's so annoying. I'm using an s21 ultra too. Update: this app is so annoying. It keeps crashing over and over. Can someone tell me what to do to fix this issue. It's absolutely annoying. And it just crashed again while I'm typing this message (that's 6 times in 4 minutes),3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1177,Misty,"February 17, 2023","I use the free version, and it's not that great. I sometimes get 5 ads in a row before another song plays. I can't play a specific song on my list and the 6 skips aren't enough to get to the song I want. At that point I'll just stick with Pandora or YouTube.",0,2,spotify
1178,Christopher Clinton,"December 12, 2022","0 stars. The new app is super slow. It has gotten more and more cumbersome to use. Half the songs don't even play!...just silence. Bands are pushed on me I have no interest in, and more effort is put into gimicks than UX. Checking out Pandora again since I hear they have songs on demand now. Pocket casts blows Spotify out of the water for podcasts!",6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1179,Jack Jenkins,"January 18, 2023","The app regularly crashes, and slows to a crawl. Spotify support isn't actually equipped or knowledgeable to help with anything more than telling you how to find and access basic features tucked away in sub menus. On top of that, despite paying for premium, they have started slipping in pop up ads when you try to browse the app.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1180,A Lemon,"December 6, 2022","I enjoy this app very much! Though I hate mobile Spotify.. that B's you guys do with the skipping songs sucks because sometimes I just don't feel like I want to listen to a song and then you make me click skip and don't even let me replay a song or replay a certain part of the song. And it swears that 30 minutes ad free but I get an ad every 2 songs. Spotify on any other device, other than mobile phone, is soo much better. I also have little ways to bypass the ads, refuse to state. Love the app!",0,4,spotify
1181,Oscar Noyce,"January 20, 2023",This is the worst app I have ever used. All I want to do is listen to my music and they just add songs to my playlist without consent. Trying to figure out how to listen to the right song is harder than rocket science. My only options are to suffer through this bs or pay to listen to music. I'm never touching this app again,0,1,spotify
1182,Candy Man,"January 18, 2023","Been with Spotify for 10 years now and I cannot stand the new shuffle algorithm. I've got a playlist with all songs mixed (over 270h of music) and yet it plays the same songs every day or when it doesn't it chooses the same artists. I get that it wants to please the listener but it's become to selective. Make it more random... Random means random, not ""my most listened tracks/artists at the moment"".",10 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1183,Linol. mk,"February 18, 2023",The update is just horrible. You cant listen to whatever song you want. If you make playlist not only do you get 6 skips per hour but spotify adds extra songs to your playlist whether you like it or not. You also cant go back to a moment from a song. Before the update it was okay.,0,1,spotify
1184,Chesco Mendoza,"February 18, 2023","Ok, the recent updates are quite ok. There's no longer a forced shuffled playlist everytime you wanna hear. You can just tap the song then THERE!!!!, you have you're song. Though the ads are kinda abit pushy sometimes, but I don't really mind. As long as spotify give me the song I want, then this app is ok. 4 stars.",469 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1185,Rachel Frase,"December 14, 2022","With latest update, glitching in app with playback. After stopping it, it shows a playlist is still playing on the main page, but I am unable to access any playback controls for songs or playlists. I'm able to force it to play again using the desktop app, but I don't always have the desktop app available. Please fix!!",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1186,Leslee Henderson,"January 26, 2023",I've had great experience for years with Spotify until the most recent update. It stops randomly and often freezes afterward. I've tried clearing the cache and checking for updates. I'm about to cancel premium and uninstall. I'm very frustrated that I cannot listen to my premium music.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1187,mase,"January 11, 2023","please for the love of god let us turn off lyrics when we're listening. i cannot tell you the amount of times i have tried to swipe to the next song and the screen scrolls down to the lyrics instead. GIVE US THE OPTION OF TURNING OFF FEATURES LIKE THAT. this includes recommended songs at the bottom of playlists. we used to he able to at least collapse that, now we're forced to have them there. i scroll to the bottom for new songs i've added, this feature impedes my ease of listening. FIX this.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1188,Dragonbird Shawn,"December 10, 2022","The random option always cycles the same songs over and over, really annoying. It also randomly stops when it is connected to my car, only way to fix it is to play a different play list the. Back to the one I wanted. Pay too much for glitches. Hope these issues get resolved soon.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1189,Seth 51,"December 23, 2022","Bring back adding playlists to home screen!!! The ability to add playlists to your home screen to automatically shuffle and play your music was an amazing feature, and yall replaced with all the completely useless enhanced shuffle, its literally the same thing as enhancing your playlist and often happens on its own while shuffling. Experiment with new dumb features all you want but stop taking away the useful features we are all used to!!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1190,Gavin Bernal,"February 3, 2023","It's a good app but the whole premium thing is kinda dumb, like if you search a song but you have to skip to get to it. It only gives a certain amount of skips for a user without premium, plus whenever a playlist ends it plays random songs that you have to skip through just to repeat the playlist. Its ads about premium are also really annoying and it's pretty obvious they did that on purpose.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1191,Al Eadie,"February 18, 2023",Edit: still not working fullly despite Spotify team working on it Still poor performing....can't find my devices....aaaarrrgggghhhhh Disappointing. Sometimes I can't play local files on mobile. Just found I now can't stream to local speakers so i need to reinstall all instances on android and windows...argh!. Never had this issue with Google Music. Almost wish I hadn't moved,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1192,Diksha Patil,"February 5, 2023","I don't what's the problem,the app was constantly lagging for months (all my other apps working perfectly fine).And then now it showed 'no internet connection' since days even when I was connected (again all my apps working perfectly fine) so I reinstalled the app and I'm not able to log into my acc!! This was only app I used for music and honestly loved even though it lagged. And now I don't even have any other options bcuz all my playlists are in there! Plz solve the prob asap!",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1193,Eliegough,"December 14, 2022","Not a fan of the newest update. Keeps a song always on my phones pull down menu but only plays that one particular song. If I want to keep listing to my last Playlist, it won't. I have to open a different Playlist, pick a song on there then go back to the one I originally wanted to listen too. Very frustrating.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1194,Anwesha Kar,"February 19, 2023","Great presentation and overall appearance of the application. Recommendations got better. And over more thing needs to be done; to be able to customise the order of the songs in your personal playlist. And ads could be a bit less frequent. But, thank you!","2,128 people found this review helpful",4,spotify
1195,Nidhi Davey,"February 4, 2023",I used to love spotify but Suddenly my spotify has stopped working I can't see my liked songs or cant open any playlist..I'm not able to play any songs i hate it now it keeps showing something went wrong... there is an option called try again I keep clicking on it but nothing happens even though I have perfect Wi-Fi. Help me out I'm getting irritated now.,0,1,spotify
1196,Warren Cleaning and Hauling Tracy Warren,"February 6, 2023","There's no replacement. The algorithm has become so on point. Perfect In every way for an information and music addict. Always right on with new suggestions. Stop using bootleg music sources. Spotify is customized for the customer, affordable, keeps the customers up to date with all new releases, and completely makes the customer feel appreciated in a million different ways. And they make sure the artists you love are taken care of.... I'd throw 1000 stars if I could. And thanks to Spotify.",0,5,spotify
1197,Sophie Morris,"February 11, 2023","I LOVE this app! It is so much fun to use! There is many good songs on here and many different artists which is amazing. I totally recommend the payed version because I don't even experience any adds! At some points it can be a little annoying, but you should just exit out of the app and then go back in and it works fine!",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1198,Sil -ly goose,"January 11, 2023","I use this app a lot, it's very good, except for one issue I've had for the past month. When I try to play my Playlist it plays recommended songs instead. I've turned off the auto play or whatever but no matter what I do It always plays songs I don't like, and haven't added to my playlists nor liked.",0,3,spotify
1199,Aniket gupta,"February 19, 2023","The Spotify app is great for discovering new music and exploring different genres. However, it's frustrating that I can't easily see the number of songs in a playlist, especially when planning music for parties or events. I would love to see this feature added in the future.",0,4,spotify
1200,Mohamed Hegazy (Mohie),"February 19, 2023","Spotify forces automatically playing tracks that have nothing to do with my listening history, even in the middle of my own play lists. I disabled all settings that can have to do with autoplay, and still same thing is always happening. It is too annoying that I just decide to listen somewhere else",0,1,spotify
1201,Jimmy Chappell,"December 30, 2022",Always making some dumb annoying change. They took away being able to preview songs for like a year and then you couldn't open albums to see what songs it has (which I still can't do) Now they're adding recommended songs to playlists that I made with no way to turn it off. Plus an insane amount of ads after every song or 2.,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1202,Nancy Dowling,"January 31, 2023","My son is the tech savvy one who hooked me up with this app. I am grateful to him for doing it, because I rely on music in many aspects of my life. Music is a great tool to use for relaxation, inspiration, and concentration. I love the great variety of song and playlist suggestions. I can access interesting podcasts for background banter or information. Overall I think this is a top-notch product.",10 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1203,Alm Stewart,"January 14, 2023","Spotify just outright doesn't work. When i opened the app the song in my playlist wouldn't start, so I skipped to the next; it played for 10 seconds before it also stopped. I switch playlists: that also didn't do anything. I uninstall and reinstall this app: now I can't even log into my account. This app used to be great... Not anymore.",19 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1204,Kent Allen,"January 25, 2023","Spotify is the bomb! Amazon Music has better sound quality I think, but Spotify has a much better selection of music. Spotify keep track of my listening pattern on other streaming platforms and I notice at times the music will appear on Spot. There have been times I have encountered skip issues and minorglitches, but nothing is perfect in life or stays perfect. Spotify has expanded my listening to various artists from around the world and music that I may not normally listen too.",4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1205,Selen Paulose,"January 14, 2023","I love Spotify. its amazing and it always helps me, whether I'm sad or not itd there for me. But today when I tried go play songs, the songs kept pausing after 8 seconds or so and when I try skipping to the next song, it either just stops and doesn't start at all or it doesn't skip at all. Can someone help me?",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1206,Tony Equihua,"February 1, 2023","Good business model, in a healthy competitive field. I have little to nonexistent stress from Spotify. Shoot, its to the point where I consider Spotify an excellent coping skill, in a sense. Affordable, karaoke setup made easy, reliable, and easy to use. The algorithm for new song selection is outstanding 👌, from my personal experience with Spotify. I highly recommend this app, to my family and to people ❤️ whom I come at with an open heart and respect, of course. Equihua Limitless LLC.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1207,Hannah Yarberry,"January 6, 2023","I dont like that this new update blocks the ability to go back to previous songs just because I paused for more than 3 min. The new ui is weird. I'm trying to adjust, but even shuffling my songs doesn't get me new songs. I heard the same song 3x within 10 to 15 songs. That is way more frequent than it used to be. I pay for premium, so why can't I go back and why are certain songs overplaying?",0,2,spotify
1208,Tan YiLiang,"December 11, 2022","Edited to include the issue that every time you stop listening to Spotify, you cannot continue playing back the playlist that you were listening to. Seriously irritating. Suspect that the functions in this app is designed in such a way to push users into paying for ""premium"". Playlist now very difficult to edit? Go premium please. Too many ads and ads are poorly made? Go premium please. Playlist playing ""suggested songs"" instead of songs that are actually in the playlist? Go premium please.",16 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1209,Tim Whitney,"December 11, 2022","I like Spotify in general and would love to give the app 5 stars, but Spotify connect is so buggy that using this app is a daily frustration. I tend to play music from my phone casted to a variety of chromecast audio devices throughout my home. It's a crapshoot whether it works on any given day. Some days every single cast device just mysteriously appears from my list of options. If I cancel Spotify it will be because Spotify connect literally sucks 1000%.",0,2,spotify
1210,Travis DeLong,"January 26, 2023",It often autoplays stuff. It randomly will just play stuff. Sometimes my phone is locked and in my pocket. I deffinitly turned off auto-play. But spotify still randomly plays podcasts or music. I am disappointed that the Spotify app only works about 40% of the time. It is extremely frustrating. Sometimes it works great. Sometimes it fails to play.,37 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1211,m content,"December 3, 2022",I forgot the so many songs that i know constantly play and have new favorite songs . I will recommend this app if you love to listen to music but if you take the free option you only have six skips and that's mostly it for me . I do have an idea I am a guitarist and I was thinking maybe they could add that you can see the notes and the tabs from that song while they're listening to the song . it just an idea 🤐😂👍🏼✌🏼,0,4,spotify
1212,Ryan McPhillips,"February 1, 2023","Good for music. Scrolling sideways is annoying because it just goes up or down. You have to stop scrolling up and down to scroll sideways, and even then it mostly just scrolls up and down. I've been using premium since 2017, and this hasn't happened (probably because I searched for most of my songs), but is still very annoying. I use the mobile version by the way",0,3,spotify
1213,Pierre Lawson,"January 16, 2023","Great quality music and sounds. I love to use for meditation, study and sleep. Someone was able to hi jack my playlist from another country. I had to reset my password on all devices to stop them for playing music under my profile. It appears this is a common issue. That prevents me for rating 5 star.",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1214,Fire Fux,"January 26, 2023","Today I experienced an issue when playing back tracks in my playlists. Just about every other song was unable to play. I would tap on a song, it would act like it was loading, get stuck on 1 sec. If I skip to next song ⅓ of the time it fixes the issue ⅔ of the time it fails to resolve it. I've tried it on mobile and 1GB wifi, I have shutdown the app, doesn't work. Rebooting entire phone works for a min. then fails. I have updated and reboot phone, still issue persists.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1215,Amriko Fahmiko,"January 13, 2023","Bad update? Previews are like 1 sec now??!! Also the app won't stop!! After I stop the music it plays again. I closed the app, it plays in the background. I have to force stop the app. I tried clearing cache, clear storage and reinstalled. Same thing! I even tried it on my iPad. Same thing!!",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1216,Jillian Black,"January 7, 2023","I wish there were some more features sometimes, especially while paying for premium, but I live and breathe music so I can't complain too much. The suggestions are always interesting, the variety is very reasonable, and the ability to download are all great features it does have, so I'm satisfied.",0,4,spotify
1217,Enitsu,"December 11, 2022","Its a good app, I can make playlists and listen to them. One complaint I think every mobile user can relate to is how we can't play whatever we want but oh well. My personal complaint is that it always plays ads randomly in the middle of a song, it's really annoying and it doesn't let me finish it, please fix it! I have a new complaint, I really don't like how you can't preview songs in your playlist anymore, please change this I can't take it anymore, this is the last straw.",10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1218,Manfred “Manny” Winger,"December 10, 2022",Changed from 5 star to 2 star because during the past few months the app has been glitching out HARD! Every time I close it out completely from the background it either loses my place in my playlist (I listen to it from start to finish in alphabetical order bc the shuffle algorithm sucks) and skips back to the beginning OR it gets stuck on a loop of 6 songs in the playlist and I have to go in and reset my queue or else listen to the same 6 songs repeatedly. What am I paying for?,3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1219,Terry Crowe,"January 10, 2023","This used to be 5*, but as of the previous update, I can't listen to one song without it skipping. I use low/medium quality and work in London, so it's not a signal. I'm really considering canceling my family premium and going with another streaming provider. Using Spotify is an annoying experience.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1220,Kev Brown,"February 15, 2023","Have premium account however when playing a song half way through it will jump to a random song that I've never heard of. Does this all the time now, even after reinstall, password reset and permissions for other devices removed. Getting to the point I'm just going to cancel the account.",0,3,spotify
1221,Angela Sernas (obamas divorced mom),"December 10, 2022","Spotify was working well up until last month when one specific playlist won't play. The only way I've been able to play music on that specific playlist is playing a podcast and the playing the other playlist. Spotify was overall a good app but the ads are so scummy, ex. It would say wanna break from the ads, if you tap now to watch a short video you'll receive 30 minutes of ad free music. And when i watched the ads it still give me other ads.",0,2,spotify
1222,Rebecca Davis,"February 2, 2023","I've been using the free version of spotify for years, no problems whatsoever. Recently though, itll play the same 3 or 4 songs from an artist's page over and over again instead of playing other songs. I never had that issue before the beginning of this year, and I've been using it since around 2018.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1223,Ihor B.,"December 3, 2022","If it's not Premium, it's a doubtful pleasure. You cannot control what you are listening to (see other reviews with reference to playlist shuffle issue), ads are so frequent that it's really annoying. Yes, I understand you push people hard to buy Premium, but you make free one just useless. I could not keep using it when moved away from Premium at some point.",0,3,spotify
1224,Kurt Mifsud,"January 4, 2023","Had to edit my review. Several bugs with the app lately. Takes ages to load the home screen the first time. Sometimes I end up closing it and reopening it a couple of times until it loads well. Now I was listening on another device. Tried to skip track, didn't work. App got stuck listening on the other device and doesn't let me change device. Choice of music is still excellent though which is why I kept 3 stars",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1225,Lisa Caro,"January 31, 2023","This is by far, handz down the best music app there is out there, and my son and I have tried them all. Their suggestions based on what you listen to are right on point. I've discovered many songs I had never heard before that I ended up liking better than ones they base the suggestion from. I will no longer have any need or desire to even look at another music app. I'm going purchasing an I phone soon but do not plan on using their music app .I'm keeping my Spotify. I pay this 1st monthly.",21 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1226,Anc Mathews,"February 6, 2023",I loathe this app. My husband loves it so we have a subscription and I use it cause it's there. The reason I hate this app is because it always freezes when going from wifi to data or wifi to downloads. I'm constantly deleting songs by accident. There are songs I want that Spotify does not have. The list goes on and on.....🙄,0,1,spotify
1227,benjamin summerhill,"December 13, 2022",Changed to 2 stars because the latest update has broken the app. Why does no company test their updates before releasing them to the public. This latest update makes it impossible to listen to playlist for more than about 10 songs before it just stops playing and when you reopen the app your playlist is gone and you have to find it again which will start it from the begin or you start a different playlist only for it to do again. Basically the app is almost unuseable.,6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1228,Daymein Cook,"January 26, 2023","terrible app. buggy and clunky. it just freezes randomly whilst listening to songs, the ""search"" feature is horrible and clunky. and forgot""like"" at times it will register""likes"" other times not, Goodluck. and sadly I paid for premium as well. very disappointed, I don't see the hype around Spotify... just torrent your music if this is the best they can offer.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1229,BustingBurgers,"December 14, 2022","Great app if you like music, but recent updates have made it so when I pause a song for a bit and the hit play again it will play through that song then stop, then I can't hit play, clearing data cache doesn't work, resetting my phone doesn't work, and closing the app doesn't work, in order to listen to music again I'd have to play another Playlist and then go back to mine in a random spot which Is really dumb and needs to be fixed soon.",0,3,spotify
1230,David Crowley,"February 3, 2023","My favorite app for music and podcasts, I spend countless hours listening to Spotify in equipment and on the road. I even watch podcasts on my TV through this app. I can not do it any with my explanation of it, because it is far too modest. Trust me, you'll like it a lot!",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1231,Brianna Persinger,"December 12, 2022","I love spotify premium and its great but glitchy lately. Ive had to restart the app repeatedly this week due to issues. It wont have the music resume at the bottom after coming out of the app (sometimes), and when i try to click shuffle on a playlist or anything, cant get music to play. Thought needed an update but i guess it just went downhill. Another thing is sometimes im listening to my playlist and it randomly skips my song - now its playing 'based on playlist x'.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1232,Alina Orlova,"December 27, 2022","I've used Spotify for some time now. I didn't mind the limited skips I had while using free features, it was fair, but now having to hear 2 ads after every 2-3 songs is way too much!! They're basically pressuring us to buy premium, otherwise at this rate we won't be able to listen to music at all...",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1233,Ivalyn Williams,"December 15, 2022","Before this update I could listen to spotify without it being in my background now if I clear it out my background I can't listen to music, so I have to go back on the app TWICE and press an actual song to listen too, I can't just press play or nothing. I told them some is wrong with the app they told me to bascially deal with it after they tried finding solutions that didn't work. If I leave out my car for more than 10 mins spotify won't automatically play anymore!!!",0,1,spotify
1234,Uri Juhasz,"January 26, 2023","App has a great selection of music, however: it allows little control to the user and always tries to direct you to specific things. UI is very unintuitive and restrictive. Very buggy: Keeps disappearing when background playing and popping up when not playing. Keeps disconnecting from spotify connect speakers. Keeps disconnecting from internet on connected device. Songs on personal library disappear without notice. App updates usually introduce instability.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1235,Mihaela Asif,"December 13, 2022","There's a glitch that I hate so so much, the music just cuts off and then when I go to my playlist I don't see any songs 'playing' and I can't pause or play my playlist after that. I've uninstalled it about 8 times now and reinstalled it but nothings working. Also when I try to get back into my account after uninstalling it I can't. Look into it asap because it's SO annoying.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1236,Sheva Bree,"December 14, 2022",Not sure if problem with Spotify update or android update but the app is now constantly open in my notifications menu. I force close the app. Still there. Clear notifications. Still there. Restart phone. Still there. I do not like this feature and want a way to shut it off. When I close an app I want it closed. When I clear notifications I want them cleared. I do not appreciate this feature and will delete the app if it doesn't go away soon.,0,2,spotify
1237,Heims,"January 28, 2023","Been a user of Spotify for God knows how long. Don't care about that, the issue is the current update. First off, I basically can't skip songs anymore, great. I don't even care about the ads anymore, and now this becomes the norm?? Are the creators of this platform asking for another Uninstaller? Second, can't unshuffle songs now. I already got used to that, until the first point was implemented. Either you people are just straight up money hungry, or premium became some type of fetish.",0,1,spotify
1238,Tyler Allen,"January 29, 2023","Been using spotify for years. It's okay. Ads are annoying, definitely uses gathered data from google, ads about hating ads are dumb and redundant. Hate being asked to rate apps, if you're a good enough app I'll do it with out you bugging tf outta me. Over all app is decent if you're paying for premium and when they're not deleting songs from your play list or the song just ends and doesn't start the next one at all.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1239,James Sinyard,"February 15, 2023","Spotify is trash. Pushing recommendations to my homepage that I have no interest in, and no way to remove. Video won't play when connected to certain Bluetooth devices. Randomly plays different tracks or podcasts sometimes. Wants premium so I can cast to my Xbox rather than having to go into the Xbox and click the podcast? Trash.",0,1,spotify
1240,Drake Zakowski,"January 25, 2023","Love the premium! Being able to download music to your phone really saves data and battery. If you can spare the monthly premium, you will NOT regret it. Edit: my Spotify enhanced Playlist won't play with enhance feature on. Get 5 stars back when that's fixed. It even doesn't work on my PC which has internet access for sure.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1241,Marthins Precious,"December 19, 2022",I love Spotify. They provide great recommendations. Not giving them five stars because. I haven't been on Spotify for long. I started using a premium account two weeks ago. And it's been stressful. It keeps telling me no internet connection. When the connection is perfectly fine. I've done all I could. But nothing's working. I really hope you guys could help me with this. I love music and it's really annoying that I can't to listen to any song at all.,45 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1242,Chris,"February 11, 2023",I listen to Spotify all day and have for years but sometimes it sucks because recently Spotify fell in love with ads. You now start off with an ad then that follows with another shorter ad then you get your music or whatever then an ad then it gets stuck in ad mode where they last FOREVER until you close it and clear the cache. So after you close then reopen it it starts the process all over again. Every app nowadays even my TV is inundated with annoying ADS. If rather hit giant potholes.,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1243,Anas Shaltout,"December 6, 2022","The is overall great, but i have been facing something thats really frustrating; its really easy to unlike a song by mistake when listening to music, either on the player screen oe on the lock screen widget. This doesn't happen in the playlist section because there is a notfy message to confirm before removing the song. I have removed soo many songs that i like by mistake, then i find them randomly on a playlist unliked",23 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1244,Grayson Matlock,"January 28, 2023","Pretty great if you pay for premium though there are consistent bugs with the app closing itself/stopping music or skipping songs on its own, especially when used with Bluetooth devices. They aren't frequent, but I've noted them among several different phones and other devices I've owed over the years. Nevertheless, great music selection and automatic curating.",4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1245,Brenda Dawson,"January 9, 2023","I have enjoyed using Spotify for several years for personal and business use. I am very happy with the selection of music and cost is reasonable. It links nicely through Bluetooth to a speaker for my massage sessions, and the length of music files works superbly for someone who uses this for relaxation every day. I recommend to anyone looking for variety and quality.",4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1246,J,"January 21, 2023","Pausing on it's own and not showing the correct song/podcast playing - if it even shows at all. Awful layout of library. Need a function to delete the unwanted 'your episodes' podcast folder and a function to select multiple songs to remove from a playlist instead of one by one. plays a radio playlist based on my playlist I'm listening to, randomly and unwanted. Can be so slow to load and now no longer shows on lock screen",69 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1247,Pilar Arendain,"December 31, 2022","Its a great app really but the thing is there are too much ads, half of the buttons that i always use are removed and i have to have prenium for everything, but the problems i mentioned here are only on my phone, half of the gadgets i downloaded spotify on is perfectly fine like I can repeat things on my tv, ipad and laptop and my phone? The repeat button is nowhere to be seen, this has been a problem of mine since july.",10 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1248,Kai Mizaki,"January 14, 2023","I have Spotify on my phone, even have premium. The only problem is the fact that the app is useless now, it all started when I was experiencing problems with searching songs, I googled how to fix it and it said to log out and log back in. Now it won't let me log back in! This is the worst experience I've had with Spotify. Please fix this.",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1249,Leah Stark,"February 13, 2023","After an update, the drop down box that allows me change a song without opening the app, changed its buttons. Not a fan because they're so small now. I have to tap at least 3 times sometimes to play, pause, skip etc. Or it'll open the app because it clicks to open. 🙄",0,3,spotify
1250,Zachary Kirby,"January 21, 2023","Honestly it's really the only music app I use now. I've tried YouTube plus and Pandora but I've found Spotify to be the most easy to use and the most convenient. It's only sad sometimes when they don't have certain albums or unreleased things. But, I guess that's what all the other platforms are for.",0,5,spotify
1251,Mark Ramey,"December 28, 2022","Note I am not a Premium user, I am a free user. For a long time my playlist played in order, once shuffle was turned on my accident but could turned back off. Now shuffle is always on and cannot be turned off unless you become a Premium user. This was found in the support link. I have to tolerate ads being a free user which I accept. When they start changing the rules as times goes on is unacceptable. I will have to flip back to Pandora which is more user friendly anyway.",15 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1252,Benjamin McCarthy,"December 15, 2022","This app was great from release to 2020, however the past 2 years is making me reconsider buying premium. The app has developed horrible bugs which has rendered the app all but unusible on both my iphone 11 and pixel 6 pro. The web player works fine, however does not include many necessary features for daily use. Ive done plenty of troubleshooting on both phones and at this point I'm fully convinced it's the app software. Edit - issue still not fixed",20 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1253,Michael Fowler,"January 26, 2023","Spotify has been hot, hot garbage for the last year or two. Radios take way too much from your listened to songs than anything that sounds like what you played, playlists have started repeating songs while on shuffle constantly, and now there are constant outages. I used to joke about Tidal but maybe it's time to start looking for a different service. Quality has dropped way too much to justify continuing to pay $10/month.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1254,Nagget boi,"December 26, 2022","Rewriting my review to condense everything using less text: 1. Songs do not shuffle properly, or, are not actually random. It would definitely be so much better if there were a sort of ""Random"" listening option, where songs can't play more that once. 2. This new update's changes to playlists are terrible. It completely removed songs' respective album covers, their listening previews, and any features relating to songs whatsoever. It's much more an actual list than a playlist.",66 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1255,Jeff C,"February 5, 2023",Best free music and pod cast audio app out there. A lot of ads with some being pretty lengthy inbetween songs which is obviously supposed to push you to wanna go and purchase premium but in all its a great app easy and haven't had any issues with bugs or such as that. Would rate five stars but the adds are to abundant.,1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1256,Lady,"January 26, 2023","Used to let you listen to a few songs before playing an ad, as in one ad. For quite a while its been more like one song and 3-5 ads. Updated it today and now it suddenly wont play anything at all. Have really debated going premium to avoid the ads. But if it wont play anything at all forget that!! Not paying for something that wont do anything at all.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1257,Alice Heffernan,"January 5, 2023","Have had Spotify for about 12 years now but every so often it goes so glitchy! Currently, I can't switch songs on my phone without opening the app?! Wheres the bar gone? The songs randomly stop. Don't get me started on shuffle - if I have over 500 songs on a playlist, WHY am I always hearing the same songs?! Software update definitely needed to fix bugs.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1258,Jessica Meeks,"December 29, 2022",The app turns itself on multiple times a day in all kinds of different scenarios. When going through blogs of MANY people having the same issue there seems to be no solution. I now uninstall it until I want to use it again. Then I reinstall listen for however long being annoyed by the issue that never stops and uninstall when I'm done.,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1259,Jenita shanthini,"February 15, 2023","Spotify is an very good app to listen so many songs in multi lingual languages. There is a small suggestion from my end to upgrade this app with certain features. How about two people can hear same song by connecting to each other when they are in different place. Just now saw an option called blend, which allows us to see how much % taste of songs is matching when we share the invite to our friends. Similarly can we do this part as well?? Two friends can listen to same song from spotify",14 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1260,xMisery13x,"December 12, 2022","Great app, however lately the app has a tendency to misbehave. More often than not I'll be starting a downloaded playlist and it will suddenly stop for no reason with no way of playing it again without restarting the app. Very annoying when you're on the go and all you want is some music!",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1261,Alex Byrd,"December 12, 2022","Used to be great, and it still does offer a great collection of songs, but the shuffle no longer works. Ends up looping the songs that it already played after having only played like 20. Sometimes it randomly switches off of your playlist to just play songs similar to what's on your playlist. It's quite buggy at this point. Maybe in the future it will be fixed, but until then, only 2 stars. Further bugs, it now bugs out and stops playing songs every few songs now and I have to restart playlist",79 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1262,Anthony Lawrence,"January 9, 2023","To be fair, the app isn't 1 star, but I want to make my point that there needs to be an option to do audio only for podcast in ALL situations, even on wifi. I listen to podcast in the background, and when I'm working on other things on the TV the video podcast forces Spotify to override what I'm working on, when I just want it in the background. On a side note Spotify, use Podcast Addict and see how a true podcast app works.",0,1,spotify
1263,Samel Japitana (Jo),"December 13, 2022","It was a great app and to others it still is. But when we search a specific song, we can't view the playlist or even view how the song sounds like or how the album looks like, which is very frustrating. When Spotify was playing over apps as usual, and the song you're listening to would always be on the notifications idk what it's called but this is where you know what song is playing, what part of the song you're listening to, etc. But now I can't view it and don't know how to fix, it please do",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1264,Sugonmaligma,"February 10, 2023","Had this for a while and it sucks. No I won't buy anything for you to gain, I dislike your company because it interrupts my music. Lark Player is actually a better app if you know how to download music on mp3, even if you're connected to the internet on Lark Player, it doesn't have ads in the middle of my songs, atleast this music player is doing something right.",0,1,spotify
1265,Michael Bradeis,"December 15, 2022","Was great till recently, for some reason when using Android Auto it will only play the song last played, then you have to go onto phone and select another Playlist. It will then play fine for a while. Has been crashing multiple times and then it will play last song, before having to select another Playlist. It is a viscous cycle. I pay for premium for now, but if this isn't fixed in a timely manner I will be looking for another streaming service",0,3,spotify
1266,Samantha Sainsbury,"February 3, 2023","The app is fine - occasional crashes, and it's irritating that downloaded content seems to disappear after some time. My actual gripe is that Spotify won't apply gift cards to all subscription types, which unknown to me has been a policy for years. I wasn't even aware my plan was considered as a discounted or trial membership until I tried and failed to apply gift cards. Clearly they have no intent to change this, and I have nowhere else to express my discontent.",0,1,spotify
1267,Motor7710,"December 15, 2022",Overall the app is pretty good on standard Android phones. The music selection is pretty good also. But on the mobile Android car stereo app The major functions are too small for when you're driving. There extremely dangerous I think! Can you make them bigger please. I think it's a safety issue thanks.,0,3,spotify
1268,Chidubem Anozie,"December 28, 2022","You guys keep adding terrible songs to my good playlist. You guys should get that if people want a song on their playlist they should add it not you doing it for them because I just made a playlist. I have been listening to it for over 30 minutes and not a single song I put on the playlist has played only the ones you added and I do not like that so if you could please change that , it would be great. But appart from that it is a great app and I enjoy using it.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1269,ItsGhoulUK,"January 14, 2023","This app is ridiculous. The app is shown as free when, in actuality, to even use the most basic features properly (skip for example) you need ""premium,"" which isn't worth the money because this app never works correctly and when it does it gets updated a few days later with some useless feature no one asked for that immediately breaks it again. If this is ""the best music app,"" it leaves something to be desired.",42 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1270,Caillou,"December 24, 2022","I started premium mini a few months ago and completed the challenge to get a discount for a week. Unfortunately, now, every single time I try to use that discount, it won't let me. It would keep resulting to the same screen ""Sorry. That didn't work,"" sayings like that. I tried over and over and over again but always the same results.",8 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1271,DKDragon,"January 26, 2023","Very good app itself, but has some pretty annoying bugs and outages at random times. If you don't have premium, you get stuck with the same 4 ads every 2 songs. Do you know how many times I have heard Kevin Heart talk about cash back? Way to many. To be honest I hated using Spotify until I got premium, I just didn't want to use YouTube so I stuck with it. Please make less ads a thing for non premium users 🙏🙏",0,3,spotify
1272,Adam J. Davidge,"December 29, 2022","spotify premium is fantastic. i use it every single day with out fail for huge amounts of time each day. bit pricey at £9.99 but with student discount or when offers are on at £4.99 its perfectly acceptable. ***Edit*** still stand by the fact that Spotify is the best investment in an app I've ever paid for. Year after year. Irrespective of price. The product gets better over time, the more you use it and the experience becomes personalised.",15 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1273,J O,"December 15, 2022","Love the service. However, I have developed an issue as of late. When I connect my phone to Android Auto, or anything else for that matter, it finishes playing the song it was playing prior to connection. As soon as that track is over, it stops and I have to return to the home page to start it back up. After that, it works great. This started over the last couple of weeks and is driving me crazy",197 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1274,Serina Badiali,"February 15, 2023",Great but when I try to change a Playlist picture it won't let me choose a picture and when I take a picture it'll take it and then I press ok and it doesn't work. Please fix that. Everything else is great. Ps I would love to have access to all Songs.😀,0,4,spotify
1275,James Banks,"December 14, 2022","Bluetooth Reconnection Issues. Since the last update, Spotify won't play the next song when you reconnect to Bluetooth. Every time I get back in my car, I have to close out the app, reopen it, and play. And when I do, I wind up losing my place in whichever playlist and have to start a new one.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1276,Kian Cowley,"January 16, 2023","The veriety of songs on this app is 10/10 however if you want to play a playlist or your liked songs, forget about it! How about a random song you can't skip because you skipped 6 other random songs that played. I cannot listen to anything without hearing random music I didn't add. I've got ""What's new scooby doo"" playing on my liked songs playlist when I didn't like it in the first place. Very good for veriety, terrible for playing.",7 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1277,AidanorAJ,"December 8, 2022","I haven't tried every music service as I'm sure few have. Spotify's alright, it could use some more customization like the PC version, as well as more displayed information in general. The shuffle program could also be worked on as right now it is obviously influenced by an algorithm, with a bit of 'random' mixed in. I don't know why Spotify thinks this is better. It just ends up overplaying its prioritized songs and underplaying others.",0,4,spotify
1278,Chloe Hattersley,"December 14, 2022","the new update for smasung sucks! I hate it! and the playlists are now glitched. It'll play the last song you were listening to then so silent, but won't let you press the play button for the playlist so you have to press on another playlist, listen to two ads before going back to the playlist you wanted. it's quite annoying! Spotify has been my favourite music app until now :(",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1279,Doug Zolbert,"January 26, 2023","457 liked songs and Spotify plays about 80 over a week. Some songs haven't played in months. The shuffle feature isn't a true shuffle either. It shuffles the songs once and from then on it's the same playlist every single day. The suggestions seldom match my musical tastes. If Pandora had my favorite artist I'd switch tonight. Spotify is garbage. Not too mention the search function will freeze your entire device. Someday a tech geek will create an app that works, till then they're all useless.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1280,Merida Henderson,"December 14, 2022","Horrible, since the update I can't listen to my music without my app being open. I've connected support and they disconnected on me for 2 days straight then 2 days ago I was told that they know of the issue and are working on fixing it. It's been 2 weeks now that's its been going on. I can't use it in the car, or my headphones. I pay for a service I can't use. And support will not do anything.",0,1,spotify
1281,A Google user,"December 13, 2022","Im really tired of this. I've been using Spotify for a few years now. I think I need to find a different option. The ONLY reason Enter Sandman was my ""favorite"" song is cuz, even with premium, set to shuffle liked songs, they kept playing it. Over and over. My favorite song of all time is Sad but True. Same band. Same album. The ads when I can't afford premium are just too much. The ads are LOUDER than the music, so it wakes me up often. The Popeyes ad creaters need to be shot. 😒",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1282,Choco Titi,"December 12, 2022","The app works well for so long but now, it keeps crashing. Being on a playlist, then for some random moments, it doesn't play anymore. Nothing happens when I tap the play/pause button. Cannot change to another playlist. Other features are normal, except *playing music* LOL. What good of SPOTIFY if it doesn't play music? Sometimes restarting the phone helps. But the surest way is to uninstall and then reinstall. It sucks. Now I switch to Spotify Lite to see if the problem persists.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1283,Noah M.,"February 10, 2023","It's great for music, which is what I use it for. PLEASE give us the option to opt out of recommendations (that I am never interested in), or opt out of podcasts being recommended. I know a lot of people use this for everything, but I'd love to not have my home screen cluttered with things I'd never and will never listen to.",302 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1284,Skylenrocks,"December 14, 2022","It's only good if you have premium or else it doesn't really do you justice, overall I do not recommend unless your willing to spend money but what I do recommend is just making music playlists on YouTube, it's free and you get WAY less ads!- but there is one downside to this alternative method to listen to music and it's that you can't turn you phone off and listen to it, Other than that it's a good way to get free music.",0,3,spotify
1285,Mark Black,"February 1, 2023","I never want spotify to play unless I open it up to play. When I get in my car and music screams out of my speakers when I don't want it to, I get angry. I hang up from a phone call and music starts screaming, I get startled. If I have an accident due to that, I will be filing suit. I've been deleting the app and reinstalling almost everyday. Like that is a great solution? I could before the last update set it to not play automatically but now I can't. I hate Spotify!",0,1,spotify
1286,Ziekwalt,"January 2, 2023","I'll admit the interface and little tidbits about what you listen to and how long are nice, but when I have a music or sound app the onw thing I care about is how it sounds. I don't understand how people can use this service when everything I listen to sounds like it's under water or being played through a thing wall. Sound quality trumps all, and Spotify doesn't have it. I've looked into if theyre playing to upgrade if they do they seem to be planning to charge more which is absurd.",0,2,spotify
1287,Rogue Monkey,"December 13, 2022","I absolutely love this app and I use it every single day. It has been working fine for me since 2011. However, this newer update seems to mess up my streaming. I can be listening to music and as soon as I pause the music and exit out of the app or open a new app that plays audio, Spotify will play the current song that was already playing and then just pause. It will not continue from the play queue until I have actually closed the app about 3 times for it to reset itself.",9 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1288,Ret Robertson,"December 29, 2022","Great app, but needs free or cheaper version for those on permanent disability pension. A one-off, life-time subscription fee at a low cost would be fantastic. Having spent over AU$3,000 on specialist & hospital bills this year alone, I simply cannot afford to pay the current asking price. I believe there is consideration occurring into this possibility already, so fingers crossed!",5 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1289,jacmandora1,"January 19, 2023","Can't search tracks on my playlists all of a sudden! Since the end of last year, whenever I try to get the search bar in one of my playlists, it doesn't appear. So I have to scroll constantly to find tracks. I've uninstalled/reinstalled the app then the search bar is available... but only for a short time before it goes again. Is there some issues with this app I'm not aware of?",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1290,Jamby Jabay,"December 18, 2022",So far this was the best music streaming platform for me but the problem is we can't stop the shuffling of songs unless we upgrade to premium. I want my song to be orderly played according to my preference but sadly I can't do it because the app doesn't let me turn off the shuffle button. As a free account user who doesn't afford upgrading to premium I humbly understand and accept the amount of ads you give us but please give us atleast the access to the shuffle button. Thank you!,39 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1291,Daryl Kelley,"December 3, 2022","Just started using the app and I am impressed enough to say thank you and recommend Spotify for the full albums available to select, it's a well set up suggested or available options menues, everything I've looked for and have been able to listen to. Do not not check it out because you do not know about it. Check it out",36 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1292,Gabe,"December 20, 2022","Still enjoy the app. Couple things app has a slow start wen I open it, and please please make it where we can close the music info with a swipe down it's lowkey a pain tryna close it by pressing the down arrow. Other music apps have it with just a simple swipe up/down like YouTube music. And basically vice-versa for expanding the song info swipe up or down to close or expand. Can't wait for future updates!",0,4,spotify
1293,Wayne Langan,"February 1, 2023","The only time I use this app is to listen to podcasts on long drives in the car. After this recent update, even if I'm 20-30-60 minutes into a podcast, when I restart the car it restarts the podcast. It used to pick up where I left off. I've stopped using the app. Super frustrating",0,2,spotify
1294,Stephen Spurlock,"December 14, 2022","Possible latest update has started issues with the app. Thought at first it was Android Auto, but now looking at Spotify. Start the app when I get into the car. It will play 1 song then no pause or play button. Only a square. Have to unplug the phone, plug it back in, then have to start over and shuffle play. On my phone only, (no car)will play 1 song then the time continues to count up on the song even after it is over. Have to close the app and go through the start over shuffle play to start.",0,2,spotify
1295,money. roads.,"January 5, 2023","Spotify is a good app, although I have 1 problem. I don't mind the ads, but I really just hate it when I can't replay a song in a loop or just replay and rewind or fast forward. I usually have to wait for like 5 songs before the actual song that I want to play (this is my biggest problem here).",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1296,Raven Dark,"December 3, 2022","It takes time to set up. I've spent a week sorting out my library to get the most matching recommendations and daily mixes. One downside - plenty of wrong track names and mixed discographies. -upd. Spotify lost all my yearlong listening data, failed to generate Wrapped 2022 playlist. Customer support is basically telling me to deal with it, good luck next year. While I'm not even the only person with same issue. Sad. It is a good app overall.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1297,Marija Nedjalkova,"December 9, 2022","Very frequently disappointing. Not enough caching being used. If I'm in an area with no internet, I'd expect the home page still to load SOMETHING, like latest thing I had listened to, and my profile pic. If I'm tapping on ""go back one song"" why does it have to be re-dowbloaded again? I just listened to it! A lot of requests don't come back forever.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1298,Oche Inalegwu,"December 29, 2022","I really love this app,the features and all it comes with including how lyrics run smoothly without interruptions..this is definitely my go to App for listening to music. My only problem since I've downloaded this app is I've not been able to activate the premium package it keeps showing error whenever I try to buy the package... please what could be the problem?? and how can It be fixed.",74 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1299,Adam Smith,"January 26, 2023","WOW the bugs are out of control as of late, it's almost comical. the new UI update is clunky and less usable than before. why can't I swipe down to hide the player pane now? tapping on the arrow at the top is cumbersome and not intuitive, given that every other music player app I use (Tidal, Bandcamp, YouTube Music, and PowerAmp) supports the swipe down to hide player thing. also greatly disappointed by the Spotify CEO's €100M investment in an AI defence startup.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1300,Leila Wong (AlexaMC),"February 3, 2023","I love how I can listen to music with the app minimized. Please, allow us to listen to the playlist we made, don't add random songs in the middle. If so, no point in making the playlist. It would be better if you just added ads.",0,3,spotify
1301,Azul Duran,"December 23, 2022","I've been using Spotify since 2020 because I needed an app that I could listen to music with while I drew. Wonderful experience and I don't mind the ads, I just wish that my playlist could be longer than 27 hours but every time I try to add a song it doesn't let me, but that is mostly my fault for having only one playlist for almost 3 years",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1302,Roger Van Unen,"January 26, 2023",Spotify seems to do everything right except you cannot exclude a language. I hate French songs and Spotify keeps on presenting French songs in France. Sucks 👎🏻 What is absolutely a bummer is their every 2 songs adds. 2 songs + 2 adds. And every time the same one. After their success they become a money making machine for marketing. Totally lost their initial goal: opening the music market. On the verge of being uninstalled and going back to my local music library without adds. Join me 👍🏻💪,10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1303,Martin Bell,"December 25, 2022","Years of playing on Android auto with no problems. In the last week I get the ""Spotify doesn't seem to be working message"". I assume this is an issue caused by the recent update. As I listen to Spotify when I'm driving, I'm asking myself why I pay for premium. This needs to be resolved quickly.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1304,Jordyn,"January 9, 2023","i truly love this app, ive been using it for years. the only thing is, i feel like premium should be free. idc if i still have ads but i feel like we should be able to use it like premium users do instead of having to shuffle every playlist. its so annoying. same with the 6 skips an hour. i think thats a bit excessive on the restrictions.",0,4,spotify
1305,Erica,"January 13, 2023","I love Spotify but the only thing bothering me is that you can ONLY skip 6 songs, why can I not play a different song when playing another song? There isn't rewind button or que button? Also when I play a album it comes up with a different album by the same artist I just want to see if people have e this problem if you do and you fixed it how do you prevent it from happening again?",0,3,spotify
1306,Kevin Steil,"December 19, 2022","If 0 stars was an option thats what i'd pick. Will not play consistently in the background, I have good cell service, even went in the setting to make sure it was allowed in the background. Will play 2 Mins of a song and stop. Makes you restart the app each time. Checked for updates and there is none. Not sure if it's an android problem or what.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1307,Shug Hughes,"January 17, 2023",App won't share music at all. Will not allow me to share any song anywhere. Won't even let me copy a link. Have unistalled and reinstalled several times. Won't load at all. Usually works fine. But I guess the day I need to promote music on spotify is the one day it no longer allows you to do so. Cool.,0,2,spotify
1308,Kirby Fling,"January 18, 2023","Music library good, app totally sucks. Seriously, it is wasn't for the comprehensive library I worthy use this at all. I used Google music for years and the app was light-years ahead of this garbage. Spotify completely blows if your internet connection isn't Rick solid and super fast. Even in offline mode it hangs, glitches and fails to play music for 5min. The bandwidth consumed is ridiculous and the UX is atrocious. Why haven't I left yet?",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1309,The really real Mr. Krabs,"December 10, 2022","Bro whyd they remove literally every basic function we've always had in the past. Like we're so limited on what we can see and do. Can't even see an album cover because that was a problem I guess, and we can't preview songs or playlists either. Terrible updates by you guys. Also now my app is bugging hard and I can't play some of my playlists",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1310,ALF Zzen,"December 21, 2022","Good app, not the best sound quality. Now, I am writing this review because unfortunately, and I am referring to the app on my smart TV, the option to repeat ""one song"" has been removed. I used to use it a lot, now is gone. I really don't understand why developers remove features that are good, and add things that are not. I hope it is going to be added again. And please remember: ""If it is not broken, don't try to fix it""!!!!!",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1311,Kenneth Tan,"December 30, 2022","I've been a subscriber for over five years (seven year, I think) and Spotify has been my constant companion. I've made playlists for various genres, eras, for podcasts, for audio books, I've found fantastic artists from other continents, and experienced music I wouldn't have known if it wasn't for Spotify. Yes, I love Spotify.",17 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1312,Taylor Atnip,"January 24, 2023","They have once again removed the button to toggle car mode on and off easily from the home menu, now requiring you to go to the settings to turn it on if you turn it off. This is a silly extra inconvenience to something that was fine as it was. FFS spotify, get it together. Embarrassing.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1313,Chris Thornton,"January 25, 2023","I'm not sure if Spotify was recently updated but now whenever I turn on the ENHANCE feature in your ""Liked Songs"" list, it says I'm offline and will not play any of my music unless I turn ENHANCE oof then I lose all my recommendations... this is extremely irritating. I've looked in my settings and it claims I'm still connected but as long as that feature is one, I have no music. I would like a response to this issue soon or a reduction on the cost of my membership. I want what I paid for.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1314,Harry J Dammann,"December 14, 2022","I loved this app, but the latest update sucks. I can't preview songs, I can't add songs through the playlist anymore, I have to go through the search bar, when I do add songs it no longer gives similar songs or recommendations. The wrapped update made everything worse and I can't stand it, to the point I haven't used the app in 5 days. Change it back, please",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1315,A Shell,"December 17, 2022","I really, really, have enjoyed Spotify! They even fixed the bug that I was experiencing and it has been splendid! I've had Premium for a good long while and it's absolutely fantastic for long car rides when you don't have service! It has more or less has become apart of life. I have it playing in my car or blasting it when I'm working with my doggos! Absolutely amazing!!! WOULD RECOMMEND!!!",16 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1316,David Bowman,"January 17, 2023","Unusable and has been for months. It's like there is a network issue, but there isn't. Everything else on my phone works fine, and I can jump on the computer and not have any of these issues. I've tried deleting the data/cache, uninstalling/reinstalling. Nothing works. Inexcusable... I have finally moved on to Apple Music.",927 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1317,Bea Ornbo,"February 2, 2023","I have the premium option of Spotify and it is amazing! It never runs slow, it is always very quick to open and play music. I love how it makes playlists tailored to my taste and it introduces me to new music all the time, the download function on playlists is very handy, as sometimes I don't want to use up my mobile data and I love how it does the annual 'spotify wrapped' it's always a really fun way to end the year.",44 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1318,Joshua Ochoa,"January 23, 2023","If it gave the option to add a song to a playlist while driving (maybe have a button one could press for a preselected playlist), and if it had an option to edit the daily drive (maybe have a choice to have more/less podcasts), I could see myself giving it 5 stars. And having the songs that are added with enhanced, if they could be downloaded too if the playlist was selected to be downloaded.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1319,Brianna Kimbler,"December 17, 2022","Spotify is awesome! They have great music for a reasonable subscription price. Just about the only criticism I have is that I hate when I play a playlist that they recommend songs to me instead of just playing the songs I have in there, unless I hit a particular button. I feel recommendations should be something I can choose to opt into not that I have to opt out of.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1320,Addie,"December 28, 2022","Very good!! Love that you can play your music with your phone locked even with the Free version. The ads for free accounts are a bit much tho. But I understand that you guys have to make money one way or another. Also, I love their promotional items. Hulu sub with premium purchase, free premium until March, all that nice stuff. Never crashes for me unlike other people. Just wondering, how do I access karaoke? Updated 4 times a month, nothing. Looked it up and nothing. Anyways, nice app!",5 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1321,T Money,"January 14, 2023","Out of the blue, it stopped letting me search or play anything I didn't have downloaded, regardless of me using WiFi or having full service for my data usage. Tried resetting my phone and internet connection, but continues to tell me I have no internet connection. Tried updating the app, and it didn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled, and now it won't let me log in and keeps telling me error. I would appreciate some answers or some help with this because I specifically prefer Spotify.",16 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1322,Ryan Beare,"January 26, 2023","As so many other reviewers have said, this app is good when it works. Unfortunately, more time is spent fighting with it to get it to keep playing what I want it to play or stay connected to chromcast devices. Sometimes it just stops playing. Every update seems to add some random new issues. And yes, I've tried clearing cache or reinstalling several times.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1323,Scott Ross,"December 16, 2022","Love the app, but the latest update is not so good. Plays a song then when first opened then freezes even though it says it's still playing. I have to swap play lists and then it works fine until the next time I want to use it. Very annoying, especially since I use it when riding my motorcycle several times a day 😭",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1324,Dawn Howe,"February 1, 2023","Predatory buisness model one of their ads out of the 3 is even a 10second alarm and it makes me never want to touch this app again. Disgusting. Edit: Its now gotten even worse with 4 ads in a row. I'm writing down the songs in my playlist and officially uninstalling. Just because I'm poor doesn't mean i should be subjected to non stop ads with 6 skips, i'll just stick with YouTube for the same thing but unlimited skips thanks.",0,1,spotify
1325,vapete 123,"February 20, 2023","It's a pleasure to use Spotify getting around, and navigating the App was easy once I'd familiarised myself with the in-app icons. I previously subscribed to Apple Music but thought I'd try Spotify as there was an offer on for 3 months for £9.99, irs always worth checking Spotify online to see if there are any current offers avaliable. Spotify also offers a free version of the app with Ads, well worth checking out before you commit to a Premium account, you'll love the many in-app playlists.",0,5,spotify
1326,Matthew Walker,"February 10, 2023","The quality of the app has progressively degraded over the past few years, did you guys fire the QA team? I'm only bothering to post this because Spotify has become the only app on Android 13 that is able to somehow lag the entire compositor, so that back gestures are delayed. Playback now skips shortly after seeking, awesome. Not to mention the horrible cross device syncing which only has more problems over time. Welp.",0,2,spotify
1327,Jacob Aaron,"February 13, 2023","Been waiting for this app to allow landscape mode while playing for THREE YEARS. Really sick of it, this could be easily fixed. Constantly having to flip my phone back and forth is insanely annoying. Everything else is fine but this is a 1-star review until it's fixed",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1328,Keith Sharp,"December 10, 2022","Latest update has messed up playback. When trying to play song from a playlist it will abruptly stop and then will not restart again when pressing the playback it is as if the play button becomes inactive, I have to start another playlist then come back to the original playlist I was trying to use them if seems fine until it glitches again. just started recently doing this.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1329,Fantasia Sweet,"January 24, 2023",I have been a customer of Spotify since 2015 and have had ZERO problems. I recommend this app to any and everyone that will listen. They make playlists based off of the types of music you listen to. There are so many other perks like They even do a yearly wrap up that I always look forward to in december. This on top of everything else makes this app worth every penny Ive spent.,4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1330,Daniel Wojtowicz,"January 5, 2023","I really enjoy this app and all the playlists, but ever since my credit card was hacked. I've got everything fixed on my end. But now when I wanna update to pay with my new card it keeps telling me fail payment. I've done everything the support team from Spotify told me what to do and still nothing. I can make online purchases and have no issues just and issue with paying for Spotify. I guess it's time to find a another app for music. I can't stand the advertisements on here.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1331,Kris Murphy,"December 12, 2022","I love the app. But since the last update I can't play my music. It plays one song. And then stops, but I can see it's still playing by the green graph. And I go to the buttons and they don't work. Very annoying seeing as I pay for this service :) Please fix the bug",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1332,Rob Fowler,"January 19, 2023","Updating from 5 to 2 to 1 stars. Now unreliable, frustrating, bloated, uncaring. I often resort to YouTube and SoundCloud, especially on variable signal where the app does not function at all. You cannot reach the ""offline mode"" setting or reach your downloaded playlists (which I pay for premium in order to use) without 4G+ or 5G. You can't access menus, and it prioritises downloading images, lyrics & gimmicks over the music. Terrible vision from once outstanding group. Useless in current build.",23 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1333,Griffin Woods,"February 7, 2023","Edit: Broken again! This app is a mess :( // The app it's broken. A podcast starts playing whenever I'm listening to music over and over. It's absolutely unusable, and it's been quite a few days like this already. It pisses me off that I'm paying a subscription for something that doesn't work. Please just roll back the app version until you find what went wrong.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1334,Lillian Kane,"December 8, 2022","Recently my Spotify has been acting up, saying that it is playing a Playlist of my own creation but freezing and not playing anything, but if I go to play an album by an artist it works perfectly fine. It may simply be a personal issue, but as I have forgotten my password for Spotify I won't Uninstall it if it is going to erase all of my playlists.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1335,InducedFather Gaming,"December 12, 2022","Fix your queue system! I've lost so many songs in my queue this week it is ridiculous. Pay all this money to lose songs like that. I loved this app all the way up until this past week, in which when I exit and close the app, my queue clears. The only song is the one I was currently listening to. In which the app does not give contact info or a report a problem system. FIX IT OR YOU LOSE ME AS A CUSTOMER.",0,2,spotify
1336,Rietumetse Helepi,"December 9, 2022","Honestly this app is amazing,love how i can download music and play it offline (premium) but the problem is, I would be chilling and all of a sudden the app crashes,the song will stop playing, mostly when i take pictures and videos,or playing games. Your app is amazing,the problem is crashing, dont know whether its my phone or my headphones,but with any other music apps this has never happened. Spotify please fix this. Thank you, enjoy you day 🧍🏼‍♂️",45 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1337,Robert Freeman (Halfgingerman),"February 17, 2023","I like Spotify and the app works well but WHY DO YOU KEEP REMOVING THE EASY FIND OPTION WITHIN PLAYLISTS? Always keeps being removed or added in updates. Just keep it the way it is. The less clicks one has to do, the better the user experience. Fyi. I mean there are actual important things in the world but one has to preoccupy themselves while on the toilet 🤔 YET AGAIN YOU REMOVED! THANKS!",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1338,BABY HUEY,"January 14, 2023","I used to love this app, and now when I start playing music, it just stops. Nothing happens. Nothing's working. All my songs They played like the 1st 2 or 3 seconds of the song n just stops.. I used this every day, especially when I'm working out. Please fix.. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it twice and it still happened",15 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1339,Sydney,"January 14, 2023","I absolutely love Spotify and I hope to get the premium version soon, however, recently it has decided to stop working. When I try to get into the app, it just says ""try again. "" but my internet etc is fine. Even when I try to play a song on another device via Spotify, it doesn't play and keeps saying try again.... Please fix this😭",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1340,Kenny Man,"December 10, 2022",From the latest update their is glitch and loses signal and just stays in the loop trying to find signal. You'll play your playlist and itll be fine for some time but very randomly you'll loose signal and stay in a loading loop for long time. Cant skip forward nor if you keep pressing the play button it still doesn't play. I had to uninstall the app and reinstall it again to work for a few hours...,5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1341,Isaac Xiong,"January 26, 2023",The app is somewhat okay but if im being forced to BUY premium just to SKIP songs then it really isnt worth your while trying to listen to songs that YOU want to listen to. And what I mean by that last sentence is that you get changed to another playlist while listening to the playlist you WANT to listen to. I wouldn't recommend this app unless you want to suffer by 1 minute adds.,0,2,spotify
1342,Sylas Hare,"January 27, 2023","you pay so much money for premium and then the app doesnt even work right. it stops randomly in the middle of songs, often multiple times per song, even if there is no other media output, and thats if you can even open the app in the first place. i geuinely enjoy the layout and other features but if these issues arent fixed soon I'll find my music somewhere else",0,1,spotify
1343,lee ann white,"January 9, 2023","I've been using Spotify for years now, I love it so much, even when I didn't have premium my favorite things about it was the Daily Playlists cuz u could pick the song u want even without premium, AND the Year Wrap Up Playlists. I also love the new update where I can just swipe the song I want to add to queue on Android now, and they added the lyrics to songs which I also love, but I kinda miss the Behind the Lyrics that was there too, it's still great tho, I will never use another music app <3",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1344,Angel V,"December 21, 2022","It is just an amazing app. I love how with premium you can download music AND PODCASTS, then listen with offline mode. Also how you get song notifications when a artist you like drops some new music. The new lyrics for all songs is amazing, because instead of having to look up the lyrics all I have to do is just scroll down and BOOM! Oh and the last thing are the Blends, THEY ARE AMAZING, plus the little stories, and the amount of people you can add is amazing. I LOVE THIS APP 🌟",15 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1345,Rufus Dummett,"January 3, 2023",What is with the UI? I cannot see album tracks properly anymore. And I cannot even play any music from my saved lists. All I can hear is a 15sec nightmare of awful music quality. I have cancelled my subscription and unlinking from other apps. I am finding another music streaming provider. Good riddance. Blurgh.,6 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1346,Jeremy Cassell-Metzner,"December 17, 2022","Just wanted to update and say that I love this app when it works properly, as of the most recent update 8.7.92.521 on my note 20 ultra the scroll bar is working!!! It's been an on and off issue but happy to see it working again. There's a few things the other streaming apps are just missing, alot of ease of use things that spotify has that just makes it the better app imo.",11 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1347,Vanessa Li,"December 11, 2022","The only thing that keeps me here is the amount of playlists I have on this app(200+). I dispise the lack of flexibility(previewing songs and songs in artist playlists) when it comes to finding new songs on the mobile app. Which perplexed me as some current updates were good,but the past versions of the app had that flexibility. The amount of ads you get without premium these days really forces you mentally to head towards getting premium(8+ 15s ads/hr).",0,3,spotify
1348,Mike Hame,"December 26, 2022","Spotify keeps forgetting my list, what I was playing as soon as I exit app. I have to add albums, songs in the list all over again. This wasn't happening before! UPDATE: I'm dropping one more star because you did nothing regarding this problem! FIX: It seems like you fixed this, good job! Although I still have same problem on my PC and Laptop. But it's working for android nicely now.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1349,Snorcx,"January 12, 2023","Amazing app and if you get premium you get to listen to music without wifi and get unlimited skips! 100% recommend downloading. If you're like me and don't have Spotify premium all the time, you still get a few skips every hour. You do get ads after a few songs and get 30 minutes of uninterrupted listening time-to-time.",0,5,spotify
1350,Koolbean,"January 31, 2023","Spotify for Android is a true mess. The startup time for the app is unreasonably long as well as any other time you click on something and have to constantly wait for it to load. The app also looks bad with its lack of animations and swipe controls making it inconvenient to use and sad to look at. I urge anyone using this app to cancel your subscription, use the tunemymusic website, and transfer all of your music to another service until Spotify for android gets its stuff together",228 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1351,Yiravex,"February 13, 2023","Spotify is very mid, you shouldn't have to pay to vibe. If you want a great catalog of music, offline play, and infinite skips for free. I suggest Trebel, it lets you download songs(with internet) and when you are offline or in an airplaine with airplane mode on, you can play those songs that were downloades and.",0,3,spotify
1352,Andrew Salis,"January 14, 2023","It's a great app for music and podcasts. Without premium it's a bit annoying but is fine overall, with no limit to how many songs you can put on a playlist. The adds are not personalized at all, but there's not many ways to personalize them by your genre of music. But it's still really cool for free music.",22 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1353,T Long,"December 3, 2022","I love it, great music, great sound quality, hardly any ads 5/5 :) One thing though, how do I see when a song was made? From the app EDIT: my Spotify wrapped isn't working, it's showing up but when I click on the little slideshow thing it goes way too fast for me to see (like the whole slideshow in 2 secs)",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1354,Eric Kristenson,"December 18, 2022","Pandora was great for a lot of years, didn't mind the commercials. Only started paying when I worked on a farm with bad reception. Then got used to paying for no adds and replay. Recently a friend asked me about Spotify and I finally checked it out. I haven't canceled Pandora, yet. I also haven't paid for Spotify either. Maybe it's a trial, but I'm hooked.",3 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1355,kg,"January 8, 2023","spotify has many flaws. its extremely annoying when im trying to listen to a song, but now the free version is shuffle mode only. cant even play what song i want to because spotify adds their own songs to MY playlist that cant be removed. contsant lag on my phone and freezes up on my laptop. ads are unskippable. both mobile and pc version are not worth it at all. only 6 song skips per hour on free version. money grab & greedy nowadays. find something else to use.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1356,Rimpy Sharma,"December 4, 2022","Spotify is a awesome app I have been using it for 3 years now it's a amazing app to listen to music on, although it doesn't work without wifi or data so it's like most apps. Also it has a lot of adds and if you don't want adds you have to pay. If you want to listen to a song and you search it up mostly it takes you to a Playlist that has the song in it but you have to listen to 3 or 2 songs before you hear the one you wanted to hear but only sometimes not always",360 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1357,madoka,"December 13, 2022","very buggy right now, i have this problem where i press play on a song, exit the app, go do whatever it is im doing on my phone like texting my friends or drawing, and all of a sudden, after the song is finished, i expect the next song in my playlist to start playing but it just stops! And everytime that happens i try to click the ""play"" button to start the playlist and it wont work. Its so annoying. Please fix it",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1358,Planet FeFe (Felicia),"December 13, 2022",Most recent update made my app glitch. It will play fine for a few songs but then it stops. You click on it and there's nothing but a blank disk with no music. I know it's not my playlists because they are over 11 hours of music on average. Please fix this. I use your app constantly,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1359,Scooby Doo,"January 24, 2023",I can admire the individuals working on bugs daily. They'll fix one thing and 5 other things get messed up. Constant bugs. I would appreciate being able to play my downloaded music at any given time with the Music Enhance feature on. I shouldn't require 10G cellular internet to play a downloaded song because Enhance is turned on. I have nearly 100mbps download speeds and approximately 18mbps in upload. I am positive I have good internet. Just ruins the premium user experience man,8 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1360,Dusty,"January 31, 2023","I do use Spotify alot for listening to muisic . If my memory serves me right I remember using Spotify free was alot better than it is today . You used to only get ads . No 6 skips per hour or any of that new stuff . Now I find it totally unusable as it adds to my play list , won't let me listen to a specific song in a playlist etc. I do love Spotify buy would HIGHLY recommend purchasing premium if you are in the position to do so .",0,3,spotify
1361,Miranda Hamming,"February 1, 2023","Everytime I use my Spotify on my TV I end up deleting songs while trying to create a queue list coz instead of staying on the add to queue button, as soon as I have added the song 2 queue, it moves my curser to the love heart which is the like button and I press the button too quick and it deletes the song. If I don't take note of the next song and it gets deleted it's gone for good until I remember or want to play the song. Please change the set up of app. Maybe ask to confirm unliking the song",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1362,Christopher Martin,"January 3, 2023",Stop forcing Spotify to auto play in my car! I have to disable background playing just to avoid music blasting every time the car starts. That defeats the purpose of Spotify because then you can't even look at a map or even turn your screen off if when you DO want to play music in the car! This is either due to poor programing (not likely) or a bad business decision based on something like increased user activity or engagement (forced). Misleading metrics for less customer satisfaction.,11 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1363,Madeline Carboy,"December 10, 2022","I just started having the issue that many of the recent reviews have mentioned. The app will randomly ""freeze"" on a song I'm listening to, and the entire playlist that song is in becomes unusable until I play a different playlist first. Fix this issue and I will give a much higher rating.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1364,Ed Budz,"January 31, 2023","Reliability, interface, and support. Huge catalog, and fewer dropouts than with other streaming services (though I don't have a wired connection to internet with my streamer). However, at this time Spotify does not have high resolution audio, only CD quality. Amazon Prime for example, does offer higher resolution at about the same price per month.",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1365,Genesis Aquino,"January 7, 2023","This app makes playing music convenient both online and offline. I used to have an MP3 player on my phone and download my music from a browser, but now I much more prefer to download my music on Spotify, because the music this app provides is very good quality, it's easy to use, and you can organize your selected songs.",23 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1366,Aidan Moua,"December 29, 2022","I search up and song and choose it but it brings me to a different song and starts playing. I can't choose which song to play in my playlists anymore, the order of my songs in my playlists are all mixed up. I can't rewind songs or fast forward them and there's now a limit to how many songs you can skip? Where the hell did all these limitations come from?",0,1,spotify
1367,Alyssa L,"December 14, 2022","This is an awesome app for music. Large selection and great format. BUT there's the ADS. They are awful. It started out with hardly any, and now you can't get through 3 songs without an ad. The ads are 30 seconds long, 3 or 4 in a row. I said if it didn't get better, I was deleting it. Today I downloaded the app my entire family uses and im not looking back. I loved how easy spotify was to use but the ad ratio is honestly becoming like 1/3 ads and 2/3 music. Going to miss the app overall though.",202 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1368,Robert Grosso,"December 4, 2022","App offline mode got better after an update. Still missing features that make searching for music hard. No breadcrumb trail to look back at places you have navigated in the past. edit: a feature was added to add playlists to other playlists which is helpful, but you still can't search by music label. edit: taking away another star because operation between phone app and desktop app is terrible. desktop app plays hidden songs and doesnt have option to hide songs",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1369,Gordon Thompson,"January 26, 2023","If you don't have Premium, a few songs are repeated to make you get Premium. Unfortunately it doesn't work with me. I am more than happy with basic Spotify. It's brilliant. Oh and sometimes you take off the shuffle when shuffle is selected. Again, a minor irritation. Spotify is brilliant. I wouldn't be without it",4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1370,Bailey Francis,"January 24, 2023","Been using the group session for ages. Suddenly it stops working. I can only join and listen on my phone instead of sharing control of the speaker. What I hear and what my friend plays are completely different defeating the purpose of the group session anyway, and half the time it won't let me join and tries to tell me I need spotify premium to use the feature which would be fine except I HAVE spotify premium 😑",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1371,Chelsea Neish,"January 2, 2023","God awful. Spotify only gives you 6 skips which I find makes no sense, what would be the point in being limited to switch over songs?? And the shuffling is annoying and unclear, I had to look up multiple YouTube videos just to understand how to use this app. The music is all there but honestly this may just be a waste of time, I'd just stick to YouTube unless they fix this and stop being greedy.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1372,Scotty Stossel,"January 15, 2023","I love Spotify as a service, but this is horrible for how badly this app performs. For years, every ~20 minutes the app stops while playing music. This has persisted across Android phones. Doesn't happen on ios, pc, Mac, or even my smart TV, only on the android app. Recently, it's gotten to the point where it can't make it through more than one song without stopping. Not a headphone issue, this happens when I'm using my phone's speakers too. Ready to buy an iPhone at this point. Please fix this.",29 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1373,Harry R,"January 12, 2023","Sick to death of the terrible shuffle function. I know it's meant to be a ""smart shuffle"" that plays more of what you like, but please give us the option to turn it off and just *actually* shuffle our music. When shuffling a huge playlist, regularly plays the same song 2 or 3 times per hour. Yesterday it played the same song *four times in a row*. And if that wasn't enough, today played *the same song* four times in a row. Again?? How hard is to implement a functional shuffle button...",0,1,spotify
1374,runescapay,"January 31, 2023","Doesn't work in Airplane Mode. I'll download a podcast to listen to while in Airplane mode and it won't play. It will stuffle to load my downloads in Airplane mode, which is odd because they are downloaded so what is to load? Then when it finally shows you your downloads they won't play once selected. The work around is to play it and then put it in airplane mode which kind of defeats the purpose.",0,2,spotify
1375,Chevelle,"February 19, 2023",This i s a very good app and very easy to use. Some of the play list seem to be the same songs and when you put in the type of music you wa no ma hear they don't see to match your request so they cou all d do a bit of work on make some of them a bit better but overall pretty good.,0,5,spotify
1376,Brandon N,"December 29, 2022","So don't waste your time unless you're a student. ""Ad-Free"" means absolutely ZIP if you listen to podcasts. Their own in house podcasts play 3 ads before every episode, and 3 ads TWICE every episode as unskipable pop ups. If it was recorded into the audio then that's one thing. But they've actively gone out of their way to make the ads as pop ups in their own app. The second I'm no longer a student and getting the Hulu/showtime bundle I'm getting the app cracked. Not worth a penny.",0,1,spotify
1377,Eugene Marais Swart,"December 14, 2022","Love Spotify, I always have music on. Since the last update, the music won't fade anymore, or stops after 3 songs and starts again with the same 3 songs. I've checked my plan and I'm up to date. I've also checked data saver which is disabled. What else can be the problem?",3 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1378,Kari Suomenniemi,"January 27, 2023","There's a strange lag in the player beween start of music and progress bar. Does not affect listening but usually small cheap to solve ones get more difficult and more expensive with time. Nip the bud! Never stop to get surprised with new function's and features appearing, the best team among appdev's! Premium at highest level. Thank you.",10 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1379,Alan Whitsitt,"February 4, 2023","Love the functionality of this app. Easy to find podcasts/music. Make playlists, save liked songs to own playlist, etc. However, I'm so SICK of the electric vehicle agenda being pushed on me! If I have to hear an ad for electric vehicles (false ads BTW), I'm going to lose it! An EV ad every 5-10 minutes is way too much! I'm not going to be convinced they're great WHEN THEY AREN'T! PLUS, IDK how they are doing it, but pedophiles are using this app. like a porn site. Do better Spotify!",44 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1380,suip logistics,"February 12, 2023","It's so precise and accurate in the selection process, research process that has been under gone must have been massive, time consuming but all music was put on my bed, dining table, all my walkways. Most liked arrangement created in the Spotify, is to allow me create my own list of songs that i have liked which makes me feel i own Spotify much. Thank you Spotify am so grateful always. Stay well.",0,5,spotify
1381,Andrew Fisher,"February 16, 2023","This is just a good app overall. I can listen to almost any song I want to for free, but there is a catch. There is an ad from every song to every five songs you listen to in a row. But every so often you get to listen ad-free for 30 minutes, which I like since that's usually how long I listen for. There's not much else to say about this app. I love it!",0,5,spotify
1382,Bevanne Locsin,"January 16, 2023","Starting last year update, whenever I do play the music and pause for a while or an hour it suddenly stops and does not exist below the song that I do paused for an hour not like before where I can still see it after going back and open my spotify. It also does not already continuing playing all the songs in my playlist and you need to replay it unlike before where you can play it continuously whether morning or at night and you did not replay it before. Please fix it immediately. thanks.",98 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1383,Erika S,"December 8, 2022",Recently my Spotify keeps cutting out constantly and it blows. Idk if it's the update or what. Guess I'll reinstall but it's really obnoxious. Also I have 90 hours of music in my playlist and it barely plays any of the songs on shuffle and just keeps repeating them. Just like the radio stations..it's like they are pushing songs on you..not happy with those things rn.,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1384,Zack Frenkel,"December 10, 2022","Terrible UI, good library. Won't show the right song on my car stereo. No fix available online. Desktop app doesn't have same functionality as android (can't block artists or unblock them). Auto queue is more repetitive than my senile grandpa. Music won't pause correctly when playing other media, like a video. These app developers are lazy, they're coasting by on the size of their library.",0,2,spotify
1385,Ahmd Msa,"December 15, 2022","This app was great! Before the last update which made it Horrible !! Even a ""skip/next"" button is based on money to be paid evrey 6 clicks/hour 🤦🤦no way guys it's so disgusting now , can't even create a playlist without being stuck with lots of bad ways to show the music list!! + can't surf through the track!! Why ??! Uninstalling .....",0,1,spotify
1386,Chloe L,"December 11, 2022","I cant view playlists that are not owned by me and albums with my free account. I cant play my daily mix like i used to. Daily mix is supposed to be unlimited skips and allow you to choose songs freely. I know after 10 or so listens it goes to shuffle but this problem could be solved by logging out and logging to my app but now after every ad, it goes to shuffle and i cant fix it. I have to delete and reinstall the app to make it work but after a while the problem happens again.",0,2,spotify
1387,Marek,"December 25, 2022","I love spotify, I've used premium for years, but I'm leaving this review because they added a new feature of ""Smart Shuffle"" and I want a way to disable it. I use one large 1000+ song playlist, and sometimes when I want to reshuffle it, I unshuffle and reshuffle it, but now with smart shuffle it adds songs to the shuffle and doesn't get rid of them in the queue. Kind of annoying",0,4,spotify
1388,K-pop Fan,"January 18, 2023","Great app, only issue is that when I try to open it on my phone it will be stuck on the startup kinda logo screen and I need to either force stop or pause the app (which it takes a few minutes to respond to) to get it to open normally. Also, one of my local files doesn't show up in my liked songs even though I have it liked but I can still play it if I go to my local files playlist thing.",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1389,Hayley Ho,"January 31, 2023","frustrating waste of money. I had been a paid subscriber of premium for years, but the app keeps randomly crashing and I can't even finish listening to one song even if I try for 10 minutes straight. I talked to support about it back when I was paying but now I've given up as there is no solution and I'm tired of wasting my money on an app that doesn't work",0,1,spotify
1390,Michael Dix,"December 12, 2022","Recently, the player has been disappearing. So, I can't just hit play and listen from where I left off. I cleared the cache and forced stop, and it still isn't working. I'd have to select a new song from a playlist to begin playing music again. Happens frequently on the Spotify app for Android Auto, as well. Instead of a play (▶️) or pause (⏸️) symbol, it just has a stop (⏹️) symbol for which clicking does nothing",0,4,spotify
1391,J Enns,"January 27, 2023",Shuffle is broken. I often have to play another playlist and go back to the one I want for it to work. Shuffle will often repeat when I'm on a long playlist. So I only hear a tenth of the songs. Other than love premium and what it enables me to do. Hope they fix shuffle soon. Its plagued me for far too long.,0,2,spotify
1392,pooyan mousavizadeh,"December 4, 2022","I don't know what happened to this app!!! Eveytime i wanna do something, it stops working. I download a picture, it stops working. I open another app, it stops working. I wanna listen to music while i play a game, impossible. Every 2 minutes i have to leave the game and replay the song and come back. Even when i lock or unlock my phone, the app stops working!!!!!!",14 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1393,Alyssa Dodson,"January 12, 2023","Easy to use app, I enjoy the end of the year wrap ups. The recommendations they give are always spot on. I like that you can shuffle and have Spotify add in songs they think you will like and it is also spot on. I use this app everyday, all my favorite podcasts are on here, I use the duo plan and I like the price. I love that the songs have the lyrics to.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1394,Blank,"February 3, 2023","I love Spotify! I have using this app since 2021. But every 30 minutes there is going to be ads. But there is no problem. There is podcasts, songs. Learn about your favorite music artist. Look at what songs there most popular are. You can also make you own playlist. There many genres music that can offer. And the best part is all for free! Would recommend.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1395,Luciana Gigliotti,"January 2, 2023","On the tip of uninstalling The only reason I still have this app is to listen to podcasts I like. I used to love this app until the new update. The amount of adds is annoying. There is one after EVERY SONG. a lot of people use Spotify so why so many adds you don't need? Second, you can only skip 6 songs per hour. Maybe I just never noticed but I think this is something new to get more people to buy premium. I would add more but I ran out of room. Anyways this app sucks if you want music.",16 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1396,Mphotle Marokane,"February 6, 2023","Consider offering a student plan in South Africa. I recently moved to YouTube music and I've actually came to like it better than Spotify however if it wasn't for spotify not having a student plan, I wouldn't have looked for an alternative in the first place and would probably still be using Spotify Premium. EDIT: Thanks for the student plan...been back on spotify for almost a yr now and I'm loving it.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1397,Lena Predić,"December 19, 2022","I don't know what's changed, but for the last while the app simply stops playing music and responding randomly. I also have the idea that even in a 9 hour long playlist I just hear the same ten songs over and over. That's a terrible experience for something I'm actively paying for.",11 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1398,bluehair5511,"December 7, 2022","This new update is absolute garbage! :] Cant click into playlists like my discover weekly to see what's in it, can't edit my own playlists easily anymore, everything looks different, and it's even harder to navigate! Gotta love it. I want the older version back, at least I could make sense of this I'm so upset",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1399,Savagecabbage 97,"December 30, 2022","Way too glitchy, I open it and it's very slow and doesn't show controls for some reason, but all my songs were downloaded, so I deleted the app and got it back then it worked, I had to download my songs again but I didn't mind that, so i was downloading my songs around night time, they were all downloaded and I check just to be safe, every single one was downloaded. Went to bed and woke up, then I had to download again, why did it just act like it didn't download in the first place",9 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1400,Gregory Fahey,"December 11, 2022",25 years ago Winamp was released. Somehow it could keep a catalogue of downloaded tracks without losing it halfway through playing. Somehow it could shuffle a playlist and keep on playing without aborting halfway through. Somehow it managed to not get confused about which client was playing on an account. It did all of this for free. This overengineered SUBSCRIPTION service trash cannot. You'd have to wonder how after 25 years you've made mp3 players worse in every possible way.,3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1401,Rachel Brod,"January 21, 2023","I like the app but the update that changed the UI of the current song playing is pure garbage. I swear at this point the changes are just to keep your UI/UX Designer employed. ""If it's not broken, don't fix it."" Why tf would I want the artist and song title tiny at the top and the share icon forcefully put in the middle?? I doubt more users are looking to share the song than to first see who the artist or song title is. You had it right before. Don't ruin a good thing.",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1402,Jacob S,"December 16, 2022","The most recent update left a few annoying glitches. The main one being if I ever pause a song and click out of the app, the currently playing playlist glitches and doesn't play passed the last song played. That is unless you click on an individual song in the Playlist or play a different Playlist altogether :( It's been fixed",0,4,spotify
1403,G H,"January 10, 2023","Last few months have brought problems. Random mode on playlist constantly plays the same songs. I'll listen in the car, get out, start second drive and it will play the songs that played during 1st trip! Not just a 1 time occurrence. Happens every day. 2. Use to be that you could be on the song page, then ""Add song to playlist"" and it would return to song playing after add, but now returns to playlist view. Even if you back out of Add. 3. Still a pane to remove current playing song from playlis",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1404,Victoray Coronado,"January 14, 2023","This is a great app, love streaming my music here, and haven't had many issues until now. I start playing my music, and then after a few seconds, it stops. It happens for any playlist, and I already reinstalled, deleted cache, but it still has that issue. Now I can't use it.",6 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1405,Johnny Turnbow,"January 1, 2023","Downloaded the app to replace the current music app I'm using, spotify turns itself on randomly and if you close the app it stays running in the background. There is a button under settings that is suppose to turn that off. Reset my phone haven't used the app since restarting my phone only to hear spotify turned back on later and started playing. I've read other reviews that are having the same problem, and leaving the app. So I will be giving pandora a try.",0,1,spotify
1406,Ashton Davis,"January 18, 2023",I give this app a 3.4 because sometimes when I try to play my playlist that I made on spotify it only plays songs that are suggested for me and not the actual playlist. Spotify yall need to fix this because it is very annoying. Also sometimes the 6 skips per hour doesn't work and I have to wait 3 hours to get 6 skips again. Please fix these issues.,0,3,spotify
1407,Stan Ware,"January 22, 2023","Spotify is an awesome Music app. I really enjoy the availability of all the channels that you can select with different genres. What's also cool about spotify is that you can have your own personal stations. If you are a music producer or artist, You can easily download your own music to spotify and start your own station with your own music. Spotify has many features that are easily available. I highly recommend spotify to anyone and everyone who listens to music.",9 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1408,--,"December 23, 2022","The worst software I pay for. Lots of broken functionality. Trying to listen offline leads to perpetual loading then restarting the app makes it hang requiring a phone restart. Action panel with play, pause etc buttons disappears every time I use the app and requires app restart to fix. Play shuffle doesn't work. App is bloated and slow to open. Home page is cluttered. Unable to remove Podcast notifications from a podcast I listened to once. Not OK for subscription. Ffs Spotify, fix the issues.",8 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1409,Mike Curtis,"January 5, 2023","Good app, terrible service and customer service. Signed up for a 3 month free trial that expired after only 2 weeks. Tried to get it figured out with support just to be told of there's no record of me ever having s premium account, and then proceeded to give me the runsround for 3 whole hours with no resolution. Take your business elsewhere. If something goes wrong their reps scramble and have no idea how to resolve issues.",0,1,spotify
1410,Isaac Rogge,"January 19, 2023","Spotify work perfectly, but now all the sudden, after I finish a playlist, it skips to a random song by random artists, and won't let me play the playlist. I was playing at a restart. I tried restarting my phone and doing a bunch of other stuff, and none of it worked, it would can't just continuously play random songs, and won't let me go back to the playlist that I made it, won't let me edit it, it won't let me do anything, It used to be good.",0,1,spotify
1411,Austin Bronner,"February 2, 2023","Honestly, They have just made spotify worse over the years. Been using it forever and was able to play the songs I want when I wanted, Now they made ""On Demand"" Listening a premium feature. So good luck actually playing your favorite song in your playlist, or even searching for it since thats shuffed too now. They just made Premium a must have to use this app properly, which just sucks when other apps have the same features without a paywall. So Im just done using this, Just use Youtube Music",0,1,spotify
1412,miau miau,"January 10, 2023","I was happily using version 8.5.3.716 but it got a random re skin and I couldn't make it go away even when re installing. I'm hating having to use the updated interface that forces users to follow every artists of every song they've like if they want them to pop on the artist tab, and even then it takes you to the artist page and THEN you can access your liked songs from that artist, it makes NO SENSE. 2019 was the last time Spotify had a usable interface, I'm hating every second of this",0,1,spotify
1413,Other Bishop,"December 5, 2022","The ""now playing"" bar being missing from the latest update is pretty widely reported on by now, so I don't think I have to say much on that. But it's very irritating, only thing that fixes it for me is force closing the app and 50% of the time it restarts with the bar back. If not I just repeat until it does.",8 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1414,henry jay,"February 4, 2023","This is by far the best music streaming app I've ever come across, easy to set up, easy to use. The most interesting feature is the live syncing. I'll have my soundbar wirelessly connected to my smart TV playing a song, and then I get to control from my phone.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1415,Yυι Nαɴαѕe,"December 24, 2022","I've been having some issues with the app lately. In the past i can play it while operating another app, but now i can't (for some reason the music stops suddenly) . And when i pause it, it starts from the beginning of the song. And this happens repeatedly. I hope you guys can fix this issue, Thank you.",90 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1416,Damian Knapp,"December 10, 2022","Great app that once you pay a little bit per month you have zero adverts. Heck, it's so good to have an app that doesn't ram advertising down your throat that it's worth it on that premise alone. I also enjoy the shared playlists and collaboration you can get as well as wrapped playlists from Spotify. One thing missing is analytics, I'm a massive nerd so would love over analysing my Spotify account. That's just me though.",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1417,RAWisRYAN,"December 8, 2022","I love the app, always listening to it, but in recent updates its removed the option to organize my playlist by alphabetical order (or im dumb and can't find it) i always had it listed in order so i could find the songs i want faster and easier. You can manually move them in order but its way to tedious to organize 300+ songs one by one. Literally my only problem with the app.",10 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1418,Matty B (Briggzy),"January 21, 2023","In edit playlist, when scrolling list trying to move tracks (even without touching screen) it jumps back to the top of list so I can't change track order/keep losing place. In low coverage areas (common in remote/rural Australia/farm locations) the main page will get stuck in a loading loop, sometimes downloaded songs will stop playing and fail to restart, or songs in downloaded lists will get greyed out. Needs auto-offline mode or ask switch after a certain amount of time of no service.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1419,Sean K,"January 12, 2023",Random is not random at all. I would love it if they were better integration to download music to your watch from the phone app. The app doesn't run very quickly on a watch and navigating is difficult. Catalog is good and I like how playlists are made.,0,2,spotify
1420,Burt Demon,"February 8, 2023",-edit : at this point it's basically add ware! This has been my favorite music app for forever but now all I listen to are God fricken ADS I listen to 2 or even 1 song and then get maybe 6 to 4 minutes in literal ads so in a half an hour I hear 20 or more adds no matter what I try it just keeps playing I listen to this on my way to work and most of the way it's literally ADS it's so frustrating I might as well be listening on YouTube at this point instead so I cannot recommended!,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1421,Mike Wells,"January 18, 2023","app is glitchy and slow, poorly written for consoles, shuffle plays the same songs always and likes to get stuck in a loop of those same songs. the green cirlce of death fills me with joy. Their one and only fix is to delete and reinstall which doesn't fix anything. If netflix can load in a timley fashion and play without any glitches why can't spotify?? A lot of poor reviews on this app, all are correct and not one single response from Spotify",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1422,kitkat7005 kitten,"December 14, 2022","I love this app but ut as a serious bug right now. The music will not play (from the playlist I'm currently listening to) until I press in a new playlist then go back to the orginal playlist I was listening to. It has been doing this since the recent update (Dec 5th 2022), if it weren't for that one major bug I would give you guys 5 stars. Please fix this :(",0,1,spotify
1423,Dylan,"January 26, 2023","I recently dropped Premium to save some cash, and since then, I've had nothing but issues with spotify. Unable to play anything or listen to one song, then have 3 ads. I understand it's free and all, but come on. Rather listen to music on YouTube at this point. What a disappointment.",0,2,spotify
1424,Nathan Onselaer,"December 4, 2022","It has been MONTHS since I have last seen Spotify work properly, the app is struggling to load the home page for minutes each time I open it, sometimes it won't load it at all and tell me I'm offline whereas I am not. That sucks. Same to load the ""..."" menu, several minutes just to add a song to a playlist? Nonsense. LAST UPDATE: Things are getting even worse, what are you doing Spotify? How are you the only app I pay and yet the one that works the less?",36 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1425,Red Sector,"December 15, 2022","Used to love this app, stopped using it in 2020, came back and its gone downhill. Free version is unusable. You cant make a playlist because you cant add songs from artist profiles or other plalists, 2 mins of ads every 2 songs. They have completely made it impossible to use the free version of the app. Unless you are willing to pay the $20 a month for premium dont bother installing. Use a native alternitive like apple music or just download your music",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1426,Marco Van Der Bank,"January 7, 2023","Tried upgrading to premium, kept getting a payment failed error. Contacted customer support. Customer support ""sorry but you tried premium for 1 hour a year ago before you terminated your account so now on your new account you have to buy the prepaid plan to continue. (Which is 10% more expensive per month and I will need to buy vouchers to pay for it instead of using my card). I'd rather just delete the app and use an alternative because that is just ridiculous.",0,1,spotify
1427,JP the traveling and restaurant critic,"December 29, 2022","They lied. You can't ""download"" anything into your phone even with premium. They download into the app. App itself has bugs. Pop up says it was playing and I couldn't stop the program. When I tried playing my other downloaded songs, Spotify popped up and tried playing the song. What happens in the app when I cancel,we'll see 😎 Update. Don't d/l this app. It's a rip When you cancel you can't play your downloaded songs offline. DONT D/LOAD 5GBwasted space. I thought I was paying to d/l songs.not!",0,1,spotify
1428,Dee Mishido,"January 15, 2023","I'm a free member with Spotify. Now I've had my differences with them for what seems like ads droning on too much. But I think they have a sneaky algorithm...just when you seem to get irritated or distracted they hit you up with a long and timely spell of your favorite hits or your favorites on a playlist. I really enjoy making playlists when I'm going through something. Spotify ""gets"" my vibe, and I appreciate that.",13 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1429,Riley Cummins,"January 12, 2023","I would rate it a 5, but the recant update ruwind it is the not skiping song, and I can't go on my playlist for some reason and change songs. Also, not going back to one wasn't a smart choice, and the ads every 2 songs are really annoying, but uther than that one update, it is awesome, well, bone.",0,4,spotify
1430,S Martini,"December 31, 2022",Constantly having stuttering or glitching issues on all my devices. Have Uninstalled and tried every fix I can possible. 6 years of paying for premium just for me to suddenly in the past 2 weeks not be able to use it!!!!!!!!!! I use it at work so now I'm having to find something else if this isn't fixed soon.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1431,Kirsten Abby Salcedo,"February 7, 2023","I love Spotify but ever since the update I can't pick a single song anymore it says that I have to get premium, the skips have also been limited to 8 skips and it annoys me when a song comes up and I'm not in the mood for the song I can't skip anymore because I have already skipped 8 times. I don't usually do reviews but the update has been bugging me lately.",30 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1432,Félix-Antoine Gravel,"January 14, 2023","Fun and exciting new bugs every week! I recently turned my Premium account into a family account, and new bugs have started affecting everyone involved ever since (Android users). Problems with offline mode, problems with mobile data usage, etc. Phone software is up to date, app is up to date, app has been uninstalled and reinstalled, cache has been cleared, phone has been restarted, etc. I am not getting what I pay for.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1433,Brandon Triolo,"February 10, 2023","This application offers the only instance of and algorithm I'm not annoyed with. It's almost charming how shuffling the liked songs seemingly always pushes my favorite songs to the front of the supposedly random we queue. It really knows me. The plethora of playlists for every mood setting or genre did a great deal to diversify my taste, and for that I sincerely thank you. For every dev who spend countless hours coding and programing I know it can be thankless work at times but just know I love",0,5,spotify
1434,Trinia Oliver,"January 27, 2023","A really good app, except there are far too many ads between songs now. There used to be the option to watch an ad and get 30 minutes of nonstop listening music but it's since disappeared. Wish they will bring that back. Also, the option to not repeat or go or select certain songs while on mobile (where you're just crossing your fingers and hoping the song you want comes up) is a premium perk, I know, but that fact still sucks",18 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1435,Katie-mae organ,"December 12, 2022","The moment my subscription was up and I opened Spotify to play music from one of my play lists and it wouldn't play. No matter how many times I pressed the play button or went to different lists it still won't play. When I canceled my subscription I said I would sign up for Spotify again but because of this honestly I'll never pay for your app again. I can't listen to music using this app at all now, it just doesn't work.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1436,Jess L,"December 26, 2022","After the latest software update, there's been an annoying change. I have up to 5 Spotify Media Control notifications in one shade/panel/whatever you call it. I find it annoying because I want and need only one! That's for the device I'm listening through at that time. I have 1 notification for being connected to 1 set of ear buds, 1 for another, 1 for being connected to my car, and 2 for the device alone. Please change this so it returns to being simplified!",38 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1437,Danika Bailey,"January 1, 2023","Spotify was really good for music. Until it wasn't. The latest update of which changed the entire playlist-changing format sucks and was better before. AND I've tried listening to my spotify playlists, yet the app has not played ANY OF THE SONGS ON IT and is instead playing songs I've either said to not play the artist or nothing similar to my music taste.",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1438,Padraic McNamara,"December 28, 2022",The app itself isn't the problem but there is this extremely frustrating feature where it adds random songs to your playlist that were not added by you. They do this to force you to pay for premium so you can skip the random songs they added. I looked up how to turn it off and it seems they have removed the ability to do so which just ruins the app. I used to love Spotify but now when you make a playlist there is a place for the songs you added and the ones they added with our your permission.,19 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1439,A n j a,"January 17, 2023","the new update where you cant pre-listen to mysic in you playlist or when adding songs to your playlist is so unpractical, annoying and I hate it so much. It has ruined the app for me as I sometimes don't remember what the songs sound like and would like to listen to the 15s or so of the song before I decide to add it to my playlist. Please spotify remove this feature and bring back the old features where the playlists looked normal and you could pre-listen to music!!",0,1,spotify
1440,elizabeth something,"December 14, 2022","This last update is a nightmare. Just like another reviewer said, after the first song the playlist stops. You have to physically go into the app in order to get music playing again. Also, it does not continue where it left off in the playlist. These issues didn't exist before the most recent update.",0,1,spotify
1441,Liz Lopez,"January 15, 2023","Newer phone now, but making my playlists offline is a hassle, and so is the fact that I have to have playlist for android & pc...when the local files are all the same. Also on Android, it NEVER keeps my offline playlist. Every time I open it a whole chunk of it ain't offline, even tho I JUST MADE IT ALL OFFLINE! Other then that it's a fun way to binge an artist.",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1442,Todd Zeigler,"January 29, 2023","Sunday morning, 2 songs followed by 5 commercials over and over...sucks. I own a lot of good music already...spotify ruins a potential good experience over greed for money. It's America, we still have other choices left...CD's on a decent player setup sounds so much better anyway...and it can randomize too. Radio is free and may have less commercials.",0,1,spotify
1443,De Luu,"December 15, 2022",My Spotify isn't performing regularly or correctly. It will play a song or a handful of songs and then just stop working. I would have to close and restart the app. Select a different playlist for it to play and then go back to the one I was originally listening to. This method works about 40% of the time.,0,1,spotify
1444,Chris D,"December 2, 2022","Spotify is too well established to be so buggy. Doesn't sync when playing music on another device logged into the same account. For example, I hear I song playing through my Windows computer but when I check my phone to see the song name/artist, my phone always shows the previous song and not the current one playing. Very frustrating.",0,2,spotify
1445,Anthony J,"December 29, 2022","So if someone gets in your car & chooses their awful music you don't like, on your Spotify account, how do you remove that? Is there any way to remove songs that come up on a list of recently played after its been played? I have some songs that were selected by accident, that are poisoning my playlist. Well you cant, I tried all the options, so it will keep coming up in your selection until you cancel your subscription, which is what I will probably do if they don't update their app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1446,Edgar Banuelos,"February 8, 2023","The new smart shuffle system is annoying. This means if I want to unshuffle a playlist, I have to wait a few seconds for the smart shuffle to complete putting in some new songs I don't want before I can click it again to unshuffle. As far as I know, there's no way to disable this.",0,4,spotify
1447,Harlan Miracle,"January 6, 2023","The Spotify app is good overall, however the newest update is rather annoying. I can no longer just look at my songs in a playlist I have to edit them, which means I cannot preview the songs or even see the pictures for them anymore, and it's just cluttered now.",0,4,spotify
1448,Guy Ganani,"January 3, 2023","Sometimes plays music. More often fails to connect to the Internet when Internet connection is perfectly strong, fails to play offline songs when it erroneously thinks it has no Internet connection, fails to search or load songs or albums even when it thinks it has Internet connection, and randomly stops emitting any sound while playing a song, until restarted. Most buggy app still on my phone by far.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1449,Jacquelyn Morley,"January 11, 2023","I've been absolutely astounded by this app. It's music choices, it's recommendations, it's personalized playlists every year, the sound quality, the instant bluetooth connection, the spotify premium, the community, the list goes on! It helps a lot if people focus, calm down, and it even helps some people cope the ones they've lost. I don't know what I would do without this music app. This app has made my day better on hundreds of occasions. I am in LOVE with spotify. It's my personal number one.",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1450,Jeremy D. Holden,"January 12, 2023",I have used your app for several years both as a premium user and the free version. Just recently I have had a bad experience using Spotify though. Several times in 1 day your app would drop my device and search and connect itself to a totally different device. I hope you will look into this issue bc I really like using Spotify and don't want to use another service.,3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1451,Michelle Huston,"January 19, 2023","I have never had a problem with the Spotify app until now. As soon as I downloaded it on my new phone, it tried to sign me into a random account. It won't even give me the option to input email and password. It just says ""Google smart lock"" and then an error message no matter how many times I try. I've downloaded and uninstalled the app at least five times. What's the deal??",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1452,Barry Burnside II,"December 10, 2022","Been on subscription for a few years and it has become gradually worse and worse. Plays the same songs everytime you hit shuffle. Crashes or freezez when there is no internet signal. Hearing more commercials on an Ad Free subscription. And more and more of the songs I have fav'ed over the years are ""no longer playable"" (greyed out),... Youtube Music or Apple Music here I come.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1453,Boonotmila _,"December 16, 2022","Honestly, really good app. The only bad thing that ruins the whole entire experience is the 30 second advertisements. I mean, come on, two ads in a row? Just ruins the whole experience of listening to music freely with no interruptions, which is what you literally quote in your ads. Could be greatly imrpoved by at least shortening the adverstisements and limit having two in a row?",0,2,spotify
1454,Caleb Bryant,"January 10, 2023","Probably one of the worst music apps out there if you want good one go somewhere else. Spotify will full on play songs you did pick trying to play a song from your fav game well Spotify will go ""But we think you'll like this song even though you didn't even choose it!"" It's so stupid not to mention it says 30 minutes of uninterrupted songs after an AD. Well 1st it lies caues after I picked a new song it just plays another anyway 2nd it plays another 10 second after the 1st to tell you about it!",0,1,spotify
1455,Johnny Hui,"January 25, 2023","Something happened, it's consuming power continuously in the background. I have to force kill the app to stop it from consuming power. I use the app during my commute and stopped the music when I'm done. Hours later I found the app continue to draw power in the background (30% of phone power in 4 hours doing nothing)",0,1,spotify
1456,Kofi Hanson,"January 11, 2023",Beautiful and simple to use. Also love the quality of music in it. The issues however are that songs I didn't expect to be very censored especially when I look know they're explicit. And that's even after I allow explicit content to play. And final issue has to do with the 2022 wrapped which I wasn't includedi in though I was in the year before that. Hopefully it's resolved this year.,11 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1457,Tommy Tanaka,"January 2, 2023","I love this app. Almost can't live without it since I listen to so much music (spotify wrapped said I listened more than 98% of users which proves my point😅). Then around a week ago, for some reason the app just... stopped playing music. I can't see my playlists. What is going on? I would love if this gets fixed as soon as possible. Thank you",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1458,Cole G,"December 21, 2022","Whoever developed the song picking algorithm needs to fix it. Hark rock playlist shows all the popular bands, but you don't get to listen to them. There's songs with no lyrics, screaming in other playlists that show bands that are far from it. I just re-downloaded spotify and it's about to be deleted again. Wanna listen to an artist? Two ads and seven songs later, you still have to wait.",0,1,spotify
1459,Haydon Puke,"January 20, 2023",I've been a subscriber for 12 year. The random play function has really started annoying me. It plays the same songs. Over and over and over. I know theres an algorithm that dictates what plays depending on what it thinks are my favorite songs but its playing the same songs self fulfilling that its what i like. Please change it. I want to randomly listen to all my liked songs not just 20 or 50.,0,2,spotify
1460,Kheng Wee Lim,"December 5, 2022","Goddamn hopeless to use this app unless you pay for premium.I play a playlist and it adds music that I don't want to listen to. I delete them, more come out. Barely plays the music that 'I' want to listen to. I'm not sure if this is how it's supposed to work, but I think even YouTube premium is better then Spotify right now cos I can at least listen to what 'I' want.",22 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1461,Robot Dog,"December 19, 2022","Usually, I love this app (with premium) but lately everytime something stops my music (ie, opening a game, turning off my Bluetooth, going to YouTube) whenever I resume it, it either doesn't play on certain Bluetooth devices, or will keep playing, but Won't continue the rest of the Playlist and once the song is over it just stops, this is too glaring of a bug and I'm gonna have to switch to YouTube for a while until this is fixed, please fix it soon, thank you",0,2,spotify
1462,Colton Brown,"February 16, 2023","Premium family is great I love the layout and shuffle They removed compatibility with ""older style"" radios to promote their Car Thing. It's a cool device but they don't care about their users, so expect updates that harm you without warning. Have had multiple bugs and issues over the years.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1463,peppermint pepper,"January 18, 2023","This app is honestly great when I want to listen to a podcast/album that I like. The recommendations are honestly on point and have helped me find new favourites with ease! The only thing I really don't like is how it crashes from time-to-time and kicks me off the app. I would love if that problem was fixed. Great app other than that, 4 stars! :)",0,4,spotify
1464,Bruh,"February 10, 2023","I understand you guys need to make money off of free accounts somehow, but it's a bit irritating when you listen to 3 songs then get 5 ad's right after. And most of the time the ad free 30 minutes isn't even 30 minutes. On top of that the app just stops working entirely every now and then. It's a better app, but it's still broken.",0,3,spotify
1465,Vi Le,"February 14, 2023",Problems after problems. Now the app won't even let you select a song. You click on it and it'll skip 3 or 4 songs and then play the 5th song on your list instead of the one you selected. Makes me really want to consider iTunes.,0,1,spotify
1466,Brown Backpack,"January 31, 2023","Based my experiences, the app is nice and very convenient to use. The huge problem is with the free version, which doesn't even play the song you want most of the time. It loses to YouTube Music due to the fewer amount of songs and covers.",0,2,spotify
1467,Eeman Imran,"December 17, 2022","To be frank, I use spotify because I have to and there is no equivalent for my purposes. Ever since the new two updates specifically, the app has been extremely laggy and glitchy. It often deletes my queue without warning for no reason. I am getting increasingly frustrated. These are simple bugs to me fixed. I pay for premium, so it is not a lot to ask that your app action functions correctly.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1468,Shay Tsfoni,"January 29, 2023","App getting worse with new updates. Removing Sleep timer from Connect is a deal breaker for me. I am a heavy Spotify user because it's great for exploring music, but I'm going to disconnect because i can easily find another streaming service that doesn't just remove my favorite features (+has Play Next feature). The best feature Spotify currently has is Spotify Connect, but it's supper buggy and frustrating and now suddenly doesn't have the Sleep Timer feature anymore. Goodbye Spotify",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1469,TyThatGuy,"December 3, 2022","This app wont let you listen to what you want. Literally you'll make a playlist and you just want your songs there, right? NO, that's not what Spotify here thinks! They add over 10 songs to your playlist THAT YOU CAN'T REMOVE, it's the most annoying thing! Also, apparently you have to have PREMIUM TO PICK YOUR SONGS, or else it's in shuffle, unlike the website, this app is extremely bad and I think you should just go to the web version where YOU ACTUALLY HAVE FREEDOM TO LISTEN TO WHAT YOU WANT!!",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1470,Haven Dreher,"December 2, 2022",I hate how they keep messing with features that don't need to be messed with. The shuffle feature sucks now because it doesn't actually shuffle the playlist if it was playing previously. I WANT IT TO SHUFFLE NOT PLAY THE SAME ORDER AS BEFORE. They also took away the amazing 'hey spotify' feature that made it so safe to change music while driving. Shuffle also doesn't play anything except for what you listen to frequently now. I don't wanna listen to that I want my whole playlist to play :/,26 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1471,Faz Ahm,"December 14, 2022","Went bad after the update. When you pause and minimise the screen without closing app, and then get back to the app and start playing, it will play that current song and then totally stop playing. Please do something about it. 95% of the time i listen while riding, so to have to stop just to restart the app is frustrating.",0,3,spotify
1472,COÜLTHARD GANGREL BERSERKER,"January 1, 2023","Why i can't see the tracks/songs of an Album anymore? It just showing some of the content of specific album and when you click ""see more"" where you spect to see the whole Album's content it doesn't work. This Feature still working on PC but mobile. And btw the shuffle is trash. Lol i just realized the feature to see the tracks and see all albums content is NOW A PREMIUM feature 🤦‍♂️🤷‍♂️ well it was fun while using your app, goodbye 👎",0,1,spotify
1473,Rashaan Pacheco,"January 31, 2023","Spotify is truly a great way to discover music and stream, but at the cost all crashes, incorrect song information provided, multiple glitches within third party apps, and a tech support team that doesn't care to fix issues that have been persisting since summer 2020. They are favoring iOS users by giving them features that aren't available to Android users. I have been patient but I definitely recommend other streaming platforms as Spotify doesn't seem to have a grip on their platform anymore.",40 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1474,SkyShine,"February 5, 2023","App gets unstable after a few minutes of play. Unable to change, pause, start, or re-play music. Widget and notification Spotify bar won't budge either and it's got to be the most annoying thing this app has. Canceled my premium membership because it did not feel premium at all.",0,1,spotify
1475,Takudzwa Murwira,"December 16, 2022","Love the app, but I'm giving it one star because I haven't gotten my Spotify Wrapped this year despite receiving the email and listening to a whole lot of music. The people at Spotify have been completely unhelpful to me and a whole bunch of people around the world experiencing this issue. All they are doing is ignoring it or giving invalid excuses. It's been two weeks and there's still nothing.",0,1,spotify
1476,sadman shakib,"December 13, 2022","Everything was fine up until a few days ago. For some reason, whenever go to the next song after playing the lat played oke from nmmy notifications panel, it just stops working and I have to restart the app. The time line circle, idk what it's called, becomes a square. And I have airpods, and whenever I turn on noise canceling, the volume just becomes low. Please fix asap.",44 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1477,Mackie,"December 6, 2022","Firstly, I get an ad to watch for 30 minutes of uninterrupted listening and after 1 or 2 songs, i get another ad. There are WAY too many ads here. I get if you have at least a few because mostly all apps do, but there are TOO many. Adding more ads will not make us buy spotify premium. Secondly, they removed the song preview to listen to a few seconds of the song before we actually play it. Thats just BS and makes me want to quit the app completely.",26 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1478,Jen Parramore,"January 24, 2023",Spotify itself is great. I mean you can listen to your local band's latest album! My complaint is that there appears to be no simple way to reorganize your playlist. Songs have to be added in the order that you want them to be in permanently. Again no simple way to organize playlist.,1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1479,Adrienne Crawford,"February 9, 2023","4/5 because it's a good app, and I'm annoyed of the ads but it's just because I don't have premium. But what really makes it a 4 is that they add random songs to your playlist that are not in the playlist, AND when you try to listen to song, it plays a different song.",0,4,spotify
1480,erxer1,"December 17, 2022",It was quite good up until recently. Now it frequently stops working after a few songs and requires the app to be opened again and the playlist to be selected all over again. No I don't have any battery saving options turned on so it can't be that. No other music app has this issue.,0,2,spotify
1481,JuGoView,"January 7, 2023",It was great until my trial ended. When I try to play certain songs it begins to play nothing near it. My playlists play in shuffle all the time and I can't skip past more than 6. Sometimes I only want to listen to one song but if I want to relax to my own playlist it just ruins the mood.,0,2,spotify
1482,Richard Ellis,"December 9, 2022","HELP...Great app...love it, BUT, im a music teacher and you took away my ability to slow down music by not allowing ""The Amazing Slow Downer"" 3rd party app...i see you have the option to speed up or slow down podcasts. Could you put an option on the music play screen to slow the music down so my students can play along with the songs they are learning?.....PLEASE!!!! Richard Ellis",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1483,Maria Gliati,"January 13, 2023","This app is amazing I really really like it since it has so many song choices to listen to, although there are a lot of times where ads keep multiplying, what I mean is that there are a lot of ads that are at least 1 minute long and it sometimes annoys me but overally 5 stars. Keep up the great work UwU 👉👈",4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1484,Ravi Singh,"December 7, 2022",The app is complete garbage. As soon as the network drops it completely falls over. It should be able to handle bad connectivity if offlline playlists exist. -------------------------------------------------- The only reason I continue to put up with it is because Ur data scientists are doing a phenomenal job with music recommendation. Fire all Ur UI engineers!,0,1,spotify
1485,Robin Ball,"January 22, 2023","I pay for premium family plans so we build custom playlist. Spotify has removed the capability to had playlist shortcut to home screen this extends the amount of time it takes to quickly access various playlist needed for work (dance, yoga, meditation and other studio sessions. I am aware of the ""recently played"" workarounds and find them unacceptable as solutions. Please bring back the add playlist to homescreen feature.",0,2,spotify
1486,Audrey Wimmer,"January 6, 2023","The content and quality of Spotify is amazing! I enjoy the variety of featured media on this app, from audiobooks to podcasts and the various genres of music. In addition, the abilities to download your favorites for offline listening or to create playlists for the optimal choice of songs are great. Overall, I give Spotify a 5 star rating! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐",0,5,spotify
1487,Mark Muller,"December 14, 2022","Last update completely broke the app. I open a playlist hit the play button and nothing happen. I start a song directly and it plays and the player itself turns into a white line with a square on it. No song is shown and the lyrics are from the previous song. Uninstalled, cleared data and reinstalled but the app is still broken. Starting to regret coming back to Spotify. Now using Spotify lite which actually works unlike this app",5 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1488,Shannon Swain,"January 5, 2023","- Stop getting rid of songs that are playable!!!! - I have downloaded songs and they keep saying 'unplayable' the next day - what's the point in all of this?? One of the ridiculous things of this app. Now I am having issue with the genre tab in favourites not working - how can I play favourite tracks, yet genre filter say 'not working'",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1489,Good Sir,"December 20, 2022","I'm a bit annoyed with the latest update. All my customized playlist settings were switched back to the app default and i can't change them. The feature where the app starts playing whatever it thinks you like after your playlist ends is irritating, and i can't stop it from doing that even after adjusting the settings.",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1490,Benny Belanger,"January 23, 2023",From my experience.... I have nothing bad to say about spotify.... I pay for premium monthly and it's nice I can listen to my favorite music even offline without a connection Sometimes certain songs here and there are unavailable for whatever reasons but there is a ton of music here to choose from....from heavy metal to edm its all here. The quality of the music is usually good... the app and desktop are easy to use for newbies. My go to for music period is spotify.,6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1491,ZaBossu,"December 24, 2022","Spotify is a great platform for listening to music, I've been using it for years . . . the website ofcourse and not the app. The website and the desktop app are amazing but they did the mobile app so bad. Whenever you want to listen to a spacific song you can't because it's been turned into a playlist and in shuffle mode of songs that are CLOSE to the song you want but not the actual song and once you do find it you can't keep listening to it because you can't go back or loop it. Spotify why-",0,1,spotify
1492,Charlie George,"December 13, 2022","Great app get lots of music, and i can listen to some great songs, though one problem is the shuffle i realy dislike that. I would love to be able to play one song or another at anytime. Also i don't spend money on apps unless i realy need to so no premium. But all in all great app would recomend. Please fix the app i can't, it's annoying to listen to songs that i didin't add.",0,2,spotify
1493,C I R C U S C L O W N シ,"January 21, 2023","I love this app. I like how whenever the playlist finishes, a bunch of songs related to that playlist come on. It helps me find many different songs I like and stuff like that. And the ads aren't too frequent between the music, although they are a bit long but they go on every like 7 or something songs, it's great even without premium. Also the fact that they have playlists that they made and recommend them to you based off of your music taste is great, this app is a 5 for sure. Thanks you!",9 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1494,derpy penguin,"February 5, 2023","I absolutely adore this app I've had it for about 4 years and I have accumulated an almost 3,000 song playlist and I have been able to download it and listen to it offline with ease. This app makes it extremely easy to be able to download and listen to music and podcasts offline and it doesn't take that much storage. I highly recommend this app for your mainstream music and podcast app.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1495,Lakshya Godara,"January 28, 2023",This app is perfect and undoubtedly the best music app but it lacks something which is pretty basic and that is ROUND CORNERS for album arts. They are very appealing to eyes instead of the square corners. It's a minor change but will pe more effective than anything. I hope you look into this matter.,4 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1496,Rebecca Yeip,"January 8, 2023","The only reason im rating it 4 stars is because you cant play song you want to play on mobile while on laptop you can. On the mobile, it gives you related songs and you dont get to the actual song unless you use a bunch of skips. The only way to get the music you want in this app is if you get premuium. Im not going to pay for somthing when i cant even listen to half of my songs without wifi. This i want fixed but other than that, its a really good app. will update reviw when changes occur",0,4,spotify
1497,Sunny,"December 28, 2022","App ""crashes"" regularly, as in the music just stops playing or rather playing the sound, the display says the music still plays but it doesnt, the song then continues ""playing"" for hours if youd let it. This has been happening a lot recently and its getting really really annoying, the recent update didnt help either.",0,2,spotify
1498,Judyta Tobor,"December 11, 2022","The app keeps refusing to play playlists after a certain amount of songs have played, to counter this I have to play another playlist, which results in another annnoying waitrose xmas advert, before switching back to the playlist I was playing before. The app also pauses songs halfway though their playtime, and I have to listen to them all over again. Also why can't we listen to previews in our playlists anymore??",0,2,spotify
1499,Kevin Rowland,"December 14, 2022","Recently songs on playlists are getting stuck, the song finishes but the time carries on and it doesn't go onto the next song. The only way to get things working again is to go onto a different playlist or podcast. Please fix as this is the first bug I have had with this app which I really like normally.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1500,Holy Cow,"January 8, 2023","Debatebly the worst app to listen to music on. I am trying to listen to let it be by the Beatles, but Spotify decides that instead of playing the song I want, it thinks that I would absolutely love to listen to that's rock 'n' roll by Billie Joe Armstrong, not to mention the fact that if I create a playlist and shuffle the songs, Spotify decides to add another 57 completely unrelated songs to the playlist.",0,1,spotify
1501,Nina,"December 13, 2022","Want a break from the ads? Too bad. Because there's LOTS of them. It says every 30 minutes there is one but that's not true, it's every second song. And for some reason it puts random (unrealed) song in your playlist. NOT EVEN YOURS. Like, I don't want to hear Justin Bieber while listening to Metallica. (true story)",0,3,spotify
1502,leftywhat,"December 30, 2022","- Unable to stop music (only pause) is comical - Auto plays music in android auto is super annoying, having to switch back to radio every time you connect your phone - Shows at the top of the drawer on Android without being able to close it, shouldn't even be set to default. It shouldn't be hard to; - Close the app - Stop music - Not auto start in Android Auto - Get rid of the drawer",0,1,spotify
1503,basquiat,"February 2, 2023","While the free version is mediocre; the paid premium is honestly the bread and butter of the app. downloads, no ads, unlimited skips, amazing sound quality it's everything you need from a music app. While I still prefer YouTube for music ( due to more accessible underground music ) I always finding myself going straight to Spotify if I need to listen to a new album or a playlist for practically anything. While premium is an easy 5 stars from me, the free version is a 1 star",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1504,Richard Hall,"January 8, 2023",Excellent for listening to music from all sorts of genres. You can create playlists and add tracks that are short and long. They also have audio books and other people's playlists. You can download music to listen to offline and you can follow artists and other members if you like their selections per track.,5 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1505,James,"December 11, 2022","Latest update keeps crashing!! Additionally, I am really ticked off about this latest change to this app, I can no longer add my Playlist radio selections in its entirety in one step to another playlist the way I could very recently. Why? Why?? Why???! Spotify is getting ruined, stop the bleeding and unnecessary amputations of critical features(!) thank you for reading.",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1506,NotJayEl,"January 7, 2023","Spotify is slowly dying out due to the fact that they try their best to force users to purchase the premium. Making inconvenience for their users such as their own ad after every song and not able to search and play a specific song (have to click the randomize button). I lose all respect to spotify and switching over to other better app due to the fact that they are doing these inconvenience on purpose! If they played some real ads in between songs, its forgivable. But they just play annoying ad",0,1,spotify
1507,Jordan Hall,"January 2, 2023","It's good if you had premium but because I am unable to, it's so annoying. When I try to listen to my playlists, it adds songs for no reason, plus, there are ads every 2 songs. It's fine because it's the only music platform that still plays outside the app.",0,4,spotify
1508,J R,"January 19, 2023","Doesn't work right, Changing the storage location doesn't always work, Really wish there was a function to keep this stupid app from auto starting. I hate when I'm watching something on YouTube or just listening to something else in general on another app and then when I connect to my car or any Bluetooth device it automatically starts playing this over what I was already listening to",0,1,spotify
1509,Toby 0,"December 10, 2022","Spotify is usually great but recently its just been terrible. It's been glitching so bad to where i have to open and close it just about five times for it to actually work and when i press the play buttons to play one of my playlists, it just striaght up doesn't work. And another thing i dont like is, you used to be able to play a little bit of a song so see what it sounds like first but now you just cant anymore, not even when its already in your playlist. Fix this please.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1510,Sienna Parsons,"January 29, 2023","It was good and helpful before but youve just ruined it now. Why?? You can't rewind, you can't skip more than 6 times, and you can't listen to songs on their own anymore. I got this to replace Deezer thank you very much. And I am not paying for that to get rid of the ads they're not even that big of an issue",0,1,spotify
1511,Stephanie Dubuc,"December 18, 2022","I am on the verdge of just cancelling my subscription at this point. Omg please just make it stop crashing. I've always been subscribed to spotify one way or another, always loved the app, but for christ's sake just fix it. I'm currently streaming my music on YouTube instead. Please just fix this. It makes the app overall useless. It's been *months* now. None of the updates change anything. Just do something. We're a bunch with the same problem.",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1512,eclinvo,"December 29, 2022","Way too many ads, you probably, depending on an average length of 3 minutes, listen to half that time worth of ads as you do for songs. And it's even ads directly from spotify so it's not even compensating them or anyone else it's just pointless. I love everything else, and when I get a job I'll definitely consider premium but the free service is demoralizing.",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1513,Kaahu Leef,"January 26, 2023","So the new update is somehow crashing more. It cannot type the song that I wanna listen, and the loading is frustratingly patient and get a ""Something Went Wrong"" title. I know my internet is working good. I uninstall and reinstall the app but I can't log back in with my email????? Why is Spotify making it lot harder when something doesn't work properly? I'm over they're updates already 😒",78 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1514,Dave Sumner,"February 2, 2023","Okay, so the app was brilliant. But a couple of things that irk me. Why in the latest update has the Play Queue now got a limit on the number of tracks you can add? It didn't before or, if it did, it was huge enough that it seemed unlimited. The other thing that never seems to get resolved. Why can I not play downloaded tracks if I'm not connected to the Internet? Isn't that the point of downloading on the first place?",0,4,spotify
1515,Allison Rich,"December 13, 2022",After the Dec22 update I can't play anything anymore. The play icon changes to pause but no actual music plays. Update also rolled back the easy private mode button which I use everyday ---- Spotify is great but this app is now super buggy. Randomly stops playing and the control bar randomly disappears so you can't start or stop or skip. When the control bar disappears it also stops outputting that data to Bluetooth devices.,3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1516,Ethel Cheng,"December 9, 2022","Dude, how hard is it to add a button that says don't recommend this song in the future? I'm getting so annoyed. Spotify isn't recommending the music I like and I'd like to tweak my own daily mixes so certain songs won't play/get recommended. I'm paying you for the good recommendations, or else I would've just used the default music player.",3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1517,Jenna Liu,"December 10, 2022","I gave it a 4/5 because if you don't have premium you might find it difficult to listen to ads all the time, although I understand why they do that, they are still trying to make money. This app has helped me a lot to expand my music, comfort level and focus on my school work. It's easy to sign in and you can change you password with ease at anytime. I truly recommend this app to anyone that wants to expand their music taste.",5 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1518,Lené Botha,"February 12, 2023","I love spotify, you can get any songs you want, but the problem is that now the new updates is that you have limited skips, you need premium to put shuffle off, you cant skip back just forward and you cant move the white line on the sounds to go back or forward.The new updates are stupid bc it wants us to get premium to use our money just for us to be happy and listen to music, spotify's updates are getting worse and i hate it. Pleeasseee spotify change it to how it was!!",0,2,spotify
1519,midnight,"December 15, 2022","I'm not sure if it's bugs that need fixing but when I listen to a Playlist and the song ends, but doesn't play the next song. It just keeps the screen on the song that just ended. I have to keep stop running the app to I can actually not listen to complete silence after a song ends.",0,3,spotify
1520,Kaunain Khan,"January 14, 2023","This app lags so much and buying premium is always such a hassle because it would charge me but take a very long time to activate it. Especially through the Google Play Store, that was horrendous. Almost wanted to chuck my phone through the window in frustration. But I do appreciate the playlists, especially the ones catered to my taste. I didn't know I had a preference until I went on this app, so that's cool to know.",12 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1521,LowkeyLily Offical,"January 14, 2023","I've been using Spotify for the past 3 years now & lately it just stops my music at random times & doesn't let me listen to certain playlists I made. Now it saying there was an error & try again so I hit the reload button & it's still won't work, the issue isn't my wifi because my phone says I have wifi & full bars so I don't see the issue & this is really getting annoying to me.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1522,Riley Cobb,"January 29, 2023","Yes, i love spotify but the new update ruined it. If i go to the playlist i want it wont play, therefore i have to play a different playlist. It also stops in the middle of a song. Today i was listening to music like a usually would, the song ended but it kept saying it ws playing. At this point its unusable. UPDATE: It was fixed! It is now usable",0,3,spotify
1523,Jay,"December 10, 2022","Put it short, you are forced to listen to a shuffled playlist, there are only 6 skips which is unfair for people who have alot of songs on their playlist, if a song plays that you might not want to listen to at that moment you are practicaly forced to listen to it. Oh and don't think you can click on a song you want to listen to on your playlist, because Spotify will only allow a preview of that song. Most can't aford to buy premium. This app is unfair in my opinion, and they have to fix it. :/",27 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1524,Juliette Deroulede,"January 2, 2023","Best app I ever invested in. It's amazing, love it!!! All my favorite music and podcasts... I can even listen while driving because I can download whatever I want offline. I've been doing research for my historical fiction writing on the way to and from work with the podcasts I downloaded... It's pretty much changed my life 😊",23 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1525,Travis “Pale Emperor”,"December 9, 2022","All other musical apps don't touch Spotify. I remember when Pandora was popular then people switched to Spotify. I hear Apple music is big, but Spotify still exceeds it in some realm. YouTube is big too but exploring Spotify is much more simpler. Overall Spotify continues to impress me with the loads of music(al)/podcast options and the simplicity of navigating. I also enjoy the recommendations it composes based on your listening because I've found multiples of new artists this way. Keep it up!",3 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1526,-Muffin-,"February 14, 2023",Hate the new update. I like that you can still do a lot of stuff with the app but the new update just makes it harder for me to enjoy the app. It forces my music to go on shuffle and the app would force me to buy premium just so That U can listen to my music properly. Im fine listening w/h the ads but the force shuffle is just annoying.,0,2,spotify
1527,Coconut Jim,"January 24, 2023","The new update is abysmal, why would you remove the option to preview songs in your playlist or other people's playlists? Whoever decided this should be sacked. Skips shouldn't be limited when ""recommended"" songs are automatically added to playlists. Before I could tolerate ads, but now they're after every couple songs showing multiple back to back ads shoving premium down your throat when you're just trying to enjoy your playlist. Rather than purchase premium, it pushes me to delete the app.",0,1,spotify
1528,Christian Williams,"December 30, 2022","Amazing app. I use it every day. However it gets a one star because it randomly pauses, I have to turn Bluetooth off and close and reopen to app to get it to work again. It didn't always do this. Just starting within the month or so. I will be deleting this app until the problem gets fixed !!",0,1,spotify
1529,Matt,"December 19, 2022","Downloaded the app, opened it up and tried to sign up. That's as far as I can get. I have two Gmail email accounts and it won't accept either one. Restarted my phone, deleted and reinstalled the app and got the same result. *Update 19 Dec 2022* I'm not sure when the original review was from but it has been working fine for a couple years for me now. Now my complaint is lately I've been getting almost more ads then songs. Went for a 3.5 mile run tonight and never got more 1 song without ads.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1530,Molly Pilling,"December 18, 2022","Great app before the latest update. If you don't have premium you can no longer preview a song in anyway, not even in your personal playlist, to make sure that it is the song you want or a song you'd like. My playlist I use often is now freezing up and won't let me play unless I play another playlist first then go back. The load up time has also become increasingly longer then before. Please fix these mistakes",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1531,Marija Olimp,"December 3, 2022","I've been using the app for 3 months, I've moved to Austria and had no problems until a couple of weeks ago when my premium membership ended, now I can't log into app at all, it says that there is some mistake and I should try later but its been like that for days! I reinstalled the app and still can't log in even with the email link, when I click on it i get messages saying ""Change you location in the settings, you can use Spotify abroud for 14 days"", and then it redirects me again to the login",0,1,spotify
1532,Chelsea Glaser,"December 28, 2022","The phone app is awesome and works great on many devices. However, the app for Samsung galaxy watch 5 has lost many features. I used to be able to search and listen to music on my watch when I was connected to wifi. Now I can only listen from my watch if I control it from my phone.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1533,Monica Seals,"February 18, 2023","It's horrible. I pay for it and the music stops after 5 minutes or 2hrs (whenever it wants), it plays the same 5 songs out of the hundreds in my playlist, and doesn't sync automatically even tho my settings are all set correctly. I'm thinking of switching",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1534,Peter Polus,"January 28, 2023","The new player interface is inconvenient, you now have to reach to the top of the screen to open the album / the artist instead of having the songs title and artist below the album cover. Sometimes the app has problems with connecting to the internet, i don't know why.",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1535,aRekt,"December 23, 2022","Best music app currently available, with no competition in UI and algorithm department. Library is huge and it maybe lacks some more nieche remixes that you can find on yt, but regardless you'll find most of your music here. The biggest advantage tho is the algorithm and all the new ways to find entirely new music based on your favorites. I literally discovered more than half of the music I listen to know just from suggestions. Premium is totally worth it.",15 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1536,Zac H,"January 3, 2023","I want to so badly to love Spotify, but It seems like it doesn't matter how many songs you have in a playlist, because it'll always play the same 10 to 15 songs over and over. Please make the shuffle more random, PLEASE!! Just add some kind of button where it'll change the randomization up a bit more. I now pay for the premium service and it's still doing this. I play one particular playlist often at work and it's like it has a saved order that it plays the songs. I have shuffle on 🤦",11 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1537,Sagar Bajaj,"February 2, 2023","I swore by Spotify. Been a loyal, paying, premium user for years. However, this time when my annual membership expired, the number of ads Spotify bombarded me with, discouraged me from renewing. I can renew even now. But I'm so pissed off with 4 ads between songs, just badgering me to renew, that I don't feel like it. Using YouTube music. Take that as feedback. Your greed sucks.",289 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1538,Inshal Rajput,"January 20, 2023","Overall app is great, but randomly when I'm listening to my own music, a completely random song or playlist starts playing in the middle of my song. I've never experienced this with any other app. Edit: I removed a star because it's too frequent now NEW EDIT: Love this app now. Turns out I was being hacked in the previous comment and I forgot to update. Support was tricky to reach but very helpful",4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1539,Coco Rabbit,"February 12, 2023",Remembered my account from a factory reset on my phone when none of my other apps did. It plays music without adds and shows the full lyrics and lots of music that other apps just don't have. It has benefited me tons when I started to use it. Literally the best app ever.,0,5,spotify
1540,Kevin Ford,"February 14, 2023","I have had Spotify Premium since it's introduction. I do enjoy it however I listen to a vast array of music including Big Band Jazz of the 1920s to the 1940s. Spotify would never get rid of a new artist or an album but album from my Big Band Jazz playlist disappeared daily at times. I even thought about going to Apply, Amazon, or YouTube to find so much of the music that Spotify threw away that I loved.",0,3,spotify
1541,Quynnlynn Hellwig,"December 10, 2022","I love this app, but I think the latest update actually added a bug as well as maybe getting rid of some. And I think I know what the problem is in individual Spotify. It's more so for me at least when I close the app and then resume what I was listening to, and normally I'd be able to do that without problems.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1542,Charles Wong,"January 17, 2023","Buggy. The latest version running on Android 13 keep reverting the storage for downloaded song to internal storage every time the phone is restarted and re-download the songs. I had to set it back to SD card every time. Also, if I set it to offline mode, it would ask me to login again after phone restart, but then keeps saying I'm offline and not let me log in, and I have to uninstall and reinstall the app to login again. Terrible.",0,2,spotify
1543,Kenia Osuna,"December 12, 2022","It's a good app overall, but the most recent update doesn't let me continue playing music. For example, if I'm listening to music and then stop for a few hrs, when I go back to the app the song will finish and then stop playing instead of going through the Playlist I'm on.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1544,Gio Kuntschik,"January 21, 2023","There are ads like every 2 songs and it's the same ones, it never used to be that way.Also the new update for my own playlist is kind of annoying because I can't play a little preview of the song or see any of the covers for the song on my own playlist I liked the old Spotify way better ngl. Please bring better updates, I still love Spotify tho, just the updates are somewhat irritating.You guys changed everything, I wish I could preview songs. Edit: The update is better, pls dont change it😮‍💨",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1545,Deirdre Hughes,"February 16, 2023","My favorite music app, but they have upped the commercials and now my app will play a song for a minute or two, then stop and restart once I open the app. I have the background permission on and did all the updates. Not sure what's wrong with it",0,3,spotify
1546,Cooper Standeford,"January 17, 2023","Get this app on a different device, it gives you close to zero freedom if you don't have premium. You have to put everything on shuffle, ads are more frequent, and you can't choose a song to play. You have to just hope that it appears when you're on shuffle. GET THIS APP ON A DIFFERENT DEVICE THAT ISNT A PHONE.",0,2,spotify
1547,mooxnxrxdd,"January 21, 2023","it's okay, I wouldn't say it's good but also bad Mostly the reason why is because of the update. Yes this might sound really childish but it really ruin the app let me explain: So basically. It's the playlist. Everytime I play a song a random song comes on that I DID NOT click on. It started getting annoying really irritating also adding random song to the playlist that I *did not add.* It gets really irritating. So I can't enjoy the song. I find it very Petty really. -mooxnxrxdd To Spotify",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1548,mel,"January 15, 2023","as much as i love spotify, theres a common glitch or bug that effects the audio. while playing anything in the app such as music or podcasts, your audio can cackle and bug out, its not my phone because it only happens in spotify. Ive tried many things to fix it but it just hasnt cleared up, while uncommon, it cant be fixed in some cased I believe.",0,3,spotify
1549,Not Fitsum,"January 15, 2023","Still my go-to music app, but I didn't need to write that, it's been known awhile now. One minor if not fussy suggestion for your next software update whose implementation,or otherwise, I leave entirely up to y'all: the lyrics match feature that Spotify now employs doesn't have a landscape orientation option like the Spotify podcasts live recordings do, for example: realizing how nitpicky that is, if I did happen on a similar situation where that might've helped perfecly. P.S. thx 4 muzxmatch.",5 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1550,angel,"January 24, 2023","Very desperate for money. They have a thing where they have random songs on ur playlist that u CANT SKIP! I have to pay to have the following: be able to skip songs limitlessly, see the next song and not have ads. Idc abt the ads. I'm pissed that I need premium to skip songs + they add random (long and unskippable) songs to ur playlist. I don't wanna listen to a 6 min country rap song. I gotta spam next song button to skip it. Says I deserve better music listening. But I gotta pay.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1551,Itayi Everson Nyachoto,"January 29, 2023","This is a great App for streaming music and they have the best playlists that you can enjoy throughout the day whether you are on the go, just chilling or need to complete a task. My only request is that they should let Premium users able to download music song by song instead of the whole playlist whethere you have created it or made by you like what Apple music does.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1552,Tumpal Manurung,"February 19, 2023","Paid version user here, frustrated. On the homepage there are so many suggestions of podcasts, Spotify exclusives. Stop this. I find my own podcast. The experience of finding my music becomes really annoying. Then I tap the music tab on home page. I just can't be bothered with all these artists that I don't care about being suggested just because they are popular. Stop this. I still hear commercials promoting podcasts. There's a reason I paid. I hate the adds.",10 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1553,Tammy C,"December 12, 2022","This last update is pure trash!!! AND I'M PAYING FOR IT. stops after one song, you have to constantly open the app to start a song to create a temporary list, the que list is gone, music used to auto start with my earbuds, not anymore. Who ever wrote this update clearly didn't test it. Fix it ASAP or you just lost a subscriber.",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1554,Olive Hardel,"January 26, 2023","Very well ,you will listen what you love &you can find all songs here ,which you want to listen. Keep it up👍 A new update## what's wrong with Spotify?? It doesn't showing the lyrics of songs not of every song but for a few songs it's showing that ""couldn't load the lyrics"" Please try to fix this issue. Again disappointed yarr 😠😠 i am trying to play song but it was not playing so I just uninstalled it and then when I installed it again it's not opening at all .. Why yarr Spotify, please fix it",14 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1555,Jenny Morales,"February 11, 2023",I love this app because I have a month looking for a song. The song name is why not. There is only one problem. when you click in a song that you want to listen to. for example I'm going to put material Girl and then they put another random song. Like I found all of my favorite. I can't listen to them,0,2,spotify
1556,Darlene Turnquist,"February 19, 2023","I won't pay for all my music apps, but Spotify IS my 'go-to' music/podcast app. Even w/ads, it's a SOLID 4☆. Glitches &/or prob's are rare. My issue is: After about 1Hr of cont'd listening, the # of ads goes WAY up. Alternating 2 songs, 2-3ads (to #4). THAT, my friends, is quite excessive(lost 1☆) I love the 30sec ads = 30min ad-free! SO SPOTIFY-FOOD FOR THOUGHT: try 1min ads = 1Hr ad free? OR try cont' 30sec ads=30 MORE min. ad-free w/different ads ea.30min set for cont'd listening. Hmm?",0,4,spotify
1557,Hazard David,"February 13, 2023",Hardly a week subscribing to Spotify from Joox. Honestly i should have dumped Joox a lot earlier. This is the best so far...easy to maneuver and the choice of songs is a whole lot better by a huge margin. Having said this though there are songs that i like but not available. Keep improving Spotify...,0,5,spotify
1558,Shouperman 2393,"January 22, 2023","Used to be a 5 star app to me for many years, but for the past few months it takes forever to load anything. Have to wait 40 seconds when I open the app to see the home screen, wait 20 seconds for my liked songs to load, and another 10 seconds for a song to play after clicking it. Also, I can't shuffle a playlist since that just plays 100 random songs and it starts from the beginning once done.",4 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1559,Ayase Shun,"December 14, 2022","Its a go to for music on mobile, as much as I don't like licensing issues for music that alot of songs get greyed out without notice and its a bother. Local Music storage is also affected poorly with greyed out unavailability. Also the weird music selections it gives me I won't need to delve into. Its otherwise alright.",0,4,spotify
1560,Mich Elle,"December 3, 2022","Spotify constantly starts itself and keeps running in the background even after you have turned off background activity and force stopped the app. I also wish it could resume the last song and time you were playing on a playlist in premium the way it does on free. But otherwise, it works great.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1561,Santiago Peschiera,"January 21, 2023","Works fine on iPhone but is broken on Android. Largely smooth interface and intuitive navigation. Music recommendations and pathways allow for curious exploration of similar artists and sounds. Robust catalog & blend of official and user-driven playlists neatly round out arguably the most useful category, beyond artists, songs, albums & genres. Sharing and community-driven connections are sensibly minimalist - this is a music portal, not social media. Maybe 5 stars if not broken on Android.",0,3,spotify
1562,Rainbow Martz,"January 12, 2023",pretty good. Although if you want premiumwith no ads you'll have to pay for it so I wouldn't recommend getting it. But it does work better than other apps like youtube Music. Then again if you want really good quality I would recommend Apple Music. It is also hard to access clean music.,1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1563,rowdit Dowdit,"January 12, 2023",Spotify peeps y'all got some audacity. Your loyal listeners can't preview songs anymore and we can't go through our playlists and listen to the songs to see if we want to remove them or keep them in the playlist. You've done this once before not to long ago but fixed it. Y'all must hate your listeners tho honestly tho lol. And I can't get premium either so i can't preview the songs or anything anymore. I don't get why you enjoy this kind of update but it's terrible please fix it and do better..,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1564,Kayla ʕ •ᴥ•ʔ,"January 22, 2023","This app is so much better than all the other music apps. The only problem I have is how the adds are ALL THE SAME. I don't care that an add pops up every 4 songs its just when the same add plays over, and over, and over again when it starts to get annoying.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1565,Derek Sturdavant,"February 17, 2023",Update: still very glitchy but usable. I have used Spotify for years. It is now completely unusable. It just crashes immediately whenever I try to play any thing. Problems have been getting progressively worse for months. I have to cancel my subscription until they fix this.,0,4,spotify
1566,nathan M,"December 14, 2022","I absolutely love this music app. I have only been using Spotify for about 2 months now and have not even upgraded to their premium subscription service yet which I am planning to do very soon. I have only experienced one small problem which is, when I am in a area where cell reception is low the song will start to lag. I have a feeling that this small B inconvenience will go away after I upgrade my account to a paid subscription. I still highly recommend that you try it out anyways.",0,5,spotify
1567,Stampcoin2,"December 20, 2022","Idk what their newest update did but anytime i connect to a new bluetooth device my whole spotify crashes. Even disconnecting it crashes spotify. Its extremely annoying as i cant touch my phone much at work and it will mess up. And when i try to start music again i have to press a song not just play on the device or speaker. It just doesnt load a song and is frozen. Even pressing play on the playlist button doesnt work sometimes, leading me to have to select a song. Otherwise probably 4.5 stars",0,2,spotify
1568,Oliver Carey,"February 9, 2023","I love spotify but the new update ruins the whole thing. I cannot look at my playlist and apparently I need premium to see it. And also, the playists are on automatic shuffle and you can't get rid of it. Spotify also adds random songs to your playlists. I'm so disappointed in spotify.",0,3,spotify
1569,Josh Turner,"December 12, 2022",Latest update has some great improvements as well as new things to mention. Every so often on Samsung s22+ while playing any playlist I'll get through maybe 6 songs before it stops playing audio? I'll open the app and there will be a dark overlay covering all the other playlists and will stay until I hit the back button or force close the app 🤷‍♂️,3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1570,Simon Desaulniers Delisle,"February 20, 2023",Last update destroyed the app performance. It makes my device (Google Pixel 6) slow and unresponsive. There seems to be a memory leak or it hogs the CPU for some reason. This app is so bloated code-wise it's unbelievable. I find myself using Youtube Music much more often.,0,2,spotify
1571,Judith Benitez,"January 9, 2023","I love love love Spotify! It's the only app I use to listen to my music. The selections are huge with lyrics and I can create my own playlists in addition to adding from others. They added books and podcasts that I have yet to explore! The free version is great, except for the commercials, but they don't interrupt your songs while playing them. The paid version is better with a more features to choose from and no commercials at all. I share songs and definitely recommend the app!!",10 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1572,Mason,"December 27, 2022","Good for library & design but there's some big flaws. 1-car mode should be able to go in landscape mode(I suggest a similar layout to the car thing) 2-I bought premium through Google play store and now I have to open Spotify through my subscription in the play store which requires a connection defeating the purpose of premium 3-the Spotify car thing is religiously advertised but is a complete waste and suggests it is stand alone Spotify player, but isn't. Not worth $20 let alone $100",0,3,spotify
1573,Emilio Benítez,"January 26, 2023","It is a great app, I've been using it for a long time. The thing that I don't like is that I haven't got the lyrics on the songs yet, and it is not a region problem because all the people I know that use Spotify too, they have the lyrics option. I would really appreciate if this option was general at this moment right now",17 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1574,Meli Morales,"December 16, 2022","Its been acting up since the past month.... I don't have premium. I've had my account for about 5 yrs more or less and this is the first time this has ever happened. I sign out sign in, restart phone, and delete app and re-download app, nothing has worked. It also freezes or randomly stops playing music. This is also only happening on my phone. Since its what I use most☹☹☹😤",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1575,Josh Lindsay,"December 31, 2022","I used to love Spotify. But now, even though I don't have that option turned on, it automatically plays as soon as it connects to Bluetooth when I get into my vehicle. It's highly annoying. I've been a paid customer for years not and it seems like I am going to delete it entirely until they get it fixed.",0,1,spotify
1576,Maria Andrus,"December 27, 2022","I have loved Spotify for years, I don't mind paying for it since it's so convenient and I've discovered lots of new music because of it. But now I can't listen to podcasts amymore, the sound is speed up and it sounds like chipmunks talking really fast. I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it still fu<&!+g sucks. I'm pretty sad tbh.",0,3,spotify
1577,Richard Girdwood,"January 20, 2023","The Spotify Music service is OK, but app is a joke. Crashes, won't play when I press play, stops randomly, won't skip, won't reorder playlists, says something is playing when it isn't and nothing is playing when it is. Clear they have no intention of fixing. Slow, even on 500mbps internet. UPDATE - still trash months later. Adds songs to my playlists even though I have option off. Says no Internet connection when I have one. Only app I have these issues with. Sort it out people!!",5 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1578,T Lewis,"January 6, 2023","Only Music App I really use since downloading it back in 2018. Love the curative Playlists that the app creates for me,as well as the HUGE library of Artists, Genres,Songs,Podcasts, and more to choose from. I have discovered so many new(to me)artists and sounds that I never knew of or would've even thought I'd like. It's really an amazing app if your someone looking to really explore the World of Music. Also this platform is great for New Artists. Personally know a few & this App has helped Alot",6 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1579,Elizabeth Ferguson,"February 23, 2023","Randomization has improved. Out of 3000 + in a playlist, I should never hear the same song. Oddly, I still do but it's not as bad. I know I have more than 5 genres in my liked songs, yet you only name 5. It was showing all of them, then suddenly just 5. Plus there was a moon icon to set a cut-off timer. The next day it was gone. So I'm learning you don't need to update for things to change in an app. Also, why can't I select more than one song at a time to add or remove?",313 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1580,Chinmay Rao,"January 25, 2023","Really good music app, but i wud suggest a few changes. 1) If there was a way they cud tell me whenever the artists i follow release an album or single. 2) Give a few more options for free. 3) Reduce the frequency of ads or give once a day 1 hour ad-free. 4) The playlist owner shud be able to know who has liked their playlist. These are the only changes for right now but otherwise a good app. If they cud rectify these issues and add a few more features it wud become a lot better",0,4,spotify
1581,Ugnė Globytė,"December 28, 2022","The app is great, however you can't review songs before putting them in your playlist anymore or the ones already in there. Heck you can't even add songs of your choice normally anymore. This is extremely annoying and something needs to be done about it. Adding to the problem is that there are ads every 2-3 songs and its always more than one.",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1582,Mike H,"January 29, 2023","Request feature: Android app split screen video support (or PiP). Split screen is a common feature in Android now. Spotify thinks it's a background service even in split screen, and turns off video. You might want to adjust your background detection mechanism to allow for split screen playback with video. Also as requested before, you might want to add an option to go PiP.",0,2,spotify
1583,Doug,"January 21, 2023","Spotify Rocks! I'm 58 years young, and I've been tuned in, and rocked out since 1970. I like my music, and Spotify delivers it accordingly. Spotify, in my opinion, is the best music app out there, and it satisfies all of my music desires. Price, performance, quality, and reliability, is why I have been a satisfied customer for over a decade. Spotify rocks!",23 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1584,Lia Bunny,"February 11, 2023","OK, I'll give Spotify its due. It's convenient, understandable, personalised, alluring, gracious and has a wealth of music and podcasts. It makes you personalised stuff and interactive experiences. It's cool and trendy. However. THE ADS FOR PREMIUM AND THE 6 SKIPS AN HOUR AND NOT BEING ABLE TO PLAY A SONG AND THE LIES ABOUT 30 MINUTES OF UNINTERRUPTED LISTENING. I even had Premium once, and warning ⚠️IT DOESN'T LIVE UP TO THE HYPE, STICK WITH FREE⚠️ Thank you so much for reading, be happy ❤💞😍",0,4,spotify
1585,Southpaw Diecast,"January 15, 2023","Well back when I first download this app it was great ,and yes I do the free version but when I first download it hardly any commercials and it only played my songs on my jam list but ever since about a couple weeks ago ,I'll have it in my My jams and it will play songs that are not on my jams all the time,then it plays on or two songs then 2 commercials,then another song then more commercials . It's like they are doing this on purpose so you will go to premium. Which is BS. but they will deny",0,3,spotify
1586,addie west,"February 5, 2023","Terrible,ineffective,nonsensical. 3 words that discribe the playlist feature, which is unavoidable due to the fact that it won't play single songs. I created a playlist of just my exclusive favorites and a song i hate got put on there! This app sucks i will be sticking with youtube music, although i did increase it by a star due to the way playstore works, and the fact it has background play.",0,1,spotify
1587,Matthew Brigham,"December 14, 2022",The most recent update has broken being able to have the music auto play when playing music in android auto and have to go back to my saved playlists and choose the playlist I want to listen to again and then skip tracks untill the audio plays. Also I'm no longer able to save albums/playlists to my home screen for quicker access and not have to open the app and search for it when before I could just open a folder on my home screen and open a album/playlist from the,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1588,Joel Smith,"January 16, 2023","I've used this for years and have accumulated nearly 4700 liked songs. Twice, if not three times in a row, it has told me I listened more than 99 percent of listeners in the US. My only problems are recent and probably bugs in a recent update. I really like the end of the year ""Wrapped"" and seeing what and who I listened to most and how much I listened, even if you may call it tracking.",19 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1589,Nolan Robertson,"December 6, 2022","Love everything about the app except the pop ups. I pay for premium and I still get pop ups that are persistent and infuriating. These pop ups often happen when i am driving and just trying to skip a song. It seems disengenuous to have any sort of ""push"" style feature on the app. I tried turning off all the push settings, and it now still has pop ups that ask to turn push settings back on. Spotify turning into another social media style algorithm app will cause me to end my subscription",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1590,Jorge Ramirez,"January 23, 2023","I did and it still crashes, even after many updates. I don't put a lower rate because I can't but before it was great when Android closed the app and when I reopened it, it continued my playlist where I left it without having to worry about it going to stop within 5 songs because you guys couldn't load the settings correctly or something",0,1,spotify
1591,Shrisay Shandilya,"January 28, 2023","There's a glitch in the app where it starts playing a particular playlist, regardless of whichever playlist you select, and select a particular song and click next, it automatically transfers to that one particular playlist and it's very annoying. Other than that we all love Spotify. Please resolve the issue.",153 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1592,Smiles,"January 16, 2023",This app is trash on mobile I hate how I can't take shuffle off on mobile but it's free on laptop like what? When my playlist has played most of the songs Spotify just puts random songs that are not in my playlist on and I can't even restart my playlist without having to use my laptop or uninstalling the app. When I listen to music the app crashes for no reason and I have to go back to the app to try to get it to work. There are a few good things about this app but many flaws as well. Pls fix it,0,1,spotify
1593,Stuart Harrop,"January 23, 2023","I have used Spotify since 2014 on my tablet at home, great app. However I recently downloaded it on my phone. When I tried to set it to my old account it reset my account and removed my play lists. Ive had premuum for a couple years but after this I canceled it, been getting adverts even with premium so whats the point of having it. Since then I seem to be unable to play my playlists in order, it's stuck on shuffle, plays random songs not even on my playlist, what's with the 6 skips BS??",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1594,Brooke Mackenzie,"December 12, 2022","The app has been unstable since (at least) the last update. I can get through one song if I'm lucky before it freezes. Sometimes restarting it works but other times I've had to clear the cache or even restart my phone, only to get one song out again before it repeats the problem.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1595,Alejandro Arreola-Torres,"February 10, 2023","Great app, nice variety of music, they're slowly adding more tools to help customize playlist for a more personalized experience. My only complaint is that the algorithm tends to replay the newest songs and the older songs are rarely played, especially in larger playlists",29 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1596,Tiana Scheffler,"January 12, 2023","I love this app, and I always come back anytime I ever leave. It's the easiest music platform for me and always has been. And as if recent, I've had to get in touch with the support team and their response time is amazing and they definitely helped! I love Spotify and will definitely always be a user! 💖",0,5,spotify
1597,T Blosser,"January 14, 2023","This app used to be good but every update gets worse, I pay for premium also, They have removed playlist info that tells how many songs etc. It often crashes, and quits working completely just a couple days after they come out with a new update. Now it won't play any music (not even downloads) even though I had a good internet connection (Firefox browser worked fine) so now I am forced into another update for a ""bug"" they created. Ifi could still use the version from 2 yr ago it would be 5 star.",0,1,spotify
1598,Radhika,"February 8, 2023","The song experience is nice but it's very annoying to not be able to add songs to queue from the mobile app when you search a song from the seach bar. It was there before the app updated, please review the issue. edit - didn't resolve the issue even after a reinstall",0,3,spotify
1599,Shannon Simpson,"December 15, 2022",Never had an issue on Spotify but recently there has to be a bug. I've updated the app and all of a sudden it won't let me into my other playlists I've made nor listen to all of the songs I've saved. Kinda not on when you pay to have those playlist to freely listen to the song without ads.,0,3,spotify
1600,Rakesh Vangari,"February 10, 2023","It's awesome. But I'd like to see the number of songs in a playlist too. Right now, only the total length of playlist is shown. Also, when we search for an artist, not all songs are being displayed in the results. Only popular and few others are shown.",0,4,spotify
1601,tea party,"December 15, 2022","I've used Spotify for just over 4 years and I've never had any issues or problems with it, I initially switched after Google music was shut down and I wish I switched sooner, due to all of the different genres and artists that I've discovered thanks to Spotify, I've tried numerous different companies and other platforms but you just don't get better also it only costs roughly the equivalent of 1 album per month, plus you get Spotify wrapped every year, I genuinely love this app, best app ever.",8 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1602,Keith Thomas,"February 18, 2023",Not as good as depicted on Netflix. When the free version is as inconsistent and sketchy as this is I'm unlikely to upgrade to the paid version. I understand there will be some restrictions on my 'liked' songs playlist but the damn app just won't play my songs.,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1603,Kieran Nurmi,"December 4, 2022","Functional but ""30 minutes of uninterrupted listening"" is often not 39 minutes, particularly when you're changing playlists. I also shouldn't have to make a while new Playlist with a single song just to get it to play the one song someone recommended I listen to without shuffling in several songs I don't care about beforehand.",0,3,spotify
1604,Warren Oakes,"January 19, 2023","I really enjoy Spotify! You can find almost any podcast available. The ability to DL ""audio only"" & adjust quality to save data when listening away from home is handy. I've had great experiences with CS a couple times over the years – that despite not being a premium member. My only complaint are the few ads that have volume levels intentionally higher than the media you're listening to (looking at you Bentonville, AR behemoth!).",4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1605,Mishaal Khan,"January 27, 2023","While the app is easy to navigate, it still has alot of bugs. For instance, the music stops playing itself and the app keeps crashing for no reason. Also, when i connect it with a Bluetooth device, the music just stops itself after sometime",0,2,spotify
1606,Mumu M,"February 3, 2023","It shouldn't be so darn hard to change the country of subscription. Or to get some help. Good experience with fixing previous bugs with disappearing downloads, but back to one star for giving instructions to fixing a problem that literally cannot be followed.",0,1,spotify
1607,rebecca weekes,"December 31, 2022","When will issues be fixed? I see many reviews saying the same problem I have... Song freezes, songs stop playing when the app is in the background or screen is turned off. Paying for a subscription is supposed to be better than not paying. What if we cancel our subscription until this issue is fixed? I loved the app until this month when I updated it. New year, new app? 🤞",0,1,spotify
1608,brendan schilka,"December 30, 2022","The app is ok. Way too many ads on the free version though. I might as well just listen to my radio and not use any of my data. Your options are very limited, it is frustrating when you want to listen to music that you have chosen but you can't on the free version because of the restrictions. With the amount of ads that you have to listen to there should not be so many restrictions. It is a pain so I rarely use this app anymore",9 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1609,brandy fant,"January 14, 2023","Please I love this app, but now im crying!! It was playing just fine for all this while, and it suddenly stopped. It started saying try again ""check your connection"" even when my connection was fine, all other apps on my phone work fine. I reinstalled, turned on and off my phone, logged out. Airplane mode, freed up storage. The mistake I did was log out and Uninstall because now that I reinstalled I can't get back in at all!!! All It says is ""try again.""",0,1,spotify
1610,Bekah Neary,"January 30, 2023","Unable to even use the app right now. At first it simply didn't connect to my mobile data despite checking numberous times I had data usage enabled and offline mode wasn't enabled and trying a plethora of tips and tricks online. I resorted to uninstalling and reinstalling the app and now it won't even let me log in, I keep getting a 'there was an issue' message popping up. No idea what is wrong, have no problems connecting to the internet with any other apps. Really annoying, I miss my music.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1611,Iliana Rugama,"January 25, 2023",Hi the appstarted off amazing but I have one issue. Recently the app started only playing previews of the songs I saved. Not only this but when I pause the song it restarts and I have to go into the app to press play. I've tried installing and reinstalling but it didn't work and niether did restarting my phone. The first issue I stated has happened with others too so I know it's not just my phone. Please fix this so I can listen to my music. Once the problem is fixed I'll change my review to 5⭐.,3 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1612,Morgan Herget,"January 8, 2023","I think Spotify is amazing! There is only a few ads even without premium. And with YT music; not to compare; there were tons of ads and I couldn't exit the app without premium. With Spotify I can exit the app without it. Though without an internet connection you cannot use the app. It works for both Androids and Iphones, which is well appreciated for people who have either type of phone. Lastly, think that others should recommend to people who don't have Spotify.",5 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1613,Jeff Young,"January 18, 2023","It is no better than other music apps. I can't seem to create or organize music that I tend to listen to. It make it hard to create your own personal channel. I find it very difficult to find music that I enjoy. This app is a waste of time. It should come with instructions. Final thought, garbage!!!!!",0,1,spotify
1614,Tim H,"December 13, 2022","Don't understand why I have to keep the app open to listen to continuous music. When I switch apps or minimize it, music will stop about 10 seconds after then I have to reopen the app and restart the song. Would definitely recommend using YouTube even with the ads because at least the consistency is there.",0,1,spotify
1615,Omolara Oyeneye,"December 12, 2022",Love Spotify. My number 1 audio app. I initially got it to listen to my favourite podcasts for free but it become my go to place for all things audio now truelly couldn't go a day without it. The only issue though is that although I pay for premium I still have ads that that cut through episodes and I thought this was the main reason the premium feature was created.,5 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1616,Era Glitch,"December 6, 2022","Spotify is one of the best music apps out there with some other common ones being YouTube music, Amp, and sound cloud. Although recently the app has become quite cluttered with audio books being added. As well as the adds you have to deal with and not being able to pick your song with out buying premium.",23 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1617,Klara Buchmann,"December 4, 2022","The app itself is good but even tho I have spotify premium I can't play songs offline (podcasts only) although it's shown that I've downloaded them I simply can't listen to them without a WiFi connection. It sucks. I already tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, removing and redownloading songs or logging in again but nothing works. I'm disappointed :(",0,2,spotify
1618,Geschaftsrei “Gesh”,"February 20, 2023","I have been using spotify on the computer for years now and have built a playlist around 200 songs long on the computer they have options for play or shuffle or play 1 why doesn't the app have this feature... i find it very annoying that a playlist i put hours into the order of the songs i cant listen to the order i want, also i turn off the auto play settings and its still playing ""recommended"" instead of my god damn play list that has hundreds of songs there is no reason for this to happen",0,1,spotify
1619,P4st3l Aka ash,"December 26, 2022","I like Spotify it's probably my most used app but there is this one specific thing that annoys me,is that it's in shuffle all time like 99 percent of the time I can't get through my full Playlist and the suggested songs are barely like any of the songs on my Playlist,and I like the fact that you can listen while doing other things on your device :),but Spotify can you fix it it bothers me so much",0,4,spotify
1620,David Flannagan,"December 20, 2022","Track transitions aren't consistent I've been using it for a while and sometimes when I listen to albms that are mixed, it sounds spot on transition and other times there's odd cut gaps half a second between the next song (I do have that transition setting enabled) I'm literally just playing albums off yt in brave as background music (yes with the app exited) because the stutter transitions are ruining the momentum the majority of the time..",0,3,spotify
1621,Michael Alvidrez,"January 11, 2023",The fact that this is the only app I pay for is what makes all these issues more frustrating. Whenever I return to the app after not using it for a few hours it suddenly forgets the rest of the songs on my playlist. So I have to go back to my playlist and find the song I was listening to for it to keep playing the rest of the songs.,0,2,spotify
1622,Timothy McHatten,"February 4, 2023","Only not 5 because bug causes a song to get stuck being displayed. Yiu can skip and music plays but it shows the one song and the time bar is stuck and you have to force stop the app or restart phone. Other than that periodically great app, I use it daily in my car and at work",0,5,spotify
1623,Nilay Karmokar,"February 9, 2023",It's the best and most cost effective way of music streaming. To say that the music library is collosal will be an understatement. The official playlist are more than enough. The algorithm is efficient. One thing is that they roll out the updates a bit to late. Other than that it's the perfect app for music lovers.,5 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1624,Ink Hinojosa,"January 28, 2023","I really enjoy Spotify! I've used it without premium since the beginning because I don't have the money for it, and I'm okay with that. But recently, there's been so many more ads stacked all on top of each other, and most of the time they don't even give the whole 30 minutes of no ads. I absolutely love this app, the ads are just starting to make it unbearable.",0,3,spotify
1625,Oyedepo favour,"February 5, 2023",It was all well and good until my Spotify account logged out itself and only for me to log in back and find out that all my downloads are gone. Why do I download songs just for them to get missing ??? Now I have to download everything back as of the ones I downloaded weren't on my phone before ...it's sad! Fix up!!!. And maybe you should consider adding option to download single songs and not having to add them to a playlist 🙄🙄,0,2,spotify
1626,Kira Sark,"January 8, 2023","it no longer follows the Playlist. it will start the Playlist over or go to a song radio whenever a song ends. this isn't what I pay for. and there's no easy way to voice this issue on app. if there's no update that actually fixes issues, I'm fully planning to cancel and go somewhere else.",0,1,spotify
1627,Natalie Sorensen,"December 14, 2022",Spotify has been wonderful until this last update. I can't get my playlists (any of them) to play more than one song before it gets stuck and won't play the next song automatically. I have tried uninstalling the app and that didn't fix the issue. PLEASE fix your bugs!,0,1,spotify
1628,Brian Zeller,"December 17, 2022","*Edit* The widget has returned! I've been using the premium version of this app for quite a few years, and have loved it. I'm really disappointed/annoyed that the widget was taken away with the last update, it made it a lot easier to change songs without having to go into the full app.",5 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1629,Chux Rick Ukairo,"December 17, 2022",It has very nice audio quality. But its difficult to find songs by a particular artist on the artist page. And the app takes up a lot of space as you download songs. Can't find or follow non-artists. Difficult for your playlist gain any traction at all,2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1630,Fishy Fish,"February 10, 2023","Recently Spotify has been playing different songs in playlist that doesnt have them (playlist is long enough and i have premium) I try to play my playlist with Spanish music but after one song passes, it starts playing other music from different playlists. Now I have to use the queue feature so that I listen to the music I want. FIX THIS.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1631,Ai PHANTOM,"December 21, 2022","Really nice app! I love how easy it is to find my favourite songs, podcasts, etc... and also how easily I can share them with my friends. I also love the fact that I can still hear music when my phone is off or when I'm using another app. The only reason why I gave it four and not five stars is because there are quite a few ads when you don't have Spotify Premium, I'm ok with some ads but there are quite a few here. Anyways, overall this app is awesome and I really do recommend it. Well done!",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1632,Dustin Gartison,"December 25, 2022","Spotify destroys playlists by adding junk you don't approve. Non premium gets adds and can't skip songs. Premium upgrade is overly complicated. No customer service or feedback. Price of premium is unfair, theyr getting paid from adds too, and premium, double payment for not double quality, all at the supporters expense. Even with premium, algorithms ruin playlists faster than you can fix them. Really won't support with funds until this is all fixed, and it's either adds or no skips, no more $$$.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1633,chris crawford,"December 14, 2022",Spotify used to be arguably the best music app .. not so much anymore. First off they deleted like half of my songs in my playlists and added songs that I would never listen to. They don't actually listen to what artists I actually like to and got rid of the feature to be able to hide all songs from certain artists. Top that off no matter what genre you listen to they just have a handful of artists that they try to jam down your throat. Like I don't need tech N9ne in literally every rap playlist,11 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1634,Andrew Johanns,"February 11, 2023","Let me pick either next/last track or 15 second forward/back on Android Auto. It coming back and then disappearing sucks. Also, Casting is broken because you can't fast forward or rewind and the timeline is incorrect. Finally, track back button only restarts the current track, never the previous track.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1635,Faith Kaminky,"February 10, 2023","Overall love the app. I use it every single day probably. It can be buggy at times and takes a minute to load. But usually they're good at updating and fixing anything going on. Lots of options to listen to and premium is really worth it, in my opinion.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1636,tenten,"December 30, 2022","I decided to try the app when Spotify offered three free months. And after these three months, I can't use other apps Playlists are amazing. You can find a Playlist for any game/film/series where every song is linked to the official author. So every song in these playlists is an original song (predominantly with lyrics), it is not a Remix and you can go to the author page (in Spotify) from any song",0,5,spotify
1637,Kevin Gouldsmith,"February 11, 2023","I love Spotify! It'd opened up a world of even more great music to me. People complain about Spotify pay rates to the artists but when I find a band I love I frequently purchase from the band on bandcamp. Lots of artist have earned from me that I wouldn't have heard of without Spotify. I tried other streaming services but none were as usable or had all of the music Spotify has. Also its in car media is brilliant. Way way better than tidal, deezer etc.",0,5,spotify
1638,Daylin Cannon,"December 3, 2022","People with premium get ads, too? That sucks. I just wanna listen to straight music with or without the premium. Ads suck, trying to pick a song, but it only plays a sample sucks. I just want continuous music. Please change something up, because this isn't good at all.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1639,Vinnie M,"January 26, 2023","Enough is enough. I have had this service for 5 years+ now and no matter which Android phone I've used (Note 10, Note 20 Ultra, Flip 4), it's the same BS - doesn't load already downloaded songs when no network available, lags for days when all I want is to see my library, whether I'm using data or wi-fi this useless app's search bar doesn't even work. You people have millions of subscribers, why can't you release a more stable and consistently good app.",0,1,spotify
1640,Mackenzie Kruse,"January 21, 2023","App has always worked seamlessly for me (android) but I do hate that this update took away the ""shuffle play"" option. Honeslty this was the best for liked songs and was easy to navigate. It is also annoying to scroll all the way to the very top to search liked songs. App is getting less user friendly.",0,4,spotify
1641,Key Scandizzi,"December 19, 2022","The fact that it's so limited unless you pay its so bad. The sound is great, there is a lot of artists but it's still the worst in my opinion. You get flooded by ads all the time, you can't turn off Shuffle play wich is annoying and again the ads man, it's just not good. AND you have to pay by months i think? Like i could accept a full app by one payment not monthly. Like common man, let people hear music freely.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1642,Sparrowfern Coal,"December 12, 2022",It randomly stops playing music after one song & doesnt let another song play even after u hit play. The only way to fix it is to play a different playlist which is annoying. The new Smart Suffle is annoying & keeps malfunctions when I try to turn it off. Should of just kept the enhance feature since it worked better than smart shuffle. Also having trouble getting playlist to play without shuffle on & I have premium. Needs to be a way to turn off Smart Suffle in settings without fighting the app,0,3,spotify
1643,Jamahl Jones,"January 26, 2023","I love Spotify as it has some of my favorite podcasts on it. You have more often than not playback is failed when I try to listen. I have cleared the cash and data, force stopped the app, tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app and now it won't even let me sign in. Pretty lame to not be able to watch and not even know the reason",0,2,spotify
1644,nathanael gann,"December 10, 2022",I'm getting really frustrated with this app. I'm not able to just tap a playlist and tap the play button and just listen without worry. It just doesn't work 😕 I can't tap on an artist profile and view the track list of any of their playlist this damn app is broken. What the hell is going on? I. Am. Furious 😠 😡,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1645,Julia Lorraine Gregorios,"January 9, 2023","I subscribed to spotify premium for a year already and i didn't have any problems not until this week. I cannot open my sportify app, and when i do it will say ""spotify isn't responding"". I deleted and installed it again but still the same thing happened. I hope you can fix this. I really want to enjoy music in my phone again.",0,2,spotify
1646,Olivia T,"December 22, 2022",I love listening to music especially while doing other stuff or with my phone off the problem I have is that just yesterday I was able to go on to any artist and play any song but now I have to do the mixed play thing which is okay but really annoying if I really just want one song but have to go though all these others first. Also I don't like being unable to see what will play next or to keep a song on repeat.,0,2,spotify
1647,Carl Beke,"December 12, 2022","Usually, the app works fine, but every so often you get a build that just doesn't work. Build 8.7.90.544 (the latest build as of this date) is glitchy as hell. No controls showing, stops after playing one song, refuses to play anything randomly, and generally frustrating. Folks, wait for the next build before downloading or updating",7 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1648,Joe Haase,"January 14, 2023",Went from a great app I would have paid for to a garbage app that's barely useable. Won't load music but no problem loading adda. Can't choose a genre of music in your favorites list. Only thing keeping me here is the fact I've used it so long all my music and playlists are here but I'm about to find something that works how it is supposed to. Would not recommend to new users,11 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1649,Daniel Gregory,"December 15, 2022","App freezes while playing either on mobile or Wifi. If switching from Spotify to another app, and returning the Playing Now bar at the bottom goes missing. Playback stops randomly. Rebooting the phone, clearing the cache & data did nothing. Upon opening after clearing data a message pops up about taking full advantage of the App on Android 12. My os is currently that.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1650,Jonathan Abeyta,"February 10, 2023",This is an awful app for listening to podcasts. Spotify devours battery life while watching video podcasts. Fix this already! Update: app continues to be awful for podcast listening. Cannot disable the app from automatically playing when connecting a Bluetooth device. Please change this.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1651,Random Name,"February 15, 2023",I have a premium account so I can play music offline. When I had to restart my phone I got logged out of the spotify app. Not really a big deal since I know my email/username and password. But after logging back in I get an error telling me that I am offline. I dont have internet issues since I managed to searched the spotify community that this has been an issue since 2017 and has no proper resolution. How come the only fix is I have to uninstall the app and download my playlists again.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1652,Anna James,"February 9, 2023","The things that annoy me are that the song stops at one point and I have to click the pause button for a million times before it starts playing normally again.And,I tried deleting the app and reinstalling.It didn't bother me for a few days.Then,I got that problem and reinstalled it,Really,the song automatically paused when I played the song just a sec ago.And please don't put that automated message under my comment saying that you'll try to fix it.PlayStore, please increase no. Of words. TYSM!",0,1,spotify
1653,Michael T.,"February 10, 2023",By far the worst app I have ever used. The UI is confusing compared to other podcast apps. That doesn't matter because most of the time it just doesn't work and nothing will play. Constantly logs me out. Constantly changes settings on its own. How is this such a popular app?,0,1,spotify
1654,Shawn King,"February 3, 2023","Glitches here and there, yet overall awesome phone application. In these few words, I for one, am now overall happier and grateful to everybody and all involved with Spotify, for it has definitely help to create, beautify, and make everything more of an overall chivalrous, loving, and empathetic earth to be with and part of. Thank you everybody to say the very least. Thank you.",0,5,spotify
1655,Brodnax,"February 12, 2023","Has always been good for the past 2 years I've paid for it.. here this year for whatever reason, a song will start and the play will either completely stop mid to end of a song. Please fix, I don't want to have to find another service and will update if u fix. Thanks",0,3,spotify
1656,Yuan Niccolo Cayaban,"February 19, 2023","Since this days I can pick any songs I can choose and vibe and listen to them but from this updates it doesn't let me choose anymore like they changed the playlist. And it's kinda annoying skipping to your favorite song instead of clicking it, then just ran out of skips? (6 skips per hour??) It's disappointing when it's like this. Spotify please change this 😞",0,2,spotify
1657,MOHAMED MUFEETH,"February 12, 2023","I always love listening to music, Spotify is just making be obsessed with geners of music. I love the UI particularly in PC virsion, But the Audio quality is insane only on iphones and MacBooks, for Android and PCs its comparatively lower even the quality is set to very high, That's the little thing which I hated a little. Overall I just love ve Spotify.",0,5,spotify
1658,Daymian Pierce,"February 19, 2023","I can't even get into songs from other Playlists, and all you're able to do, even for your own Playlist, is to shuffle the songs, which sucks. Today I couldn't even listen to liked music without hearing a something I didn't want to listen to.",0,3,spotify
1659,Angel Garcia-Santos,"February 11, 2023","I'm a premium user if spotify premium I love the app but the app has frequently glitches that doesn't let the music play offline even though the music is downloaded is just random songs are playable or just simply stops playing, Other reason I'm not ok with is the crossfade option that they updated and I don't like how now sounds everytime the crossfade is mixing the music it starts the song aggressively or sometimes doesn't even do it.",0,3,spotify
1660,Syihan Arrazi,"February 18, 2023","I'm a premium user here. There are a suggestion that I'd like spotify to make for a change. please do make a delete music from recently played list, to some people, their account are used for crowds on other. The recently played list on my spotify isn't that appetizing to look. So please do make this a feature, thank you.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1661,Jooseppi Perssuo,"February 12, 2023","1 Why cant i see recently played songs on mobile? The playback UI could be a carousel where every played song goes to grayed out history, would be so cool. Please even make a setting to make recently played songs available. 2 Bad behavior with VPN :( My playlists are censored from 'discovered on' and shadowed from search. Logs out for no reason and sometimes asks to reset password beause of suspicions. Super annoying as this happens often. What is the problem as im a paying customer for years.",32 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1662,Nocturnal Presence,"February 6, 2023","I'm giving a 1 star rating because I love music... You lose the rest because stupid Waze comes up when I select Spotify! The heck is this happening? I've gone through the settings in both aps and nothing. I'm laying in bed mate, I don't need spontaneous navigation to the bathroom.",0,1,spotify
1663,Elias Witmer,"February 13, 2023","Even though I have the app closed the next time my device connects to a Bluetooth speaker, spotify automatically starts playing out of nowhere, absolutely ridiculous! Even if I force stop the app it still does it. I could force stop the app 3 times in a row and it will not stop spotify from playing in the background",0,1,spotify
1664,david adams,"February 19, 2023","I stand to be corrected but this is the best musical app I've encountered. I encourage you guys to keep up the good work. Although you might want to consider a feature for regular uploads, maybe it's there & I haven't seen it yet but overall its a great app!!",0,5,spotify
1665,Joel Matteis,"February 4, 2023","Update editing to one star since this problem hasn't been corrected in over 3 years? Thought latest update would bring back the way I dget, nope. Also, why when my device is restarted do I have to go in and change the storage location in this app? Only when my phone is restarted does this happen, ANNOYING. Loved it but this latest update removed the widget. Bring it back, used it all the time.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1666,Aariana Gillyard,"February 5, 2023",I keep get completely different songs played instead of the song i tapped on someone please help me understand. Like downloaded this app because soundcloud song wouldn't play as soon as i exit but this app is quickly starting to get on my nerves. Oh and not only that my liked songs won't actually f'ing play the full thin just a bit and it stops i think I'll be going back to sound cloud.😡😠🤬,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1667,Bhanu Chauhan,"February 15, 2023","Initially, this app was going smoothly and without any problem but now this app starts to stuck and whenever i play a song or any playlist and went to other applications it only play for sometime and then stops by its own and sometimes it recently stops. It is really irritating me and i updated this app many times but everytime same problem again. Otherwise this app is good and have really nice playlists.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1668,Renato Cipriani,"February 15, 2023","Good not free, with bugs Sometimes doesn't access the offline musics when you're offline (what doesn't make any sense) Problem on downloading musics, on wifi or 4g either Sometimes it just don't start and you have to manually exit and reopen By the price, is good. I haven't tried others streaming apps, but thinking to",0,3,spotify
1669,Liz Thacker,"February 12, 2023","Absolutely the best music/podcast app I've ever used. Sooo easy! Endless variety and excellent sound quality. I'll have Spotify on my phone, tablet, laptop AND PC as long as I'm here to enjoy it. I'd highly recommend you giving it a try. You won't be sorry!",0,5,spotify
1670,Richard Indich,"February 8, 2023","What's New Notifications. When it come this notification feature I actually enjoy seeing every week, what my favourite artists I follow have uploaded to Spotify. Something I've seen quite frequently is that I'll get notifications for Artists I don't follow in the app but are in the genre of artists i follow. Even sadder is, I won't find out about a new album or an EP from artists I follow till days after it's been released on the app. This might be a personalisation issue that sould be fixed.",0,3,spotify
1671,Kieran J,"February 8, 2023",They serve ads in their podcasts even if you have a paid premium subscription. The app startup time before your music plays is very long (+15s). Sometimes doesn't play your offline music. It's been a steady decline in app quality over the last couple of years.,0,1,spotify
1672,Marianne Barnes Paskiewicz,"February 12, 2023",Great experience on Spotify! I get to be my own DJ and choose music based on my moods. I love that it offers the chance to explore more of an artist's songs. I have found many old favorites and newer artists I might never have listened to.,0,5,spotify
1673,Paye Nappeule,"February 11, 2023","👍 •Swipe to add to queue •It plays only the songs that were shown as search results when you click in search. Great feature to listen to a specific artist without another playlist •Lyrics for most songs •Songs in the queue are only played once, but you can put them in ""play next"" to avoid it 👎 •""Shuffle"" plays the same 20 songs all over again •When connecting to a TV, it shows ALL the songs streamed recently ONE BY ONE •Sometimes they remove the possibility of scrolling down quickly in Liked",21 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1674,Nick Mauldin,"February 10, 2023","App all of a sudden pauses my music when I am doing something as basic as switching to another app on my phone. Cleared cache, reinstalling and rebooting. Permissions are correct. I pay too much money for Spotify to behave like a free version of Pandora.",0,1,spotify
1675,Kaiden Tellis,"February 19, 2023","would rate higher if didn't have this problem, everytime I listen to my playlist of 60 songs (on shuffle) for an hour it doesn't play all the songs and just plays a somg thats not on my playlist. At first it would be a song i actually liked but now it just plays a song not on my playlist but it says is on it so i can only either waste my skips or listen to it.",0,2,spotify
1676,Mathew Meyers,"February 5, 2023","The most recent update ruined the app. You can no longer access your queue, you can't see what music is in an album, etc. They really screwed up this time. Now they use these features as seeking points for the premium plan.",0,1,spotify
1677,Luke,"February 12, 2023",Worst app for music I have used. They add music to playlist you have created randomly. Constant advertising and in general bad service of app I do not recommend it. There are plenty of better apps for music that are worth it for cheaper. And the free version is horrendous.,0,1,spotify
1678,zeke weber-loomis,"February 13, 2023",Great app with all the music/ podcasts one could want until a few months ago when podcasts and music I don't have downloaded will stop randomly and I can't start it again without closing the app and opening it again. Sometimes even sound that doesn't work.,0,3,spotify
1679,Bethany Tishler,"February 11, 2023",I have never had any issues with Spotify. I definitely couldn't live without it! But my one issue is I like listening to podcasts and music depending on what I am doing but when I go back to my podcast I have to scroll all the way down to try and find where I am up to on my podcast.. I just wish there was an option where I can continue where I left off from the podcast and not have to scroll for 5 minutes looking for the green tick just so I can find where I am up to.,0,4,spotify
1680,Kirsten Richmond,"February 19, 2023",Stops working randomly when I'm listening to my podcasts. I use the feature where I can listen to it while I'm not on the app but it stops playing all the time!!! Please sort it out the whole point is to listen on the go.,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1681,Eric Laforge,"February 8, 2023",I try to make it work like the radio . If a can follow and automatically download on wifi so I can listen on my next shift like a playlist but I keep needing to touch my phone illegally because it's not playing what I asked like previous followed podcast. It plays already played stuff over and over again. 1o years ago the google one worked better but I want the Joe Rogan podcast but not repeat. I love the 1.5 x option. Fix my experience so I stop commiting crimes by touching my phone and drive.,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1682,elle tnahc,"February 12, 2023","Autoplay disabled but still automatically plays in my car. Tried looking at forums for troubleshooting to stop this to no avail. Annoying glitch & wonder if it's not disabling because spotify wants to show higher listening times for their advertisers? A part from this annoyance, I do appreciate the app & array of songs and podcasts.",0,2,spotify
1683,Kyra Russell,"February 11, 2023",It was great for awhile until i had to delete it for storage reasons and even though i had all my login details saved my account and the overall app was ruined when i downloaded it again. Everthing in my playlists are gone and even when i wanted to listen to others playlists those were empty too. My profile had the a different user name and even though the app was all messed the web player still had everything of mine saved. Its weird and i hate it cause it was genuinely a good app...,0,1,spotify
1684,Henok Yemam,"February 5, 2023","The gift that keeps on giving. Intuitive design, amazing selection of music and podcast. The recommendation keeps getting better, not stuck in your historical choice of music like YouTube but rather keeps delighting you with fresh suggestions.",0,5,spotify
1685,BOSS DESTROYER,"February 8, 2023","Soonest your payments don't go through. App will start going crazy on you it will not play the song you pick, and it will keep changing songs on you every 30 seconds , and it will give you so many ads. Until you update your new credit card info. Once I did that , it started working again. . I am very disappointed. I have never seen anything like this before",0,1,spotify
1686,Chris B,"February 10, 2023",Always have issues with music starting at beginning of my list and not where it stopped at. Plus a few months ago Spotify tried to charge me extra saying that I was sharing my account. Been paying for service for about 9 years now and about to droo the service just because of these issues.,0,1,spotify
1687,Matheo Villacres,"February 18, 2023","Great but watch app needs more work, even from my Galaxy Watch 4 own os has option to rewind 5 seconds if holding the play next button and when trying to get my watch to play music it opens Bluetooth devices. Good music, fast loading speeds, yet lyrics are only available on like 70% of songs",0,4,spotify
1688,Tracey Humphreys,"February 8, 2023","I love being able to find & create my own playlists that I name based on how I feel. Also, I love how it creates Playlists based on how often I listen to certain genres which introduces me to new music AND a yearly playlist of that particular year of my faves. Great podcasts like storytelling series & meditation for kids & adults, too! I've enjoyed Spotify (w/Hulu pkgd) for 6+ yrs, & I can't see how I could EVER go w/o it!",0,5,spotify
1689,Savior (Flamin_Rei),"February 8, 2023",A whole lotta updates and nothings changed. Whenever I'm listening to a song I have to get through 4 different songs to get to the one I actually wanna listen too. Not to mention when I listen to my playlist it loves to jump around instead of going in the order I put the songs in.,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1690,michelle nicholls,"February 12, 2023","Was okay, I don't have premium and I don't want it, I've just listened to Spotify for 45 min, 2 of my songs came on, the rest was ads that repeated themselves and other songs not on my play list, poor show Spotify. I'm going to listen to music on YouTube for the rest of day.",0,1,spotify
1691,Michael Sherry,"February 12, 2023",Great App. It's a treasure trove of music. Search features are rich and library is almost endless it seems. I have been using the free version up to this point but seriously considering a paid subscription.,0,5,spotify
1692,Zepar,"February 11, 2023","Only issue i had is to not being able to slide right to add to queqe in my liked playlist. Rest all is amazing! Edit: i came back to give a one star review , my Spotify account shows ""no internet connection"" error I've researched, it's showing up for many people. I don't think I'll ever purchase or even use Spotify again . Edit 2 :- I'm back again , Well....a little embarrassed at my outlash . But yes issue is fixed , i should say sorry for doubting Spotify even more i thank them 😊",141 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1693,Harmony Patterson,"February 10, 2023","i really love this app, and I'm sort of relying on it to give me songs to listen to. but, since the most recent update, it keeps crashing and forcing closed. hopefully it will fix itself before the problem becomes irreversible!",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1694,Tizz Dion,"February 19, 2023","Worst music app ever.! Doesn't matter if it's paid for or free. You're still forced to hear music you don't want to hear. The option to actually hide a band so it won't play, well you can hot that button all you want because it doesn't work.!",0,1,spotify
1695,Steven Kurjack,"February 19, 2023",Great music and format is easy to navigate. Love the bio's on the artists and especially the lyrics being posted while the music plays. So much better than Pandora! Tell everyone about how much more music is included with all my favorite artists with Spotify. You guys rock. Keep on jamming everyone at Spotify. Big fan of all of you!,0,4,spotify
1696,Tony Keary,"February 9, 2023",I've discovered so many new bands and artists through this app. It's incredible. The fact it also tracks gigs and concerts is amazing. The only thing I'd say is that there could be more free audiobooks but whatever. I'm not picky.,0,5,spotify
1697,Aditya Dasgupta,"February 4, 2023","Great App 👌! But one problem even if autoplay is off, after you stop playing the song, the song popup doesn't go and remains there. It is a bit annoying so please add an option to stop playing the song.",0,4,spotify
1698,Your local olive Olivia,"February 13, 2023","Dont add random songs to my playlist I made myself its really annoying and i know the song is most likely in a playlist of recommendations but i dont want it added. I noticed that after at least two-three ads there's one where it's says ""now after this ad enjoy 30 mins of ad free music"" or something like that then after two songs that are atleast 3 min long each THEREs AN AD? Also some songs don't have the right lyrics ex:Just like fire by P!NK and if you check ""get 'em runnin"" is ""run it""",0,3,spotify
1699,42 Pratika Varsha.R.S,"February 12, 2023","Love the app overall, but I've been having a problem for the past few months. I cant seem to play songs by Katy Perry anymore. Is it just me? I used to be a diehard fan of Katy Perry and listen to most of her songs, but I'm unable to do so in the app. If I ever want to, I have to go to some other app such as YouTube to play. But her songs are available to play in my sister's phone... Please fix this problem if possible.",0,4,spotify
1700,Leonel,"February 4, 2023",I love this app at first but I didn't know I had the premium for 14 days and when it ended I got confused and mad by not telling me it was on premium. Worst of all was when I wanted to hear liked songs and it suddenly gave me songs that I Hated. Please remove this Spotify I don't mind you guys pick the order of the song but don't be picking our songs it is not fun and I've gotten in trouble for this. Thank you,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1701,Robert Medina,"February 7, 2023","Still... Needs a feature to disable automatic connection to car stereo. Other media apps never connect. No solutions from Spotify work. App does not run in background, it just connects. And I always have to open the app, then close the app, just to disconnect.",0,2,spotify
1702,Mason Davies,"February 9, 2023","It's a great app don't get me wrong but you could be off it for ages and your playlust will stay where it is, to add to that half the song I listen to aren't on my playlist and that's because I can't even restart a playlist, besides all that and the ads every 4 songs I would recommend it",0,4,spotify
1703,Lionel Brown,"February 12, 2023",If I play any playlist and connect to a Bluetooth speaker to get better sound quality then it disconnects my wireless. For a long time I thought I had a problem with my phone but it is only with Spotify that it does this. Changed to YouTube music now,0,1,spotify
1704,logan stewart,"February 9, 2023","Good service for finding new music, or old music thats hard to find but my songs shouldnt keep disappearing from my playlists/liked songs constantly when I'm paying for this. And now that i don't pay suddenly (when I decided to use Spotify again) I get up to 3 or 4 ads after every 1 to 2 songs",0,1,spotify
1705,Noah Millard,"February 10, 2023","My experience was good on spotify. I think it's definitely 5 out of 5 content, and the only downside is that u have to buy a subscription to skip songs, and I think it is like 6 skips every 1 hour but other than that five out of five.",0,5,spotify
1706,Devin Kimmel,"February 7, 2023","Smart shuffle has completely ruined my spotify experience to the point I dont even want to pay money any more if I am shuffle threw and find a song I like and I know the next song is good I usually just turned of shuffle but now it filters in new song and messes the whole queue up, and if I turn it off the playlist is shuffled again and messes it all up and sometimes just doesnt remove the songs, super aggravating please add a disable option please add old option for recommended songs not this",0,1,spotify
1707,Ghin Hay Fok,"February 19, 2023","The app is nice, but its irritating when 2 SAME ADS PLAY. The only time you get 30 minutes of uninterrupted listening is when you listen to playlists made by spotify. Really irritatinf, especially since I have absolutely no money to get the premium version.",0,3,spotify
1708,stormy keefer,"February 12, 2023",The music just stops randomly! It has nothing to do with connection or service it's just at random. I have permissions turned on for everything and still just randomly shuts off and have to reopen the app to get it to do anything.,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1709,Rory Cooper,"February 6, 2023",1. Keeps eating all my phones ram and freezing it dose this on my pc to please reverse whatever update you did to break it was fine last year now it's not so good👎 2. The suggestions are annoying you would think after adding 100+ songs they would stop please no more i have to remove 10 to 12 songs consecutively to get my original playlist 😠 3. Way to many add if been geting 5 adds then 2 songs then 5 adds It's getting ridiculous 😒,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1710,Evan Oliver Eleazar,"February 13, 2023","Always very satisfied. No down time experience, so far. Been using the app for 3 years now. And all the songs that I want are available all the time. The lyrics is also a big boost. Thanks Spotify!",0,5,spotify
1711,Robertus Van Den Braak,"February 14, 2023",For years it was a great music streaming application but the company has now become complacent. The application continually stutters or crashes requires multiple resets while listening to a session of music. There is now the opportunity for another streaming company to do better.,0,1,spotify
1712,Koda Allen,"February 10, 2023",this app is basically my life. its awesome especially with the help of premium because of the ad free but even without premium the app is awesome. the ads may be annoying but there's easy way to get out of an ad and still enjoy your time. Thank you spotify you are literally a life saver.,0,5,spotify
1713,Cecil Bundesen,"February 5, 2023","Always been a great source for music and podcasts BUT FOR THE LAST FEW MONTHS THE APP HAS CONSTANTLY CRASHED, FROZE, NOT LOADED ETC... paid subscription on android. please make the app less buggy. Also lots of issues going in and out of cell reception/ turning offline mode on and off. Feel free to contact with any questions",0,2,spotify
1714,Loretta Tonzing,"February 14, 2023",I'm a premium user. I've noticed lately that if I'm not keeping Spotify open then it stops working. It has told me to go I to settings to change it. I have and still nothing. Why has it done this all of a sudden. Was working greT before this glitch. 🤦‍♀️,0,2,spotify
1715,Marco D. Rompré,"February 18, 2023","Spotify is a really nice app and I really enjoy it. That said, it seems that the app is having some connection issue with the Pixel family from Google. Some hot fix is coming out soon in a next version, so Pixel users stay tuned!",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1716,Shaikh Anjum,"February 15, 2023",Used to love this app I've been using it since past 4 years but the recent updates have messed it up for me Please bring back the old interface it was quite easy to use I'm okay with the ads but removing so many options just so people will be forced to buy your subscription I've switched to YouTube music Will wait till Spotify brings back the old interface,0,2,spotify
1717,Drea m Tiger (Nightmare Puma),"February 7, 2023","Overall underwhelming experience. Ads are excessive, can't view a proper track listing with the free account. I thought about coming back to a paid Spotify account however the widget lacks layout options and customization so I'll stick with the alternative for now.",0,2,spotify
1718,Blair Campbell,"February 6, 2023","I don't understand how Spotify can spend millions upon millions of dollars on podcast content and at the same time provide one of the worst podcast listening experiences on Android. I'll be in the middle of a podcast and it'll jump to another one with zero prompt. If I pause during an ad and resume, it'll often reset the podcast to the beginning. If I stop listening to a podcast halfway through and then resume it the next day, it'll play from the beginning and forget my position. FIX IT PLEASE!",80 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1719,Beth Wright,"February 10, 2023",I used to love this app. Now the amount of adds are just annoying. I only end up listening for about 15 minutes before I get annoyed and close it. I can spend the amount for a membership and buy songs to add to my current collection and then I have no adds.,0,2,spotify
1720,To Me,"February 19, 2023","A fantastic App.... spoiled by the consuming adds. One song, three ads all the time. I personally don't care for or about contiki. I just want to listen to music at a chosen time. Spotify you will end up being rejected like YouTube if this continues. 👍🏻",0,3,spotify
1721,Veda E.A. Nienhuser,"February 13, 2023","I'll take back that I said before because now that I have the premium version it isn't so bad , plus I think they changed the amount of unnecessary restrictions. It's a good app because it personalizes your playlists and gives you fun opportunities for themed playlists. Now I understand why premium is so worth it.",166 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1722,Lenn Vanderbiesen,"February 11, 2023","Ok, it plays music bit you need you have premium tot listen without ads, to listen to sings without internet, to skip as many songs you want to, to see what's the next song, to play the previous song, to not have Spotify put horrible songs in your playlist and to choose 1 song you want to play without ten different songs before you hear the song. The app is horrible if you dont have premium but if you have it, it's good.",0,1,spotify
1723,Deepesh Abrol,"February 14, 2023","The music experience is good but the error with my premium makes me hate to use the application, I purchased Spotify Mini Plan (7 days) and it isn't allowing me to use 30 downloaded songs! It says remove downloads from other devices but the account isn't used in another mobile.",0,1,spotify
1724,Grant S,"February 17, 2023","Update- The full page ads are getting worse, and I am still being pushed non-music content I do not want. I have a paid account and still recieve ad after ad, popup after popup for content I actively dislike and ask not to see again. I dont want to see it, I didnt used to see it, and now they take my subscription and still push the Obamas podcasts, Harry and Kates podcasts, Marvel's black panther soundtrack etc to my front page. The whole point of paying is to not see pushed content/ads.",0,1,spotify
1725,Anna Bholee,"February 7, 2023","When I click on a song is just plays the preview version while I WANT TO LISTEN TO THE WHOLE DAMN SONG, AND THERE IS NO BUTTON TO TURN THAT SHUFFLING off, likes it wasn't like that a week before and right now when I try to use the app it does that??? Like fix it please, I've tried looking for solutions on YouTube and so many people are getting frustrated",0,1,spotify
1726,Val Havard,"February 13, 2023","When I tried to sign up to the Spotify app with my email address it said there was already an account with my email address. Yet I had never downloaded the Spotify app before, I have never previously used Spotify and I'd never before signed up to or tried to sign up to Spotify. I found it very disconcerting and it has put me off wanting to have the Spotify app and it isn't worth it just to listen to one blog.",0,1,spotify
1727,Simic Eilish,"February 4, 2023","I have been dumbfounded by the same issue and received a similar email, and there are no violations in my playlist that I am aware of. What I noticed this morning was that my list has apparently been removed by Spotify??? I am very upset as I have been creating this list for a very long time, and I am completely at loss, as it’s my to go list! Could you please explain this to me? Thank you in advance for getting back to me, as I can seem to reach anyone on Spotify about this.",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1728,Om Singh,"February 12, 2023","I am changing this review bcos now most of the issues are fixed and i enjoy using the app but, individual song downloads should be available right in the player for convenience as it takes a part of my time to go to the song album then download it whole or just add it to some playlist then get it, intead the in player download feature would be so much handy, pls bring it in!",0,4,spotify
1729,Herbivore 710,"February 11, 2023","For many months now the app is very broken on the Amazon Fire stick. When I select a song from My Daily Mix it plays 4-5 songs in random order, and repeats them over and over. No, shuffle is not enabled. Please fix the app on the Fire Stick",0,1,spotify
1730,Erin Farmer,"February 4, 2023","I absolutely love Spotify! I prefer it over any other music/podcast app out there.. anything you could possibly want (with the exception of Garth Brooks unfortunately, but that's his loss really..) you can find right here on Spotify. There is absolutely no need to go elsewhere! 👍👍👍",0,5,spotify
1731,Nate H,"February 11, 2023",It's great only downside I have is that for things like skiping songs playing specific songs you have pay I don't want to do that just give me adds every once and a while and let me listen to what I want...because of this I'm giving it a 4 star because at least podcasts can be played the way I wish the music could to,0,4,spotify
1732,Pratham Shah,"February 13, 2023","Too many small issues, like cannot add song to queue from search screen, too many clicka to find the queue. And now the music playback is also bad, starts chopping audio every 10 or so seconds. It went from best to worst pretty quickly",0,1,spotify
1733,Katie Galbraith,"February 18, 2023","Since I've upgraded to Samsung 23 plus. It cuts out all the time Fine on anything else. But constantly cutting out is incredibly frustrating! I pay premium, I want to be able to use it without that happening. Fix the issue please",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1734,Jessica Hutchinson,"February 20, 2023","Use to have no problems with this app, but since one of the updates, it constantly stops playing in the middle of a song and I either have to start the song over or skip to the next song, and even then it'll will still cut the song off.",0,2,spotify
1735,Alex Kang,"February 17, 2023","Look the interface kinda sucks but it's usable. The recommended podcasts suck balls. If I dislike multiple episodes of a single podcast, how does your algorithm figure oh another episode from that podcast will really get your nether bits tingly. Same with song shuffles. How is a 19 hour playlist playing the same song 5 times in an hour? Really? Your shuffle algorithm sucks and needs to be fixed.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1736,Larry Camacho,"February 10, 2023",The only reason I use Spotify is because it is the best option in my country (that's lamentable). But it's so bad that you can't even delete a played song from your listening history —regardless of so many users requesting it for years.,0,1,spotify
1737,Lily Faith,"February 15, 2023",I don't usely rate apps but ever since I got spotify it has been the only place I've listend to music from and yes the adds do get annoying some time but I'm ok with it with all the other things it give. Its not just music to theres Audiobooks and podcasts if you don't like adds or you would like to listen to music ofline do so with premium $10 a month with first 3 months free I think thats a good amount of money for the stuff given.,0,5,spotify
1738,Tom Steynen,"February 9, 2023","Still a great app for music (I'm a premium member) but lately I've been getting very frustrated with issues when switching between devices. I often need to disconnect, restart Spotify and connect again before it works.",0,3,spotify
1739,Eric Watson,"February 9, 2023",I love this app! The only annoying point is when I'm listening to a specific musician it'll start playing others' albums that are related by genre. I don't want that. I want to hear the person I picked.,0,5,spotify
1740,Aashish Kishnani,"February 10, 2023","Could find songs but not podcasts??? I've been trying harder like each name and clicking on genres like podcast on science, clicking there doesn't show anything......???? While going to other categories which are useless to me loads quick, again, some songs..... Are podcast not supported? What's going on..... Uninstalling....",0,1,spotify
1741,Xander Hemnani,"February 8, 2023","To be honest, Spotify is pretty good except the ads if you don't have premium, but to be honest, premiums worth it in my opinion if you listen to music a lot and it also makes playlists for you based off of your mixes and actually a lot of music I listen to is Spotify is recommendations based off of original music that I like",0,5,spotify
1742,Daniel Saubert,"February 10, 2023","Works most of the time but when a bug does come up, it's usually app breaking. Update 10/1/2022 now the deeplinking of Spotify URLs takes two tries every time to actually open the link. Update: 2/8/2023 Every single time I open the app, I have to wait 8-12 seconds for all the facets to load.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1743,Frederick Bonilla,"February 7, 2023",Would give it five but to many commercials sometimes and it should be relative to what I'm listening to. Reggea night should not have rock commercials if that makes any sense. If I listening to Christian music commercials shouldn't have swears or profanity. I have been a member for a while haven't left yet. Most of the time in my past it was because to many commercials please don't let it get to that point. The rest I have no complains great suggestive Playlists. A way we could print the words,0,4,spotify
1744,Selina Skipper,"February 15, 2023",I use to never have a problem with spotify but as soon as i signed up to the premium plan my music now cuts in and out and instead of seemless play it like stops between songs for a extended period of time or untill i open the app. Very disappointed EDITED to add 15/02/2023 it has started once again but worse i know have to open the app and press play this is stupid,0,3,spotify
1745,Yehia Shawkat,"February 11, 2023","Equalizer button! Overall the app is better than most others, though gets complicated to go straight to what you like. Having an equlizer button, and one for the sleep timer would really improve the experience.",0,4,spotify
1746,Whiteowl 7883,"February 20, 2023",Everything works well.. the only thing j have an issue is with the audio quality through Andriod Auto. I feel it's really quiet compared to radio or satellite radio. I wish they had some type of amplifier built in so you could make it crank just a little more.,0,4,spotify
1747,SPYッŽÛŤŘØÑ,"February 10, 2023",The app is so annoying because i need those downloads for the whole subscription. But i have to download them every day i can't download my whole 200 songs playlist. Because i use cellular network. I don't have a wifi so please change this YouTube music is very good im download categories so please fix this or my subscription will go to waste.,0,2,spotify
1748,Chris Haley,"February 4, 2023","The new No Playing UI is horrible. Much more difficult to navigate across albums, artists, and the active playlists. Not sure why this team always insists on ""fixing"" things that function perfectly.",0,2,spotify
1749,Haley Roberts,"February 9, 2023","Spotify has started playing songs not in my playlist even if tho I have autoplay and all related options turned off, I had already gone out of my way previously to stop songs not in my playlist from playing and it had worked, but now it's happening again, I'm just going to stop using this app, not impressed",0,1,spotify
1750,Jon Arment,"February 9, 2023","The only reason I have this app is to listen to the JRE, but I can't get through a single show without the app crashing or switching episodes. It's not bc my phone is in my pocket. It often happens when my phone is sitting by itself. Besides that issue, it's a pain to browse episodes. There 2k episodes, you'd think I could easily browse the catalog, but no. There's also certain episodes that just won't stream. Who the hell are business execs to censor MDs anyway? Shame on you Spotify...",0,1,spotify
1751,Joe,"February 18, 2023","Free spotify is no spotify. Hadn't used this in years outside the desktop app and installed the free version on my phone. The malicious premium marketing and intentional user experience impairment of free is terrible. I honestly don't mind the ads, it's everything else like skips and forced shuffle nonsense",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1752,Stefan Tomic,"February 12, 2023","Plays songs randomly when it's off, annoying ads, plays random songs instead of the one I started. I started using it so I can watch/listen JRE, but I'll have to use browser instead. Browser version is good so far",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1753,Jonny Overowa,"February 17, 2023","The app is great, even for free with it's ads but having made a playlist and everytime I play it all it does is play all the music that I have liked and even recommended. So I took the feature off from my playlist and played it once more. It still does the same thing. Basically I don't have a personal playlist, it's like not having a playlist if it's gonna play all the music that I have liked. Makes no sense, so I was about to erase all like songs or make a new playlist but why would I do that?",0,1,spotify
1754,adebantale taleojo,"February 19, 2023",Spotify is an amazing app however I add songs to my playlist and it adds random songs to my playing and also I try to play a song and yet it plays random songs That's not the only problems you can only skip six songs. Spotify used to be a great app to listen to music and know its a mess.,0,3,spotify
1755,chirag saxena,"February 6, 2023",I was spotify since last 2 years but now faced a very big problem. My account hacked for multiple times in a day and was using from multiple locations. Worst experience. I have sent a mail on thier official mail id but didn't get any response. Bad customer service support.,0,1,spotify
1756,Steve Stremplewski,"February 8, 2023",Been a fan of this app since the day it came out. Recently I've been experiencing problems with playing songs through Android Auto. A song's loading screen never ends. Hopefully a fix for this comes soon!!,0,4,spotify
1757,Bulumko,"February 4, 2023","After changing storage location to SD, some of my music won't show on my library. Sometimes I have to go to the search tab and manually search for the song/album and like it again. (For it to re-appear on my downloaded songs)",0,2,spotify
1758,Jod Prince,"February 9, 2023",If you do have premium and can afford it it's amazingly good but if you don't bruhhhh The adsssssssss are gonna ruin your music experience. Except that premium is hella good for your music experience as no ads Download at highest quality and can enjoy with no interruptions. Well it probably sounds like an ad but yeah.,0,4,spotify
1759,Emma Brown,"February 11, 2023",This app is TRASH BRO I can't play a song I have to click shuffle and everything is a playlist and when I try to listen to my own playlists it'll randomly play some trash recommend song in-between not only that but it only gives you 6 skips so you can't even skip to the song you want most of the time and also there is no button to loop the song are you gonna make me buy some dumb premium on a mobile app for these features when I can go to YouTube music and get YouTube premium free for a week,0,1,spotify
1760,Alaina,"February 5, 2023","It's very complicated. I can't play any songs I want, I can't turn off shuffle, and it keeps playing when I don't even have the app opened (like not AT ALL). ITS SO ANNOYING I hate it. You have to pay to listen to the song you want and it's ridiculous.",0,1,spotify
1761,So Sorry,"February 10, 2023","I enjoy the format of the app and Spotify wrapped but the amount of ads are overwhelming. I understand they need to have lots of ads for multiple reasons, but it's just too many and ruins the experience.",0,3,spotify
1762,Yiannis Demetriou,"February 6, 2023",Great app. I can find 99% of the songs I search for. Great audio quality. The only complain I have is that local songs Inhave on my phone don't appear in the library as they should. That is why I removenone star.,0,4,spotify
1763,Vid Markovinović,"February 15, 2023","There are a lot of unnecessary adds for buying the premium that ruin the experience of two most important things: travel and studying. There is also a problem where i hit the song of my choice, it doesn't play that song, instead it plays random song that i have putted on block.",0,2,spotify
1764,Mhax Diego SALAS,"February 7, 2023",It's great! I have been listening for a month and it was amazing! The only thing that i'm annoyed rn is when i click other songs it take minutes b4 it can finally stream. That's my only problem here. I hope that would get fixed ASAP. Thank You!,0,3,spotify
1765,lemonlime_ sublime,"February 17, 2023","When I tried to sign up for the 3 months free with a Samsung acct, the page was in partial English. When I tried to change my country, it wasn't listed. Talked to an agent who gave me a link for the 1 free month. That's bs. That page was also in partial English. Sketchy AF. Going back to iheartradio.",0,1,spotify
1766,Jobin George,"February 19, 2023","Songs sound quality is not good. I'm premium member and set very high quality audio, still sound effect is not good (I'm using sennheiser earphone). It's not my phone's or earphone's issue. I'm using Gaana too, It's providing best sound quality with low price. I've moved to Spotify because, Spotify providing more new songs, but sound quality is poor.",0,1,spotify
1767,Merek Mumm,"February 13, 2023",It was good at first but the more you use the app the more problems you have your playlists will out of no were go on random play music and half of them are not even on my playlist when I trun off my phone it will start glitching and adds play after evrey song and you have to pay for those problems to go way the do that so you pay for a fix,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1768,MEGA SIMP,"February 20, 2023","It just annoys me a bit, Because on my tablet and desktop computer I can pick the song from a playlist to listen to, be on my phone it doesn't let me do that. And I mean I am a person who follows order and needs familiar things or I automatically dislike it, but other than that, it's a good app, this is just me being petty I guess idk, look at this if you want",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1769,Nicholas Holt,"February 7, 2023",Great! Only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating is because I've had to change accounts a few times due to whatever reasons in my pursonal life and it being extremely hard to do an account recovery. Also it's quite expensive at times and if you're late they take away any I downloaded music.,0,4,spotify
1770,Chris M,"February 7, 2023",I like the app. The reason I have given it 1 star and why I keep deleting the app is the auto connect / auto play. Everytime I connect via blue tooth Spotify starts playing even if the app is closed. I have yet to find a way to disable this. If this can be resolved I'll 5 star it,0,1,spotify
1771,Duane Petitclerc,"February 10, 2023",I really like how easy it is to use but what would be really cool if you had some kind of voice activated functions like putting together a playlist would be really cool cuz then you could do it quickly name it and then start another one if you could do that I would never switch I already recommended two people but I would be a harbinger of truth if you did that to everybody I know and some I don't LOL,0,5,spotify
1772,Perfect Dude,"February 19, 2023","BRROOO Spotify is the best when it comes to mobile, computer and in general all devices! You can even play music and podcasts while out of the app as I'm typing this I'm listening to anime intros! Would really recommend to everyone!",0,5,spotify
1773,Renegade Dragon 57,"February 19, 2023","It usually works fine for what I want, but they've added an enhance mode for playlists. My problem is the enhanced mode acts on its own and add bs that I don't want to hear to playlists I created on my own. There's a reason I created my own playlists *cough*",0,1,spotify
1774,Ronald Terry,"February 18, 2023","I listen to Spotify all the time because no matter what genre I or my family and friends decide to either listen to and or just enjoy while partying I listen to my favorite music app Spotify! Kudos to the developers, management, staff, etc. Spotify is an awesome entertaining and high tech also!",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1775,Jason Brown,"February 8, 2023","I started a free trial a few years ago and my account along with many others was hacked. I chose not to continue paid. Now, I'd like a paid membership and can't have one because I used my free trial. I called customer service and they have no way to start a paid subscription without a new free trial. I've got playlists and don't want to make a new email, create a new accout, change my login device, and use a new form of payment. Just make an option to skip the free trial, it will help many.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1776,Gracie Jones,"February 10, 2023",I use this app a lot and it's probably got to be my favorite music app. I enjoy that you can make playlists and things like that. One thing I don't really enjoy however is having to listen to a few songs before getting what you wanted.,0,5,spotify
1777,Ella Morris,"February 15, 2023",It helps you to listen to music You don't have to download YouTube music. It's just like a kids one. This one is really nice for people that like music. It really helps them to relax. I use it every day after school. I'm in year 4 even though I'm a child. Doesn't mean I can't have it. Little children should allowed to have this. It's really good for your health,0,5,spotify
1778,Lisa Jones,"February 14, 2023","One of many options for podcasts + music. However, the Spotify ads are awful because of the female voice with vocal fry. Worse, the ads themselves are irrelevant. If you don't pay for Premium, you suffer hearing an ad after every single track. I only keep it for Meghan & Harry's Archewell podcast.",13 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1779,Rhys Allen,"February 19, 2023","Been using the app for a while dispite being expensive, now Spotify have decided to edit the lyrics of songs and remove words. I am over 18 and pay for a service, what right does spotify have to start editing songs and determining what i choose to listen to.",0,1,spotify
1780,Natasha Rogerson,"February 10, 2023",I love Spotify. I have access to pretty much any music I can think of and also download my playlists so that I don't use mobile data up when I'm out and about. I would never think of switching services.,0,5,spotify
1781,Zac Morris,"February 9, 2023","Its okay if you expect the app to just work then dont, i have to open and close it a bunch before it just works the way it was meant to. UPDATE App is still terrible, worse infact, now it refuses to actually save searches despite obviously being supposed to, its lacking most songs folks actually like, constant other issues",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1782,Ippiki Õkami (Lone wolf),"February 4, 2023","Really pleased that as a Samsung owner I got 3 months free to try this out with premium, I'll admit its not worth the fifth star, but because it isn't, but because there's always something that can improve it, like translating into native language of the user, and keeping zero gates between regions, so people can enjoy the music they like without restrictions on location",0,4,spotify
1783,R S,"February 7, 2023",Please move the like ♥ button out of the cramped up play bar in the app. There's three buttons in extremely close proximity. Some of us like our liked songs to stay in chronological order. Or add a prompt to confirm removing a song from liked songs.,0,3,spotify
1784,Jai LeMaster,"February 8, 2023","I don't have any issues with the app just working. I look forward to the discover weekly music, and eagerly play it every Monday morning. Personally, by far my favorite music app I've used.",0,5,spotify
1785,Jonathan Beckhart,"February 11, 2023","Never been a fan of user friendliness, clunky interface. Does not display Metadata via Bluetooth in my 2020 subaru and it is doesn't look like a fix has ever been addressed. Back to Google music probably, unless someone can follow up with a fix or a timeline to fix",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1786,davit shishmanashvili,"February 12, 2023","thank goodness you fixed most of the issues and it is enjoyable now. one problem i encounter now is that every time i exit app (or close it from background), it deletes all downloaded music (i do have premium) and i have to redownload it every day which sucks honestly. otherwise it became a good app now that i can properly listen to music i like.",0,4,spotify
1787,Omkar Kulkarni,"February 18, 2023",Too much advertisement after 2 min song full add with video...? Using all data on unnecessary add and can't skip it. Background add or in the 15-30 min gap is good but who will play like this! Only song collection is good 🙂 but need to fix video advertisement and frequency of add,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1788,Michael tipsymp91@hotmail.com,"February 14, 2023","I did use this app for podcasts since with music it was half adds, well now they've started this also with my podcasts and the adds have nothing to do with what I listen too. Nothing I hate worse then being slammed with adds with nothing to do with anything. They love to complain how adds revenue is so low, this is why. I will not buy premium I will not be manipulated into wasting my money because of trash adds not even decent adds just trash.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1789,Matt D,"February 13, 2023","""Only app I like enough to pay a monthly payment for"". I have a large playlist of the music I like. And can follow the podcasts I like. The car mode could use a little bit of work but it is easily disabled if needed.",4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1790,Michael Hall,"February 6, 2023",The only thing I would change is the ads on the free version of the app. The program should be able to at least ask what language you speak and tailor ads to you based on that information. I couldn't understand a single ad for years. Then I got premium. Recommendation: just get the premium. XD,0,5,spotify
1791,simon w,"February 13, 2023","Fair selection music but interface a bit glitchy, adds songs to playlists without asking, has to be uninstalled and reinstalled to solve (temporarily), shuffle just repeats the same selection after a while. Given this is their whole existence they really should do better.",0,2,spotify
1792,Manya Sharma,"February 11, 2023","the app is great and user friendly. i had a few suggestions.. for editing playlists, you could introduce the add songs option for songs in the middle too so that users can remove or add songs from wherever they want.",0,4,spotify
1793,Ace,"February 18, 2023","The ads are insufferable!! Cant even listen to a single playlist without an ad coming up literally after every single song. (On god, im not kidding.) I understand they run adds to make money and stuffs, but like man- are you really that desperate for money??! I wouldn't mind a quick ad or smt after a few songs but after every single one? Plus at the gym man, cant do anything bc theres ads all the damn time coming up right when im abt to hit my pr.",0,1,spotify
1794,Cynthia Wangari,"February 13, 2023",Spotify is a bit boring right now because one can't listen to a specific song unless you shuffle.. and I don't really think it's kinda nice that you've decided unless your using premium you won't be able to listen to songs 😒 the other times before that update it was fine.. please return that,0,1,spotify
1795,Saklain Samdani,"February 11, 2023","Awesome app for song .It have enormous no. Of song .Any song you search , mostly you will definitely get the song.but I think,we a improvement .That when we search a song or like a song than app should show similar songs options also.I think very lovely option because most of listener want this .",0,4,spotify
1796,Theo De kooker,"February 5, 2023","Moment you pay a subscription... the enhanced feature stops working... in reflect, you start searching manually... very annoying... i paid it simply because they have a awsome app. Searxhing songs in relevance to your preference.. pay.... then it stops",0,4,spotify
1797,pratik manjare,"February 5, 2023","Would've rated 4 stars because I love the quality of songs along with the quantity you have. I've been using spotify since 2019 & and the only thing I believe the company needs to work on is their Security. I mean, honestly, if the password of the users & I mean Premium users are somehow getting available on pirated websites, Spotify needs to put in a ton of work in maintaining the encryption.(is there's any at all). I believe this will be sorted ASAP",0,1,spotify
1798,Md.Habibur Rahman (Binoy),"February 3, 2023","This app contains a lot of bugs, sometimes music become paused & the search engine is not reliable at all. Please fix it @Spotify AB . I am a fan of Spotify that's why I am giving it a 3 star or else I will give it a 2 star rating.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1799,Ethan St.Jean,"February 6, 2023","Like the app, however I wish they would bring back the discover feature! I loved the option to scroll through like tiktok and find new music! It was one of my favourite things and it was so unique! Please make it a permanent feature",0,4,spotify
1800,Mac Lennan Samuel,"February 3, 2023","Allow us to upload our own mp3s similar to other platforms. Have automix be a more widely available feature. And make an option that has the app automatically clear cache. Other than those missing features, great app & service.",0,4,spotify
1801,Cristina Gonzalez,"February 17, 2023","Right now my app keeps pausing my songs, changing its songs to different ones and keeps changing where the music is playing on a random connection. I have updated it and re installed the app. And it still does this.",0,1,spotify
1802,Angel_foodie_99,"February 3, 2023",This is a fine app but I'm giving 3 stars because the fade option is janky. I listen to everything from instramentals to metal & everything in between. Having the ending & begining of these songs make for very displeasing listening experience.,0,3,spotify
1803,Thandeka Nomfundo,"February 8, 2023","Love the app, I pay for premium because I really do enjoy my music. But till someone explains to me why my downloads keep deleting and I have to download them all over again the next day I am parking here at 2 stars. I download all my songs when I am in good network, but the next day I am required to download them all over again so that I can play, please make it make sense",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1804,Ashley Golub,"February 8, 2023",Spotify is the best! It's the only app to use for listening to my favorite Podcast ARMCHAIR EXPERT bc it's exclusively only on Spotify. It's free easy to navigate and I download the episodes to listen so I don't use my data then I delete it and download the next ...,0,5,spotify
1805,Andreas Account,"February 9, 2023","Not worth the subscription fee. Spotify was great for its time, but its competitors have now surpassed it (max 320kbps is embarrassing in 2023). The app also wants to shove podcasts down our throats, regardless if we actually want them or not.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1806,Larissa Thompson,"February 18, 2023",Their music selection is so vast! Unlike other apps I can enjoy all the artists I like! I've found some new bands to add to my repertoire with the recommendation feature. Spotify also has Podcasts and Audio books! I would highly recommend Spotify!,1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1807,Leiah Khan,"February 15, 2023",It's good and all but like every time I'm listening to my favorite music sometimes there's like advertisements but although it has all types of kind of songs like all types of artists and I love it a lot I do recommend it if you want to play music and you can create your own playlist.,0,4,spotify
1808,Andrew Spencer,"February 14, 2023","What has happened to this app? It used to play seamlessly, now whether I am using WiFi or 5G it plays a couple of songs and then stops, I have to then re-open the app. I have unistalled the app and re-installed but to no avail, it still does the same thing, very frustrating.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1809,Sophia Gaytan,"February 13, 2023","This app is an awesome way to listen to music. To get the most out of it you do have to pay for a subscription though. You can make your own playlists, find new music and artists, and add your friends to your playlists. It's also easy to use, there is a bit of a learning curve at first, but it has some really great features that make it worth it.",0,5,spotify
1810,Michelle D'Ambrosio,"February 7, 2023","STOP WITH THE RECOMMENDED SONGS!!! If I'm paying to have an ad free experience, then I sure as hell don't want you jamming up my Playlist with ""recommended songs"" I'm sick and tired of deleting over 50 songs a day because of you guys. So stop!!! I don't want any of them. It's annoying as all hell. I don't pay for a service just so you can find another way to push your garbage!!!",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1811,colby strain,"February 13, 2023",Spotify automatically starts playing music when connected to Bluetooth. This has been an ongoing problem for years apparently reading through forms. Ready to cancel my subscription this is so annoying.,0,1,spotify
1812,Sophia Floren Bo,"February 8, 2023",So I have been using this app for almost 3 years and I buy a premium too! I love this app so much but my problem is that this app is that this app won't open it's just showing me the Spotify logo I waited for minutes and it didn't work and right now I can't open it and I can't even listen to my songs!!! Bruh😕,0,3,spotify
1813,Tim Harman,"February 3, 2023","Hot garbage. Lost it's focus on music to try and shove Podcasts down your throat. No way to turn of its constant attempts to get you to listen to a stupid podcast. I've gone back to YouTube music, which is actually focused on music not hotgarbagecasts.",0,1,spotify
1814,Pratiksha Soni,"February 8, 2023","Man why does the app stop after playing one song. The very first song right after opeing the app plays fine. When you click on next or choose the next song to play from the search bar or either from a playlist. 1. The app freezes right there. The song doesn't play. I think the part in Ui where the song title is clicked ,that clicked phase, it stays there 2. Within a while it shuts. PLEASE FIX THIS MANNNN. I love Spotify. I donn want you guys to lose your goddamn reputation :)",42 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1815,Dakota,"February 15, 2023","The idea of having to pay for music you want to listen to kinda drew me away, I used this for years to listen to music on a pc... mobile feels like some scam website always trying to get you to buy stuff from them in exchange for features that should be free anyways.... last thing is you would think with all the money people spend on this dumb app that their artist would get payed but nope...",0,1,spotify
1816,Seahawks Lifer,"February 18, 2023","Wth happened to shuffle? It's completely broken. Most recently my ""shuffle"" was *6* total songs on a loop, from my over 500 liked songs. It used to be that shuffle would still play all 500 songs in a random order before repeating a song. Now it's useless and as a premium subscriber for years, I am genuinely unhappy about this.",5 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1817,Sarthak Matlotia,"February 18, 2023","i loved this app so much got addicted to it and now its the only place to listen songs...i was a premium member for almost 1.5 years but now the app is becoming trash ... most of the time when i need to listen music it says ""no internet connection"" . I tried soo many methods but i those didnt work... I spend my half of my day listening music so its very important for me that it does work good..i love its algorithm..please do fix it .... waiting for your respond🤜🤛",2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1818,Gage,"February 17, 2023",I love spotify on my playstation they did a good job there but on mobile it is terrible they auto turn on a setting that makes it so you can't play any song and it plays a random similar song and you can't turn it off download any thing else this is unbearable I spent the last 30 minutes trying to get this to work only to figure out I can't do anything about it,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1819,Lloyd Middleton III,"February 8, 2023","Try looking up contentious podcast episodes. My experience has been they will not show up. I had to look on a non-Google search engine to find the episode number, which was also blocked by the Spotify search algorithm. I was forced to scroll through thousands of episodes to find it. 😐",0,1,spotify
1820,Talitha Higgs,"February 18, 2023","I love it. But recently its stopped me skipping at all. Im using the free version, so I should have six skips per hour, but everytime I try to skip it says I've run out, even if I haven't used the app at all that day!",0,2,spotify
1821,Albert Jenkins,"February 4, 2023",Freezes from time to time. Makes log in mid listening sometimes. I pay for premium and there is no customer service. I would just leave and use a different streaming platform but I spent too much time building my Playlist here and don't feel like starting over. Otherwise not bad just not as good as when I signed up even.,0,3,spotify
1822,Alex H,"February 9, 2023","This review is STRICTLY for the newest Jan 31st 2023 update. This update has made it impossible to do anything with the app. I hit play, and two seconds later it stops. Doesn't matter how many times I close out the app. It won't play through anything.",0,1,spotify
1823,Moon Light,"February 3, 2023","It was great but ever since the recent update the app isn't working properly..its stuck on the first logo screen that comes at the start, I've tried to start the App several times but failed. Now I cannot use the app anymore.",0,3,spotify
1824,Joshua Phillips,"February 13, 2023","I like Spotify, but why is it anytime I only have 10 bucks left in my account that I'm about to go use to get food y'all decide that's when you want the payment. Me and my partner were literally just about to go get food and yall decided that's when you wanted the payment and now we can't. Literally no place else other than Amazon is as adamant about the payment and sometimes it really pisses off.",0,3,spotify
1825,A Random Ambipom,"February 5, 2023","I love the new update to spotify that added the genre hashtags at the bottom of the playing song, leading to a playlist on click. Whatever algorithm is curating those playlists does it SO WELL. It's already one of my top fave features and has already helped me find so many new songs I love!",0,5,spotify
1826,Aylin Meryem ÖZKUL,"February 11, 2023","With latest updates, we can click and listen whatever we want on our playlists, this is great. Its easier to use this way. But still, lots of ads... I know its necessary if i use free but its still not comfortable :/",0,4,spotify
1827,Paulette Cogshell,"February 4, 2023",Update: Even with the update on the app. Eventhough I clear the cache app on my tablet. App continue to crash. I don't have the issue on my mobile phone. I do agree with the previous review about the recent app updates. Please fix too many issues. Everything was working fine until new updates.,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1828,Dalton I can't change my first name,"February 13, 2023","Theres a bug thats annoying me: it wont let me play my albums in order! I also really need to see all the songs in my album, so thats annoying aswell. Please fix this, bcs now I cant listen to music bcs both of the apps are broken.",0,2,spotify
1829,Chris G,"February 11, 2023",Three requests: 1) please add a trim silence feature for podcasts 2) an alarm feature would be appreciated (I wanna wake up to my favorite music. My phone doesn't allow that natively) 3) a queue feature would be appreciated for those long drives,30 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1830,Xander Cary,"February 19, 2023","Very glitchy. Sometimes plays over Bluetooth at very slow speeds even when the playback settings say normal speed. Sometimes won't play at all. I reinstall, clear cache and reboot my phone but it's never long until the next glitch",0,1,spotify
1831,Natalia Alvarado,"February 10, 2023","DEFINITELY recommend, Spotify has been my best friend for 2 years now, I just recently got premium and it's AMAZING , before I used YouTube music , and it SUCKED I wasent able to listen to music offline or while I'm on another app, spotify let's me listen on another app and although spotify premium let's me have unlimited skips , the og spotify gives me enough skips to enjoy my time, Spotify definitely changed my music life, and mabey it will for you too! :)",0,5,spotify
1832,Jacob Julian,"February 9, 2023","This app keeps logging off after it updates. It keeps closing consantly, it will play one song then crash Why? And the constant adding songs to playlist is annoying, you are making me switch to pandora. If I could I would give you negative stars",0,1,spotify
1833,Prateek Raman,"February 7, 2023",App goes into car mode when connecting to Bluetooth. The video podcasts become audio only. This happens with TaoTronics TT-BA010 Bluetooth receiver. There should be an option to say that the audio source is not a car.,0,3,spotify
1834,Kaleigh May,"February 12, 2023","Brilliant app for music, podcasts, radio and that. Easy to use and full of all different genres. Able to find out the latest on concerts and new songs as well as new trends on podcast 👌",0,4,spotify
1835,brad hennings,"February 11, 2023","I've had spotify on my phone for several months. Tried to get it on desk top computer, didn't know my password, tried many different new passwords, none were accepted. I don't need spotify, It will be off of my phone in 10 seconds.",0,1,spotify
1836,Mohammad Zohary,"February 4, 2023","This software will be better if, between the songs that the listener likes and is listening to, the suggested & random songs from spotify, that the listener does not like them and dose not want to listen to, do not play by force and spontaneously.",0,4,spotify
1837,Darren Moss,"February 20, 2023",The app crashes constantly. On every single version regardless of updates. Half way through songs it crashes. Considering the money this app makes its pathetic. Youtube videos by the hundreds explaining this problem and nope still no fix.,0,3,spotify
1838,Ash S. Hibbs,"February 10, 2023","UPDATE: New issue that doesn't allow you to change your profile photo on the app, meaning I'll have to try to log in on a PC when I get the time. This is honestly the worst. You don't even let me change my PFP on the website. I pay $16/mo for this product. I expect ease of use for all aspects.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1839,Gabriel Orona,"January 11, 2023",I used to love this app but its been on a steep decline for a while now. It seems theres a new issue every week. I could describe them all but I'd run out of characters pretty fast. Only reason I'm keeping the app is because I have over a thousand songs on a playlist and I'm not interested in finding them all on a new app. At this point in time I would not recommend Spotify,0,1,spotify
1840,rock hh,"February 18, 2023","Ads will bug so that even if you exit the app and remove it complete they will keep playing, ontop of that the ads wont finish and you wont be able to play a song without uninstalling the app, ads will play over any other app as well, you would have to manually exist the app complete for them to stop",0,1,spotify
1841,Jia Arora,"January 26, 2023","I've been facing a lot of issues recently. The songs aren't playing, likes on playlists have disappeared, followers went down to 0 and the error occurs saying something went wrong try again. I tried restarting the phone and even reinstalling, still the same issue persists. I'm not even able to log in to my account again. Both Spotify and Spotify lite aren't working. This wasn't expected. Ughh it's too annoying please look into this asap! Spotify is loveeee!",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1842,Stefano Cutillo,"February 2, 2023","Very good to find nearly everything, but the suggestions of new music could be much better. It doesn't dare going beyond angloamerican music, or music from the country you are in. If you push it by searching and liking music from other countries, you'll only get very commercial suggestions from that country.",0,4,spotify
1843,Cliff Menze,"January 6, 2023",Song's stopping? Turn off battery saverI have learnt spotify's algorithm sometimes forces the songs in one's playlist to repeat themselves when shuffling tracks until a random song is selected from that playlist so as to re-shuffle the songs in turn fixing the issue although temporarily. The intent of the algorithm is to re-play the tracks it thinks the listener most likes as their favourites. Spotify needs to address this issue as an apparent large number of listeners are having the same issue.,0,4,spotify
1844,eddie contreras,"January 12, 2023",Either fix this car mode bug or I'll be one of the many to come that unsubcribes from the paid subscription Spotify platform. Many other platforms that offer specials just to give them a try. This car mode issue of working when it wants to certainly has me considering to take one of those platforms up on their specials. Update 01/11/2023; Bluetooth car mode bug still not fixed and now the app randomly starts to play music even if the Spotify app is not in use or hasn't even been used all day.,0,2,spotify
1845,Pietra Spinelli,"February 16, 2023","This app will be forever my favorite one, it has good quality audio, love the canvas option and everything is just perfect. Many ppl said it takes too long to load but it doesn't happen to me, it is very fast and easy to use. I have the premiun for some years and i will never get tired of it, just perfect and i love the fact that it's originally in a dark/black theme bc i have a very sensitive vision and i listen to music AL THE TIME! live laugh love Spotify",0,5,spotify
1846,Green Life,"December 7, 2022",I am the most frequent user of Spotify but now it is getting on my nerves. It is not playing the songs in my playlist in order .it is shuffling the songs and unwanted songs are coming in between my playlist. This feature I dislike the most . I request you to change the settings and giving the options to prevent shuffling and playing the unwanted songs .,0,1,spotify
1847,Lubos Klucar,"February 10, 2023","Music etc perfect, but the app has some glitches that really get on my nerves! Why why do I have to re-download all my music after each app redesign? Why, at the same time, are my storage preferences reset and music is downloaded into internal storage (instead to preferred SD card) causing my phone to get crazy because internal storage is getting full? Why do I have reset all app settings (including downloads) after update, because when in offline mode update makes it impossible to login?...",8 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1848,Eric Shirah,"February 4, 2023","Screw Spotify. You'll be in the shower singing and Spotify just suddenly stops and you're stuck in the shower with no music. Now they are gonna be quick to say it's your internet provider and all that mess, but nope you won't have problems with the other apps on your phone. That's why they don't get my money and you shouldn't give them yours",0,1,spotify
1849,Laune Jones,"January 14, 2023","This app is a train wreck. It's slow, unresponsive, and overall poorly optimized. If you live in an area with spotty cell coverage DO NOT use this app. YouTube will load and play videos with no problem, but Spotify can't play an audio podcast on the lowest quality setting it's ridiculous.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1850,Nello Jay,"January 25, 2023","You need to try Spotify! I use it everyday and I love it. Whether you're listening to your own customised playlist at the gym, a podcast while commuting to work or just relaxing to your favorite music at home, Spotify is worth every penny. I recommend checking out the variety of amazing playlists made by Spotify as well.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1851,Giselle N,"December 26, 2022",It's a good app but whenever I listen to music on my phone it always just plays some random song that's not even on my playlist which is really annoying but everything is the opposite on my computer. On my computer it dosent play any random songs that arent on my playlist. I think there should be a setting to stop random songs from playing on a playlist there not even on.,0,4,spotify
1852,Antonio Mora,"December 11, 2022","I decided to get premium to avoid ad interruptions, I use the app a ton so I feel like its worth it. But, lately the app will randomly close or if you are playing music and close the app. The next time you open the app the song will finish but then it will completely stop until you choose something to play.",0,3,spotify
1853,Pratyusha Mishra,"January 20, 2023","Arghhh!!! This has become so annoying after the last update!!! Where the heck is the loop option?! I can't seem to replay the same song again and again! Even if I turn off my 'Autoplay on this device'. I'm sorry but this version has become a big disappointment. PLS FIX IT 🙏 Edit: I tried reinstalling, it works, but now I cant trust ur new updates anymore",0,4,spotify
1854,Kwenaentle Mothoagae,"February 6, 2023","Has all the music I could ever need and want and is easy to use. The only downside is the app is practically useless without Spotify Premium, but overall I'd recommended it to all music 🎶 lovers. 😎🆒️",0,5,spotify
1855,Layna With no last name.,"December 7, 2022","Get rid of Smart Shuffle. I make Playlists to listen to what I created, for the certain music I personally accept. I DO NOT want music I have not accepted randomly in my Playlist if I play it on my speaker with people or when I am working out. Multiple people have complained about this feature, there is no need for it if there are radio playlists you can listen to, to expose you to new music/artists.",0,3,spotify
1856,e14 tamz,"February 9, 2023",Fix technical bugs Works perfectly fine my phone but when i cast the music to the playstation or xbox it randomly by it self pauses the music. Also only i have access to my account and suddenly my neighbour is able to cast to my device probably the most annoying thing to exist fix it thank you👍,0,3,spotify
1857,Amber Niebergall,"December 11, 2022",I was loving the app until the new update. Every since then the songs will stop when it ends. I thing have to exit out of the app and play the next song. Even then sometimes the Playlist that I was listening to won't play anything. I have to go to a different Playlist to listen to music.,3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1858,Metel Head,"February 18, 2023","Due to the lack of shuffle all artists feature I'm going back to Pandora since this feature comes even with the free service. Many feature requests have been made to Spotify and they continue to fail their customers, screw the playlists stuff!!!!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1859,Jansen,"December 14, 2022",After the update I was able to listen to the whole Playlist and now it stops in random spots and it does not play music. I would need to restart the app and choose a different Playlist and then it would do the same thing also. Sometimes it's an hour in to 3 of playing music.,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1860,Nikki Lee,"December 10, 2022","The latest update frequently makes the phone app and Android Auto unresponsive and buggy. You have to force start the app in your phone a few times for it to eventually work again. For me, you can't just go into your playlist and press the play button anymore, you have to click a song that's in it.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1861,caio nunes,"December 30, 2022","Spotify is being very buggy lately, don't know what's happening but sometimes the music just doesn't play and I have to go change the station and back. Also, it simply start playing out of nowhere and always in the mornings when I start using my phone. App isn't open, I forced closed everything the night before and even though I'm scrolling trough Instagram or fb it just starts playing. My gf complaid about the same thing",0,2,spotify
1862,꧁•tbh ur weird•꧂,"February 5, 2023","I use a phone to listen to Spotify, and for some reason I can't take ANY of my playlists or the ones I listen to off of shuffle. There is just no option, and it's really really annoying me.",0,3,spotify
1863,Dannii Bissenden,"December 14, 2022",So ce going to premium it keeps crashing and by that I mean it's says 'playing' or the 'green circle's is set to play and yet I can't click it off or on. Says the music is playing but there's nothing there. I've cleared my cache my storage I've deleted and re installed I've updated my phone I've cleared any back ground apps I've done every step it says to do and yet I'm paying 9.99 for not even a quarter use of this app never had no issue before going to premium may as well keep the adverts,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1864,Macy M,"February 13, 2023",I'm at a hotel and Spotify keeps linking me to other people's phones and playing their music and vice versa. Connected devices has no privacy or security features. It's invasive and useless.,1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1865,Peter Weigele,"January 10, 2023","I used to be able to see my Alexa devices on my home network and stream my playlists to them. Now, Spotify app only sees the FireTV devices and no longer displays Echo devices, even though they are on the same network. I've tried reinstalling both Spotify and Alexa, linking devices, restarting devices and networks...all to no avail. It shouldn't be this difficult.",0,1,spotify
1866,Ke'Aja Johnson,"February 14, 2023","I love this app! I love the music! It haves very clear results for when you search. I could listen to many varieties of music ans I love has recommended songs and like categories of music. I love it! I just got the app and I didn't know how to work it , but it was very clear. I signed in and deleted it but when I downloaded it back I didn't have to sign in. 5 stars perfecto",0,5,spotify
1867,Speednet,"February 13, 2023","Simplifies my music listening experience to a level never thought possible. Anywhere any time, Spotify has no boundaries. A service never thought possible only a few years ago. Thank you.",0,5,spotify
1868,Kendall Loudon,"January 12, 2023","Currently paying for premium and have been for a few years now. As of last week, the app is unusable. It says I have no internet connection on my mobile data, but here I am writing this review. As soon as I reconnect to wifi (15% of my day), it works again. I've tried redownloading the app, clearing cache data, and everything else they say. I'm about to cancel",0,1,spotify
1869,Princess Gaming Jellyfish,"February 9, 2023",It was always just give me a couple of ads every 1 to 2 song it would always try to give me like a lot of pads are we get like 2 to 5 and it's not fair if they want to get something else to their customers give them less ads it's really bad and it's making me want to get rid of this app musicolet would be better,0,1,spotify
1870,Cheryl Randle,"December 11, 2022","Spotify has been absolutely rubbish lately. It keeps freezing, it won't let you click on the shuffle button at the top of playlists, it let's you add songs to the queue but then loses everything you added and only plays one song. It was working fine until the last update but is so frustrating now.",0,1,spotify
1871,jonathan bell,"January 14, 2023",Right now I give it 3 stars because I can't log back in the app. I was using the app all day and at the end of my day it quit playing. Keeps on saying no internet when I have full signal all day phone never moved. Tried uninstalling reinstalling that didn't tried on a different devise same problem. What is going on Spotify??? Please fix this. Great music otherwise.,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1872,Matty,"January 21, 2023",If music is the food of love then play on. Spotify certainly gives you the chance to do that. Wouldn't of given 5 stars but having trouble setting up the family deal as instructions aren't that easy to follow. That aside there is so much music here. I come from the generation of vinyl and tapes so having all this music for a tenner a month is fantastic!,1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1873,Jay Blayk (Blayk133),"January 27, 2023","""car mode"" reskins the player window and stops all of the screens which were ever available in landscape, into portrait only! Useless! What is this trend with car things being portrait?! Everything in a car is landscape and if my phone is in portrait it blocks WAY more of the windscreen! In landscape the space it takes up is shared between the dashboard and the windscreen with half over each, in portrait the very bottom of the phone is covering the dashboard and the vast majority is windscreen!",0,3,spotify
1874,CheapShoes 0,"December 16, 2022","You really shouldn't have to pay for a subscription to unshuffle your music, not have your music switch to a station or a song you didn't want to listen to, and see what music is in an album or your own playlist, such as Spotify repeat. the app is good if you want to listen to music with your device off, but if you truly wanna listen to music without hundreds of ads and in order, go to YouTube and don't waste your money on Spotify premium.",0,2,spotify
1875,Nicholas Winarto,"December 11, 2022","Spotify is now buggy and won't play songs - this happens through Android Auto or when I use my BT headphones. Whenever I stop listening to music i.e. turn off my car or headphones, the next time Spotify connects to my vehicle or headphones it'll finish playing the last song and then stop. I open the app and the banner showing the current song is gone and I have to go to a different playlist to reset and allow continuous playback.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1876,A Google user,"January 18, 2023","App has been much better in the past. I have been a premium user for years, and it's getting ridiculous Spotify. Every single time I open the app on my phone, I get a ""no internet connection available"" error whether I'm on wifi or module data. When the problem first started I gave you the benefit of the doubt, now it's blatant. You need to fix this issue for you paying customers before we start supporting you competition. Unacceptable.",594 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1877,Scott L,"January 18, 2023",Have had lots of problems with the offline mode feature within the past couple months. I have plenty of songs downloaded but it wouldn't let me play any of them. Says they're not there! Has happened multiple times and I've been stuck on a plane with nothing to do. They need to fix this bug asap.,0,1,spotify
1878,CJ Lane,"January 3, 2023","Ive used spotify for 5 years now, and tho a lot of cool systems have been implemented, there are some things that still make no since. The addition of smart shuffle is cool, but i wish there was a dedicated button for it as while trying to turn my normal shuffle on or off, i have to wait while it loads smart shuffle just to cycle through the shuffle modes. Its inconvenient and a waste of time. I also find it irritating that you can only pin 4 things in my library.. why only 4?",4 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1879,impALEr,"December 21, 2022","Québec Résidents, good luck. I get that Spotify's free trials aren't available to us but I can't even buy Premium, cause all the options in the app include the free trial... I keep tapping and tapping on everything, and it's all giving me the same ""not eligible"" message, and still no option to outright pay for it without trial...",0,1,spotify
1880,Bug Wurtz,"February 4, 2023","The 'shuffle' function only plays the same songs over and over, which is extremely annoying. I want to hear all my music, not the same 7 songs over and over. Afaik, there's no way to fix this, so it's very frustrating.",0,1,spotify
1881,Tala Arab,"December 4, 2022","I loved the old Spotify, when you can choose what songs to play in your playlist, skip through some songs, and no additional songs added by Spotify. I hate this new update where Spotify adds random songs to my playlist, and I can't play whatever song I want, I have to shuffle my whole playlist, and I only get 6 skips per hour unless I have Spotify premium. This will cause a loss in Spotify users. I don't like this update. And longer ads? Please bring back the old Spotify.",2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1882,Gina Custard,"December 14, 2022","Very amazing apps! Loved it for years, but my new issue is that when I play a song, it plays but stop and won't ever play again. I've tried deleting and downloading it multiple times and restarting my phone but it never works. I also cannot update it if there's a update",0,4,spotify
1883,Alexander Kish,"January 5, 2023","The app is great other than a few minor bugs. I've seen a lot of other reviews of people saying that their spotify is leggy and acts up with weird and annoying glitches, but I've never had the bugs they have experienced, so I don't know. The experience I've had has been nothing but good, so a strong 4 stars.",0,4,spotify
1884,Alex Tarbox,"December 20, 2022","If you're a free user, I have to rate the app zero stars. Listening to an ad to get 30 minutes uninterrupted playback is great, but the problem is you have zero control over what music gets played unless you have a specific playlist. Even if you do have a specific playlist, you get zero control over it. If I want to search new music I might be interested in listening to, it won't allow me to play the song I selected, it just starts playing random similar songs.",11 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1885,Manisha Jha,"February 4, 2023","The app is excellent and best for listening music,this even provide you download feature if you have premium and even through some of the premium options. Over all the app is best even if you don't have premium and it's new video feature as a background is even interesting,if I say this is the excellent app to even listen to audiobooks. This is the best app for listening music. It plays song even if you have less internet on your phone. This is a awesome app to listen every kind of music.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1886,Abdulrahman Awad,"February 12, 2023","They doesn't test updates before releasing it, with every update comes new bugs, like in the latest update while playing a song when you switch to another app or to the home screen or when you turn off the screen the song stops and you have to turn on the screen again and resume it then turn off again, bro wth is that! In another update several months ago, the navigation bar was completely broken, but they fixed it after quite a while.",5 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1887,Keerthesh V,"February 15, 2023","This app is really great. I use this on my phone and my desktop So when i wanna listen on desktop i just use the desktop app and then when i want to transition to phone it is just so simple, also i get to start where i left off. Id say the ADS were very annoying But since i bought the premium its just so awesome And being able download music on both desktop and phone is really good ,cause at times uninterrupted smooth transition from song to song is beautiful Id say Spotify Premium is worth it",0,5,spotify
1888,James D,"February 10, 2023","I would rate this 5 stars however it's ridiculous that the ""Normalize volume""function is only available on mobile data. It'd be fine expect so many Spotify songs have different volume levels, it makes listening to a playlist at home nearly impossible without constantly adjusting the playback volume manually",0,3,spotify
1889,Shayli U,"February 17, 2023","The updates just keep getting better👍🏼The only problem I've been having lately is the Moods in my Liked playlist keep disappearing. I have more than the minimum needed to make a Mood/genre so I'm not sure why they don't show up. An update Id love to see: Ability to make folders for your playlists! I have 63 playlists and it w very helpful to have it organized. Also a pre-made folder for your private playlists, all private to you unless you choose to share on profile :)",31 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1890,Anadine Montro,"February 15, 2023","Ever since I got it it abruptly stops playing music sometimes. Like if I'm using another app, or if I close my phone and put it in my pocket. It keeps popping up saying it can't play in the background unless I adjust the settings, and everything is adjusted, so what's the problem spotify?",0,3,spotify
1891,A Lucier,"February 17, 2023","Overall it is a beautiful set up. My biggest complaint would be with ""your shows"". Even when you stop following, they don't go away. You cannot remove them even after you chat with help and they don't do anything to clean up your app to reflect your actual content.",0,4,spotify
1892,Hunter Bennett,"February 16, 2023","Great app, except the ads.. they say 'after this ad you will get 30 minutes of ad free music' (something along that line). This ad turns into 6 ads and those 30 minutes turn into 10. And after every second song, you get atleast 5 ads. To be honest I would rather listen to 1 ad after every song on YouTube music.",0,2,spotify
1893,Mark Horst,"February 16, 2023","Desktop app is good, but none of the mobile versions allow you to shuffle folders like you can on Desktop. Also, on the app that is on my General Motors vehicle, Jazz doesn't appear when you browse. Fix up the mobile versions and I'll give it a 5.",0,3,spotify
1894,Ken,"February 15, 2023","I pay for Premium for the no Ads experience. Spotify still injects multiple ads into the JRE podcast. I cannot reach any kind of customer support to fix it. Rest assured that I will NEVER buy any product advertised on that platform, and I always will speak negatively about any product advertised if brought up in conversation. YOU ARE THIEVES SPOTIFY!",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1895,PSM Animations,"January 8, 2023","I love this app. For someone like me, enjoys to work while listening to music, this app has been my most used app in the past 2 years. Furthermore, Spotify premium has proven to be a worthwhile for me, as I use Spotify on multiple of my devices. I 100% recommend this app. But I don't necessarily recommend paying for the Spotify premium unless you know you are going to listen to music offline often.",0,5,spotify
1896,Katelyn Dohoney,"February 17, 2023",Honestly the best experience I've had with music/podcast apps the only problem is the whole premium quality you only really get 6 Skips an hour you can't only listen to one specific song without it and it scrambles your playlist playing random added songs at random times I love that they make personalized playlists for you including your favorite artist and I really love that it let's you play it in the background for free unlike YouTube overall Spotify Is one of my favorite app,0,4,spotify
1897,Pain Killer,"February 16, 2023","What a complete garbage! Even when you create a list of songs, it keeps recommending songs that aren't desired and you cannot go back to play a song from your list. This is a complete trash app. A complete waste of time.",0,1,spotify
1898,Yo mama,"February 9, 2023","The app on desktop is better, but the mobile version is absolute garbage. I'd rather pay for apple music and transition over there than to give Spotify any money. For instance, when you look up a song and try to play it, it'll play like five songs before the one you want to here, and be aware that you have limited skips. And the thing is, it's constantly changing. It could be like this but then not next day, but then be back next week. In conclusion, Spotify bad, us another app if possible. :)",7 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1899,Bob Stevenson,"February 16, 2023","I hate it when you want to play the songs in just your playlist, and you get 3 songs in a row that aren't from the playlist. The ads are atrocious sometimes. Otherwise it is a pretty good app.",0,4,spotify
1900,Rajkumar Upadhyay,"February 16, 2023",I really liked this app so much . I found here most variety of songs than other apps . I request you to not show the ad after every song because when we listen any song we enjoy so much but when ad come after 1 song it spoils the mood . This is the best music listening app.,0,4,spotify
1901,Unknown,"February 17, 2023",The search option is not working. Searching for the song does not show anything. This problem is not solved by updating. Showing offline despite network. Only saved playlists are playing. Please solve the problem soon... please,0,1,spotify
1902,Löwenherz von Krieg,"February 16, 2023","It's great with premium, but there's a few songs not available (tatsuro yamashita etc.) Other than that I don't have any issues with the app. Edit: lags a lot and bugs out on occasions. Also, if songs get downloaded on cache, why can't I listen to them offline?",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1903,uncomfortably num3333,"February 17, 2023","Nice app. If I didn't get ads that are repetitive, every playlist I click on theres an ad, I can't wait till you have to delete reviews because how much of a cash grab you all are disgusting in the industry. if anyone reads this don't give good reviews because your Playlist gets simple futures such as playing songs in order how the f-am I supposed to listen to album that doesn't play in order, garbage developers. I might as well ""BUY VINYL.""",0,1,spotify
1904,Nurul Ain Narui,"February 15, 2023","Some lyrics are not correctly synced to the audio. Please fix this problem, and I'll rate again. It's been amazing, but lately, the lyrics' timing is a bit off. And it's kind of annoying to see. Sorry.",0,3,spotify
1905,Rebecca Nash,"February 10, 2023","Absolutely recommend! Better than Pandora in a heartbeat! Never had an issue with it so far and premium doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Super easy to get as well, I can pay straight through Google Play. I love Spotify! So many songs to choose from. I think it's so cool that based on my listened to songs for the week, Spotify throws playlists together for me 😌 11.5/10 💜",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
1906,Dan Linington,"February 15, 2023","It's a very frustrating app to deal with while driving in your car. If you take a phone call through the Bluetooth, it automatically turns the music on whether you want it on or not. I've tried several ways to make this stop and it's just keeps doing it.",0,1,spotify
1907,Haleigh Taylor,"December 31, 2022","The app is amazing, i love it. However, after this years Wrapped came out the app had a lot of bugs such as my playlist wouldn't start and it would just stop randomly after an ad and I'd have to restart the playlist. The problems still continued after uninstalling and reinstalling",0,4,spotify
1908,Klinton Bybee,"February 16, 2023","Spotify is an absolute piece of trash. It drops connection constantly and completely sucks at recommending music or podcasts. With as many alternatives as we have, there is no point wasting your time with spotify.",0,1,spotify
1909,Angel Dixon,"February 16, 2023",Very close to uninstalling. It's a pretty good app. Besides the fact it gives me songs I've never listened to in my liked music and the song isn't even liked. It's given me 5 in a row of songs I've never liked or listened to.,0,2,spotify
1910,shani li ramos,"February 15, 2023","It's great when it works, but lately has been stopping every 10 minutes and have to restart it! Not sure if it's a glitch but it's annoying and I end up going to YouTube for my music! Please fix!",0,3,spotify
1911,Renatta Fox,"February 15, 2023","Especially like that they have added videos for podcasts. However, why is their no landscape view for mobile phones? I would like to set my phone up sideways and still read song lyrics etc but it does not have a landscape view.",0,4,spotify
1912,Adrian Peugh,"February 17, 2023",Been using spotify for awhile now. Premium member. Used to not be any ads at all. Now we get some that pops up when i open the app. I also am disappointed that they added and then took away the Spotify assistant. You have to buy that attachment.,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1913,Mark Steele,"February 17, 2023","Can we PLEASE have LANDSCAPE View enhanced for Car Display use please. After recently using this app in my car, i find it hard to use. The whole screen formatting just isnt condusive to Landscape view at a distance of arms length. It needs Larger Text and bigger buttons for easy use.",0,1,spotify
1914,Noor Shahzad,"February 16, 2023",Just start using app last month and was working perfect👍but all of the sudden it stops playing my playlist..it play just for few seconds.. in short recent update is not good ...not playing my playlist ... adding songs itself ... please fix it and lots of ads,0,3,spotify
1915,varshitha varanasi,"February 16, 2023",At first it was all good but later like after few months it started to automatically control the volume. Sometimes it's low and sometimes it high though i don't touch the volume button . It's better to change that one thing,0,2,spotify
1916,Amanda Crutcher,"December 16, 2022","Guess i had a free trial I didn't know about as I woke up this morning to very limited access to music and that's super sad because I'm in dire need of 9D and up music and your app has that and plays in the background. I listened to 2 ads so I could hear the NUMB by LINKIN PARK but nooo. After i watched your stupid ad, it played something different. That's messed up. Broke. Stuck in freeze mode and y'all took away the one thing that was helping my mental sanity.",0,1,spotify
1917,Ender Boy,"December 22, 2022",The app on its own is absolutely perfect except for the need to buy premium to remove the ads I mean they can add image ads instead of during the songs. However I bought premium and it feels so much better now. I would like to suggest a feature that let's you write your own lyrics for a song. So instead of reading what they have set you can make and sync your own lyrics.,0,4,spotify
1918,Liv,"December 6, 2022","Update 080320: It won't even let me log in now. What have I been paying for for the last decade? Makes you feel complicit in creating a monopoly over mudic distribution. The concept is good but the app is getting worse and worse. Through the years Spotify has removed a lot of technical and practical features. Now, they focus more on logarithmic predictions and playlists. As a player its worth less than say winamp. As a long paying customer I find this annoying and increasingly disappointing.",13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1919,Hayden Watts,"December 9, 2022",Clearly the recent update has upset alot of people for various reasons me included. Having a playlist with several hundred songs that automatically restarts from the beginning everytime playback resumes is getting REALLY F@#$ING ANNOYING!!! Whatever was done needs undoing immediately. As a premium user I'm extremely dissatisfied with something that used to work perfectly!!,13 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1920,Really good travels accessible places,"January 9, 2023","It's not that good. I only got the free version to listen to one podcast only. Now I'm getting emails to my Google email, which I don't use asking me to sign up for the subscription option. I don't want it as it is a rip-off at 9.99 to listen to one podcast. Has can stream songs for free on alexa",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1921,Mato S,"January 2, 2023",Sometimes got problem with audio output in relation to Android Auto. It has to be changed via system settings to make it working correctly again. Error message: Spotify doesn't seem to be working right now on Android Auto screen despite of it's playing... Described issues persist. There's also sync lost if played from phone on another Spotify capable device - it is expected to continue where it stops.,0,2,spotify
1922,Martha Githua,"February 19, 2023","I think it's a great app for listening music on. Unfortunately, when it comes to the premium feature, I think that you can help a lot of Kenyans if you included the m-pesa means of payment.Here in Kenya a lot of people use m-pesa to pay their bills and if you could introduce it to your subscription I think you are going to have more subscribers since majority of Kenyans especially students don't use debit and credit cards.",0,4,spotify
1923,Jae Marshall,"January 17, 2023",The shuffle algorithm is terrible. I often get the same 20 songs/order over and over. Sometimes songs just don't play and are stuck at 0:00. It's not a connection or phone issue all my other apps work fine. Like others have mentioned some songs just don't work out of nowhere.,0,2,spotify
1924,Anderson MJ,"February 4, 2023",the categories of music I can play is so nice but the issue is when I want to play a song it plays a different song and when I gi to my favorites and click on one of the songs it just plays a little part of it. It is so frustrating I overall dont like this app👎👎👎👎,1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
1925,Lynda Roberts,"January 2, 2023","So are we going to be credited back the monthly premium until Spotify fixes these bugs? The app is pretty much unusable since this last update. If my phone screen turns off, so does Spotify. The music ""skips""....how is that even possible anymore? I have to back out of my Playlist and restart my Playlist from another song or it only plays one song and stops. Who was in charge of this last update? An intern? Either remove the update, fix it or start giving my money back!!",0,1,spotify
1926,Anthony Philpot,"February 4, 2023","My free premium trial had ended, and that's when it all fell apart. I can only play my own playlist on shuffle, I can't rewind or fast forward, and I can only skip forward, which means if I accidentally skip a song, tough luck to me",0,2,spotify
1927,James Billings,"December 20, 2022","I am not paying for premium. The content is good for the most part. The ads are what get me. If you don't choose to watch an ad to get the 30 minute ad free listening you end up with six ads in a row. If you do choose to watch one, you still get 2-3 ads and then another set in about fifteen minutes. I am not impressed. This is why I left pandora 2 years ago. If it doesn't change, Spotify will lose another listener.",286 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1928,Xinyue Hu,"January 14, 2023","I absolutely detest this app. Not only does it give you a limited amount of skips, it won't even let you listen to the music you want. I pressed on the album of what I want to listen to and guess what? It gave a bunch of random songs. I searched on the internet and it appears that I have to buy premium to be able to turn that damn shuffle off. It's basically useless if I cannot listen to the song I want.",23 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1929,aakanksha,"January 26, 2023","I paid for the one week spotify premium, the entire app reset and logged me out so i reinstalled it. It won't let me login anymore, keeps saying ""please try again later"". There's no customer support for this either. I'm extremely disappointed and this is a dilemma for someone that uses the app so often. I'm enraged by the lack of support provided for the same. If you're big on customer support, I would not recommend. This issue is extremely frustrating and I'm hoping someone looks into this ASAP",12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1930,Yusra Rafiq,"January 24, 2023","Apple Music's large catalog offers tight integration with Apple products, as you'd expect, but it also includes some extras including lossless tunes. On the other hand, Spotify offers a similarly large catalog of music, but supplements it with a host of features, including podcasts and excellent streaming capabilities via Spotify Connect.",0,5,spotify
1931,Samuel Jett,"January 5, 2023","Terrible app, can't listen to any music I want to listen to... not only are ""albums"" shuffled with no choice of which song to play, but they also have other random songs shoved into them. I wanted to listen to Ravel in order, not Tchaikovsky in between the out-of-order movements! (Obviously applies to more than classical) The audio quality itself is also low. Don't really see the point of this then when YouTube with adblock exists. Spotify is only tolerable if you pay the $120/yr. No thanks",0,1,spotify
1932,William Wright,"January 13, 2023",I use free Spotify & would rate 5 stars but in mid December playlists changed. I was unable to preview songs in playlists. This got fixed and playlists reverted to how they should be. Two days ago I was listening to Spotify in the morning playlists worked fine. I went back later that day and playlists had changed to how they were in mid December without the option to preview songs. This makes it much more difficult to use Spotify & edit playlists. Please change it back Spotify.,21 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1933,Daniel Judd,"December 5, 2022","Spotify is explicitly about creating your own playlists. They now recomend music and Play it without permission. To my knowledge there is no way to change this setting. If I wanted that feature, I would use Pandora or Amazon. Not sure who made this decision, but its the opposite of what this app was about.",0,2,spotify
1934,Daalis,"January 8, 2023",Okay. I love spotify BUT the new updates have have not been it. It makes my playlists looks weird. Instead of the normal showcase of the songs in the playlist it'll show the songs but without the preview or anything. It's in a weird edit mode/view. Please fix this it makes it hard to add songs from one playlist to another.,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1935,Kitty Stryker,"February 13, 2023","I've been a paid subscriber for years, and it's mostly been great - not pleased that since the Spotify update, my alarm clock won't connect anymore, even after restarting, selecting playlist etc. Please fix this!",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1936,zack marks,"December 7, 2022",Running the latest os on a galaxy s22 ultra and the songs constantly crash while playing through Bluetooth and phone is timed out. App sometimes says need to allow playing in background when ot is already turned on. I left you tube music premium to come to Spotify because so many friends use it but I will be going back if this isn't fixed soon as I can't even enjoy letting it play while driving.,2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1937,Kristopher,"December 4, 2022","I like the app, but the issue with spotify wrapped needs to be resolved. I dismissed my prompt the first time and now I cannot find it at all. It doesn't show up as a shortcut or give any indication. I've even tried getting it from the web and the prompt still doesn't show again! Please fix it.",0,3,spotify
1938,Andrew J. Cessna,"December 9, 2022",Well they once again removed the shuffle button from playlists now you have to select a song and swipe instead of just pressing a button to continuously shuffle. Also if I close the app and reopen it will finish playing the current song and then just stop I have to go into a playlist and select another song before it will play again. Disappointing it seems with every update it gets less and less user friendly.,2 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1939,Kačka Plicková,"December 11, 2022","Great until recently ... When I stop listening, close the app and later come back to it, I can restart the last song ... but then the app ""freezes"" ... I cannot skip anywhere or go to the next one ... I need to go manually to the playlist and start another song to re-enable the transitions ... I am on version 8.7.90.544",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1940,Dwindle Foddl,"February 20, 2023","This app just WORSE if that's possible!! I had premium but switched to free..now NOTHING on my play list will play randomly!!!!! It just keeps playing "" Songs I might like"" with nothing but COUNTRY.!! I HONESTLY THINK ITS A PLOY TO GET ME TO PAY FOR PREMIUM AGAIN..!!!! TOTAL BS",0,1,spotify
1941,Mike Corliss,"December 15, 2022","Recent update messed up function. When I am listening to a playlist, stop for a bit to return to play the same song, at the end of the song a new song won't play. This used to continue to the next song on the playlist. Very frustrating while driving using Android auto.",0,3,spotify
1942,Susan P. Hughes,"January 13, 2023",I love Spotify because it's like taking all my music that I have on my records and cd's everywhere I go. It is easy to find new music and it is all types of music. Spotify also tells me who is coming to my area to see in concert. So much more to Spotify than when I started out listening to music and it just keeps getting better. Thank you.,20 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1943,Катя Б,"January 10, 2023","So I've bought a family premium for all the perks of it and it been awesome for some time but lately there's that issue, that whenever I try to continue listening to a song it switches to another that's far away in queue for nO REASON. Honestly it's just a massive pain to go to the app to change it back to the original evERY SINGLE TIME. I hope you can help somehow",0,3,spotify
1944,Daniel Irwin,"January 3, 2023","I haven't seen any ads. Still haven't bought premium so I can't talk about the subscription but it's been fine for me without it. I can just throw my airpods on, throw my phone in my pocket and listen to my playlist. It helps you quite a lot with playlists as well and it's really simple to navigate.",0,5,spotify
1945,Jerry Arocho,"February 6, 2023",Changes are Good But it was more Is easier than this Change that you did right now And the other Clients that you have Are you going to be a little more aggravated. Especially the ones who are paying for noncommercial. To download music it gets a bit complicated now. But we have to adapt the way you manipulate your clients to do what you Want Them to do. with You new System. They used to tell me whatever It's not broken don't fix it. I hope you could bring back the way that we was before. It wa,0,2,spotify
1946,Romana Uitterdijk,"January 25, 2023","Would be fun if the ""play all songs at the same volume"" option worked properly for all songs but other than that... at least it doesn't constantly crash anymore. Removing another star cause random songs from my local files keep getting kicked out. Had to redownload like 3 times in 2 weeks it's getting annoying.",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
1947,Rayaz Kids,"December 28, 2022",Its really handy and awesome...it has soo many songs to choose from though it wont let me choose a song from a playlist if i search one up i have to keep skipping it wont let me choose one song from the playlist. I have been using this app for a while now and whenever I make a playlist and add songs it always puts tohers sons saying the ones we added and it's annoying cause I don't want those songs when I try to delete them sometimes they don't delete which can be a big pain.,0,2,spotify
1948,Kelly Benzie,"December 14, 2022","Please I am begging you to put back the ""add playlist to home screen"" feature. It's such a small thing, why would you possibly take it away? How does that improve the app? I had all my favorite playlists organized on my home screen for easy access and now I can't add any. Please please give people this option back. There was no good reason to get rid of it.",0,1,spotify
1949,Rosalyn De Koster,"February 11, 2023",I don't pay for premium. I don't have the money for it. But 2 minutes of ads every 3 songs is utterly ridiculous. I could support 2 ads every 30 minutes. There's no reason for ads that often and most of them don't actually have anything to do with my life experience.,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1950,Arpita,"December 13, 2022","I like the spotify app. It has a lot of songs I like but I don't like the new update right now. You can't play the previous song, you can't play the song on loop, you can't put a playlist on loop, and you can't see the queue either. Which forces the person to manually open the app and play the song again. The previous version was fine. Now it's annoying. Pls fix this. That's why I have given it three stars instead of four or five.",14 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
1951,Jiog Bunny,"January 9, 2023",This is a good app the first few weeks are great you get no adds but then eventually you will get an add. Btw for new users when I started using the app I had my own playlist songs but then Spotify added their own songs and I couldn't remove them so if you r unable access your own songs that is frustrating. Get premium if your rich. Im poor I can't but it's a good app.,0,3,spotify
1952,Ash Bos,"January 21, 2023","Although I still really like the app, it's kind of gone bad after the most recent update. I can't play my downloaded playlists anymore, I can only play music if I have an internet connection. The whole nice thing about this app was that I could listen 24/7 without using all my data. But that's out the door now",0,3,spotify
1953,Sullivan Oswald,"February 17, 2023","Great experience overall. Great audio, download speed, and storage. Sometimes the app will cut out or lose connection, but other than that it's fine.",0,4,spotify
1954,Tyrone Brecker,"January 5, 2023",Spotify doesn't know the different genres it always splits the same genre of music into separate genres. Example: hip hop and rap. App is trash in its current state. Longer loading times than gta v online before patch just for a simple menu. Add a way to manage your subscription in the app. It's tedious to go to a browser just to manage this info. Recent update ruined the UI. The app forgot what genres are,1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1955,PB J,"December 28, 2022","Really great, I'd put it at 4.5 stars if I could. Only problem is I've never had success with their recommendation system. Oh I also sometimes have a bug where when I close spotify and reopen it later to continue a playlist the player bar has disappeared and I need to restart and relisten to songs.",0,4,spotify
1956,Roro,"February 10, 2023",I am this close to deleting Spotify in whole first of all the last two or three updates there was a future where you basically had premium just with ads and you can't stop shuffle and loop things but now you removed it you will probably lose alot of customers if you only care about the money and not how it is for free users if you dont fix this problem im going to have and stop using Spotify.,0,2,spotify
1957,Sarah Ricard,"December 9, 2022","I've tried various streaming music apps and this is by far my favorite. It has everything I want to listen to, and I just enjoy the way the app is organized/its appearance. I also like that the premium plan options let you include your family, you + your partner, or just yourself. And I enjoy that with the premium plans, you can download to listen offline. The various novelty customized playlists Spotify makes for you are fun, too.",3 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1958,Tori Rose,"February 1, 2023","this app used to be good for both premium users and standard users,I had to switch back to standard and it's not even usable that I've switched to Spotify off shoots because I click one playlist I get hit with at least 4 ads if not more, your 30 minutes of ad free I'd a complete lie, I don't know if someone took over but this app is worse then every music app I can think of and even the ones I can't.",0,1,spotify
1959,Arthur Parker,"December 27, 2022","Update**** They resolved these issues! ---- On the spotify app, as a premium member, it's decent when I'm listening to just music. It starts to mess up when you listen to podcasts because if you begin to listen to new and saved episodes, eventually it will lock up. By lock up i mean the episode will play, but not only will last episode thumbnail and timestamp stay the same, but it will stop playing, and wont reset unless you restart your phone.",28 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
1960,Surachai Kajornkiatsuk,"February 9, 2023",This is an awesome music streaming app. that has a massive stock of songs with high quality sound to enjoy. I was surprised that the keywords in my language could be entered as well as English. Amazing!,0,5,spotify
1961,cassandra brock,"February 16, 2023",Must be in online mode to use the songs even when they are downloaded. Not a fan of using data and being forced to stream online when the songs have been downloaded. Ice dentures cache and uninstalled and reinstalled doesn't matter.... Fix this bug,0,1,spotify
1962,makaela kettner,"December 24, 2022",Its good to listen to music on there because of all the special stuff they do. As a person who don't have preimium at the moment I don't understand why there giveing 5 ads when they used to only give me 2 ads most. Its unresonable an by the time all the ads are finished I don't even want to listen to music anymore. Other then that its a great app if you have preimium,1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
1963,RMA,"January 18, 2023","Absolutely trash, I can't listen to it offline,I'm just enjoying my favourite songs then all the sudden the songs start shuffling to a random song that I don't even LIKE, I didn't even add it in the damn playlist and I have to listen to it for 2-3 minutes because I dont have any skips left (6 skips) I am a broke student and Im not paying monthly for this app. its such a moodkiller",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1964,Lydia Spies,"February 15, 2023","I love Spotify, but I think itd be really cool if we could add our liked songs on our profiles so everyone can see the music we like bcuz it's sometimes really hard to put ur whole liked songs on a playlist ( especially if u got over 2k songs like me) also it would be cool if we could see who liked our playlist -ty for reading ❤",0,5,spotify
1965,Mariah G,"December 4, 2022","Basically forces you to pay the premium. The free 30 minutes of ad free listening is a joke after two songs I have back to back ads, a song will play then more ads. Not my favorite app anymore, it wasn't always like this. Update: App sucks even more now, you can't even preview songs or add songs in one of your playlist to another. The greed is to high now that your only option is premium or to delete. Smh I wish I could do a negative star rating",4 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1966,Snow,"February 15, 2023",There is an ad after every 1 or 2 songs like why?? Ik you guys are trying to bump up ur premium subscription but this is not the way. Your free streaming should be just as good as the premium ( besides the offline stuff). It's so annoying ( pls don't tell me to buy a premium subscription),0,3,spotify
1967,Naithan Varughese,"January 23, 2023","I love that Spotify added lyrics. But since they added the artists profile in addition to the lyrics, the page takes a while to load which has become a nuisance. If I swipe up for the lyrics before it loads, it skips back to the previous song instead. I wish it was more seamless.",1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
1968,Gladiator,"February 7, 2023",I love spotify but on your phone they don't have the features that you do in your computer or whatever. It only has the shuffle button on your phone. You can't play a song that you want. It only lets you shuffle.,0,3,spotify
1969,christian sharpless,"February 9, 2023","I absolutely could not live my life without Spotify I've been a premium member for more than 5 years and I have close to 1mill liked songs and hundreds upon hundreds of playlists,i have had yt music,SoundCloud, pandora you name it and none come close to this app,I do still have yt premium for those obscure,hard to find songs but Spotify rarely ever has a song you can't find, of course it does happen, but this app you could say has literally saved me numerous times if I'm breathing I'm on Spotify",0,5,spotify
1970,Péter Sánta,"January 22, 2023",The music stops after every third song. I got premium subscription. Good phone good internet. Am I doing something wrong? I love Spotify. There are lots of features but focus on the basic functions please. It's very annoying. Fix it and I give 5+stars,0,5,spotify
1971,Dmitri Trofimov,"February 16, 2023",Still doesn't update song name on my Lexus IS300h screen via Bluetooth when it switches songs by itself. When I switch manually via buttons on steering wheel - all works. Google Music works fine. UPD: still doesn't work in 2023.,0,1,spotify
1972,Lemuria “Lilith” Happiness,"January 14, 2023","I've rejoined this app after some years of absent, and I actually like this a lot. Pretty good interface with comfortable colorings. Good job. If I assume that there's problem, it's one. About discord's: ""Now Playing"" feature, it seems there's glitch for the feature sometimes. And this is more important suggestion. Me and some more people wanting to show the: ""Now Playing"" status of discord even if we don't open discord each times to show what we listening now. Please work on that update.",0,3,spotify
1973,Tom Nyaboga,"January 15, 2023","Seamless user interface with a wide music selection including Afrobeat, Bongo, Amapiano, old skul Hip-Hop and 90s to 2000s alternative hits. Reconnected to bands like Matchbox 20, the Goo goo dolls , Three doors down etc. I love that it plays in the background allowing you to use other apps or even with the phone locked unlike YouTube. Initially I had an Ad free experience without interrupted music. Immediately after giving a a 5 star review, I am getting Ads after every song.",0,3,spotify
1974,Anika Sydnor,"December 2, 2022",Used to be five stars now just three stars. All of the sudden the app sucks. I've always loved Spotify but I have a playlist that I listen to the most I add things to it all the time and recently there is no longer a sorting button so I literally have to scroll down days and days of songs to find the very newest songs on my playlist and then they've added a bunch of their own choices to my playlist as well which really pisses me off but kind of intrigues me lol.,0,3,spotify
1975,Tony Peppermint,"January 26, 2023","Spotify, a decent service; assuming you get past the heavy amount of ads you get without Premium or when it doesn't start to bug and stop songs 10 seconds in, or attempt to get back into the app after reinstalling and failing each time. Probably a decent service. Can use better management.",0,1,spotify
1976,Ember Kimble,"February 13, 2023","Pauses every 15 seconds. Really takes me out of everything I'm listening to, especially when I'm in the middle of a horror podcast and right as the suspense is supposed to kick in the whole thing stops.",0,1,spotify
1977,Timothy,"January 3, 2023","Samsung Watch Sound Quality Cannot Be Adjusted. Imagine the 90's and low quality 128bps and lower MP3 downloads.. it's equivalent to that. Cymbal crashes are destroyed, any high-end is garbage, phone app doesn't allow watches quality adjustment, says ""unavailable now"" when listening using watch. Audio on phone is fine, audio on watch, using other apps is fine, Spotify's streaming bitrate for watches is too low.",0,2,spotify
1978,Tyler Horsefield,"February 9, 2023",Buggy and unplayable. Plays music or podcast for like 5 to 10 minutes then shuts off. You have to open the app again and the play it. Really annoying. App sucks. This is a failure.,0,1,spotify
1979,Paul Mason,"December 23, 2022","I have musician friends with music on Spotify, so I installed it to listen to them. However, I have little control over what I hear, rendering the whole exercise pointless. I will uninstall this ridiculous app and warn others. The one star rating is undeserved, but required at least to activate the POST button.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1980,Lewis Johnson,"February 8, 2023","I am enjoying exploring this app, to keep it simple and short, if I had to pick something wrong with Spotify it would be choices. There are so many available, it's hard to settle on one thing",0,5,spotify
1981,Laksh Sayz,"February 4, 2023",It is a ver nice experience to hear the musics songs in Spotify but it contains a lots of ads because of this I get irritated alltimes. So I want u to please remove the ads so that everybody can hear the songs without get disturbed.,0,4,spotify
1982,CheesePuff Cheesy,"December 30, 2022","The computer app is somewhat ok, but the mobile app is just absolutely terrible. Just save yourself some space on your device and use the web player, you can't even loop your music/playlist or change the volume on the mobile app and you can only skip 6 songs on both anyways. Very disappointed.",0,1,spotify
1983,Sakshi Patil,"February 16, 2023","Always been a fan of this app, but now that i tried playing music it just doesn't play. I've tried to play songs with the same account on a dif phone and tv as well, played just fine, so it isn't a fault of the account but i tried refreshing it many times but it didn't work, would like to know the reason please",0,3,spotify
1984,Sie Williams (Sielilo),"December 22, 2022","This app is normally great to listen to music on. Nonetheless, it has a current bug. Randomly, the music refuses to play, and the music bar even disappears at times. I've tried changing the playlist, and the music still won't work.",0,3,spotify
1985,Kimberly Vickers,"February 1, 2023","Been using Spotify for years as my main music app. I appreciate being able to download playlists for offline use. Newer feature, the enhance feature, has elevated my workout playlist. With the feature enabled it will recommend and add similar style songs to your playlist, keeping it fresh. I've been using pro for years and I don't think I could workout without it haha",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
1986,audrey,"January 4, 2023","Spotify is an great app after you've been using it for more than a month, once it knows your music taste the playlists they recommend are amazing, also the whole experience in general is just better than any other music app I've used before, it's fairly easy to go through and it has good recommendations, everything is just kinda better than apple music..!",0,5,spotify
1987,Lord of Ruin,"December 5, 2022","Great, but would really like a lossless or similar quality, if available. Some sound very poor, where I have heard a better quality on another service. But the convenience is outstanding. Friends join in at gatherings. Wander between devices is easy. Yeah, just need higher quality audio.",0,4,spotify
1988,Jodie Krause,"February 15, 2023",Love this app. The best part is it suggest songs that are similar to what I'm listening to. We have the family plan.. it's cheap with a ton of perks and you can check out other people's music. Love this app!,0,5,spotify
1989,Navpreet Singh,"January 1, 2023",I only have one problem with the app. Why can't we remove podcasts and shows from our home screen. I accidently clicked on one of the explicit podcast now it keeps on hovering on my home screen. It's really frustrating to see it everyday. Please provide us with an option to remove stuff from our home screen and watch list.,0,2,spotify
1990,Kylie Harriman,"December 17, 2022","This app is terrible. It wont let you listen to the song you want. Search a song? You only get 6 skips an hour and it gives you a randomised playlist goodluck. Want to avoid this? Pay 10 DOLLARS a month to skip adds and pick what you want to listen to. Ridiculous. If it's on your playlist the same problem occurs. Pandora is way better tbh. It is SO Hard to use it and it keeps adding songs to my playlist I never asked for! Terrible app. 1/5 Ridiculously Hard for MUSIC, Use pandora or YouTube.",0,1,spotify
1991,nope,"December 11, 2022","I don't know what you did in the last update but you need to fix it.. I can't leave the app otherwise my playlist won't play and won't show other songs in the queue, unless I click another song which sucks because I keep it on shuffle and I keep getting good ones that I have to reset every. single. time... normally I LOVE Spotify, I even pay for the family plan..",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
1992,Nina Krentel,"December 12, 2022","Since the most recent update it has removed the option to add playlists to my phone's home screen, what the heck? That was a good feature. Also, it used to let me play downloaded songs when out of wifi range but it will no longer play them, making the download feature pointless...",22 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1993,Mallory,"February 7, 2023","I've used napster, amazon music, and apple music back in the day and Spotify has been my go to for years and that won't change anytime soon. It's so personalized, and honestly it don't have a single complaint.",0,5,spotify
1994,Jordan Parchment,"December 15, 2022","This app is getting glitchy. Recently I got a new card so my service was deactivated. I updated my payment method last week but it keeps telling me to update payment method randomly and won't play music. The money is out of my account though.. And those rare occasions it does work, it plays one song and then stops playing.. I have to go back in the app and restart a new playlist almost every time.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1995,John Starkey,"February 16, 2023","Great app for music and podcasts. Would've given 5 stars if the content I download for offline listening was actually available to me when I'm offline. Instead, I'm dealing with the loading screen every time. I pay $15/month specifically so I can download podcasts and music to listen to whole offline. Fix that problem Spotify and I'll rate 5 stars.",0,3,spotify
1996,Jonathan Gourlie,"December 28, 2022","Locks all other apps out of Bluetooth. The only way to listen to another app in my car was to force close Spotify. Also, I use it to play soothing music for my baby on my Google Home, but it jumps to my ear buds every time I put them in, there is no way to turn this feature off. Super annoying!",0,2,spotify
1997,Joshua Daily,"December 19, 2022","The app is mostly functional. It is extremely frustrating to use with limited cell service, however. Downloaded songs to my phone still buffer for some reason. And it is constant trying to download items I already downloaded and haven't deleted. Downloaded content often shows as not downloaded. Edit: Now the app is incapable of downloading any content despite a solid 200mb/s wifi and 15gb of free space. My phone has spent the last four days attempting to download stuff.",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
1998,LaDonna Wilder,"December 14, 2022",I've used Spotify for years and have always loved it. The last updated however is horrible. It will stop playing the song before it ends and it freezes. I have to close out the app and go back into which is super inconvenient. Please fix this.,0,1,spotify
1999,Dipjyoti Roy,"January 2, 2023",The most overrated music streaming app out there. Literally every other streaming app would allows you to download individual songs. Here you are required to download entire album or a playlist. Also if a curated playlist is deleted from Spotify. Your entire downloads becomes inaccessible. Podcasts also has select few playback speed. Apart from some select original programming there aren't any reason to go for Spotify over it's much superior rivals.,11 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
2000,maai tiolengco,"February 13, 2023","Definitely a great music streaming app. But after update, I'm having issues changing the storage location to sd card. The feature is no longer appearing. Pls fix this bug Asap.",0,3,spotify
2001,Sheba Sara Kurian,"January 4, 2023","When I first started using Spotify, it was really great . But now I can't even play songs on my playlist. When I search also for some songs it will just show the song name /movie and that's it no songs inside . Sorry to say but Spotify is worst now ! Worst app can't listen to even one song .",0,1,spotify
2002,Therese Kalaukoa,"February 16, 2023",It was good and I was able to make a Playlist of songs but then it started playing songs I didn't even have on my Playlist and you can close the song so whenever you try to listen to your Playlist it just gives that song. It sucks,0,2,spotify
2003,rufina nesiama,"December 12, 2022","This app automatically shuffles my playlist without me asking for it and I can't change it, playlists always malfunction and randomly stop playing music, I can't even listen to a particular song when I want cuz theirs no way to play a particular song in a playlist it just shuffles to any random song in my playlist. Tsk tsk tbh. Soooo anoyinggggg.",0,2,spotify
2004,Eric Showalter,"December 18, 2022","App occasionally crashes and haven't found a way to play a genre (i.e. play an artist and let app suggest other similar songs to see if i like). Lately, podcasts will just stop playing even though it is NOT paused. Can rewind and it will only play to the same point and stop again. Fast forwarding doesn't help at all.",0,2,spotify
2005,Vince K,"February 15, 2023","Don't know what happen to Spotify. Ever since it got updated, the music stopped randomly within 5 to 10 minutes. I am going to stop my subscription if this issue isn't fixed as soon possible.",0,1,spotify
2006,Miguel,"January 30, 2023","I don't understand how such a popular app has so many persistent problems. Right now, whatever is playing scratches and skips like a CD whenever the phone screen is off. Force stopping the app fixes the issue for about a minute. I've been troubleshooting for hours and no fix in sight.",0,2,spotify
2007,Joe Reitz,"December 9, 2022",What working great up until yesterday. It plays a song or 2 from my downloaded playlist and then turns off the music. I have to leave the app and manually select a different song from a playlist to get it going again. Only for it to do the same thing after 1 song. I just want to listen to music while I drive,3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
2008,Kerri Orttel,"January 14, 2023","love the easy use of this app; much better than others, and the monthly price isn't bad at all. would have given 5 stars but the only downside I've come across is that due to a few hard months I've wanted to put just a simple hold on payment, but couldn't stop the payment. if someone could help by next month on how to fix this matter it would be most wonderful. Also in fact to not giving a full 5 stars is that there isn't a direct phone number to speak to a tech. Thanks",3 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
2009,E E,"December 25, 2022",I have an Samsung tablet and it works completely fine and let's me play songs all the way through and I'm on a free account with ads. Well I in have a phone as well but it doesn't let me play songs on it no matter what... My friend is having the same issue. I would rate 4 if I could actually listen to music..,0,2,spotify
2010,Christina Steiger,"December 27, 2022","I have been enjoying this app hugely lately. I first began using it primarily to listen to podcasts. Then I got the idea of using it to put together playlists for my mother and my uncle, both efforts were hugely successful. Now I have put together two playlists for my own listening pleasure! So I went from an occasional Spotify user to a daily user, and it has been so wonderful during a time of my life when I am struggling with some complex medical conditions.",0,5,spotify
2011,Pedro Nunes,"January 20, 2023","It should be just a music player. And that would be great. But the developers think that we want to receive suggestions and now these idiots implemented a ""smart shuffle"" function, so you'll have to listen to a lot of songs that ARE NOT ON YOUR PLAYLIST while you try to listen to your playlist. Very cool, developer. You should receive a sound slap on your stupid face every time you came with ideas like this. Dumbass.",0,1,spotify
2012,Katie Patton,"February 18, 2023",Wish I hadn't waited so long to switch from Amazon Music. This app is superior. I was able to create a Playlist and text it to my husband in minutes. 10 stars!,0,5,spotify
2013,Μανώλης Ριτσατάκης,"December 30, 2022","The standard membership is very restricting, that's why I've put 4 stars. If you decide to pay for the premium subscription you gain many perks that make the listening experience much better. I absolutely love the algorithm of Spotify because I can explore so many new sounds and artists that I would never before.",7 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
2014,Caelin.,"January 14, 2023","I have 3,916 liked songs in my library right now and Spotify has successfully been able to cycle the same 100 songs on SHUFFLE, play all, random - every single time. I listen to music so much that I land in the >%99 of the US population for listening time. I shouldn't be able to hear the same songs out of 3,916 every time I shuffle-play them, that's horrible. It's not annoying - it's disruptive. Do better Spotify. Please.",8 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
2015,Anghellic Delgado,"January 18, 2023","The app is soo amazing to listen to music, podcast and much more! You can make a playlist for your music and spotify will probably add some other songs that you might like in the future 😊 I don't really like the adds but the maximum of the ads time are 30 seconds or less. I just really recommend spotify to you and ur friends😊!",0,5,spotify
2016,Mike Stav,"February 17, 2023",Ever since I started using Spotify I haven't stopped listening to my favorite music. This app is so easy to use and runs smoothly even when Spotify is in the background. Amazing for playing games or cycling,1 person found this review helpful,4,spotify
2017,Jewell Photography,"December 2, 2022","SPOTIFY 🎶is one of the greatest apps for 🎶 MUSIC 🎶that I have ever come across. Sure there's YouTube Music 🎶 but if your screen turns of, your music 🎶 stops. SPOTIFY plays right on through and gives you a heads up display showing your song 🎵 title and play/pause button and your skip song 🎵 The Playlists feature is pretty nice, just wish you could have the option of making one private if you wanted to.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
2018,Annabelle Rose Simmons,"January 15, 2023",So good but it has 3 issues. 1 is whenever I try to play a song it plays a totally different song. Other problem is I made a playlist and it played songs that I didn't even add to the playlist. 3rd problem (could just be me being stupid but idk) is songs/podcasts just won't stop playing when I enter the app until I play another song/podcast. Then repeat cycle.,0,4,spotify
2019,E.M. Dennison,"February 11, 2023","Spotify is an amazing music app. The premium plan is at a good price, the variety and options are perfect, and it never has bugs on me, which is great. Amazing.",0,5,spotify
2020,Aslyn Minden,"December 27, 2022","I absolutely love Spotify. I can listen to my favorite song writers and singers. Unfortunately, as of late, my ""liked songs"" playlist has not been showing my liked songs. It simply says ""You can find your liked songs here"". I never had this problem up until a week ago.",0,4,spotify
2021,KLEEnex,"February 6, 2023","This app is pretty good I get the songs I added to my playlist but its so annoying when another song I DIDNT add to my playlist plays in between the songs I DID add. I didnt add those songs because I dont want to hear them, but they play anyways.",0,3,spotify
2022,Suvigya Agrawal,"December 10, 2022","App is good but their premium advertisement is so frequent which is so annoying. Literally after every two songs they give advertisement of 2 minutes which is very bad experience. Not every one can afford premium. Advertisement is ok but in a limited way. I am editing my review, and it's been a month . They are still not removing ads . Frequency of ads is so high which is very irritating. After every 1 song they show 3 ads ..... What type of app is this!!",3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
2023,Katy,"January 26, 2023","the free version is really bad, but the premium version is so good. unfortunate that you have to pay to have a good experience, but it's worth it. however, the new smart shuffle feature crashes my device every time i turn it on, no matter what update the app has had.",0,4,spotify
2024,Wanda waaa,"February 10, 2023","Showing pop up ads, even though we have family premium... I turned off all notifications. The app doesn't let you turn off internal pop ads. -- if pop ups don't bother you... it's a nice music/podcast app.",0,3,spotify
2025,Zara Khan,"December 28, 2022","I love Spotify and I currently have Premium because they had a good deal on, but for a while now, when I go off the app, the music just stops and then when I click play either in my notifications or in the app, it takes the song back to the start. Very annoying, please fix this!",0,3,spotify
2026,Dee Bhadest,"January 20, 2023","I'm so sick of playing a playlist of 600 plus songs and not even getting a third of the way through, pause it, come back the next day and it skips to some random song every time. OR the shuffle playing the same 10 songs everytime. also when im in a area with no service it act likes it can't play downloaded songs. IM PREMIUM fix this. it's annoying and seems like a waste of money at this point",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
2027,Jacob Hyland,"December 26, 2022","I HATE THIS APP, ok at first it was good, for like three days, now it is garbage. If you want to listen to music, UES YOUTUBE! It adds songs to my playlist, (it didn't do this before) it won't let me lessen to songs (I have to listen to a 'playlist' with over twenty song in it, and tt doesn't play the song I wanted first, I listen for over ten minutes of songs I didn't know because I can't skip more the six time an hour.) His app is NOT worth it, I do not want to PAY to use this FREE app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
2028,Pranshu Dhotre,"December 7, 2022",It's a superb app. Love it. The sound quality is just superb. Really the best app to listen to music. There are a few problems like the music suddenly stops playing out of nowhere and sometimes the songs take a lot of time to start. Please take a look into it. Otherwise no problem at all. It's completely the best app for music 👍,4 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
2029,Louis Fushigi II.,"February 15, 2023","It's been 3 years since I started using the app, have been a premium subscriber for 1 year, and you're now just telling me to rate your app? WHAT DO YOU EXPECT OTHER THAN A FIVE STAR?! THIS APP TOPS EVERYONE IN THE GAME. THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST MUSIC APP I'VE EVER USED. and im not even kidding, neither am i a bot. the premium price is a bit high here in Turkey but it's normal becuz we're facing an economical crisis. also i just wish you could still add playlist widgets to your home screen. ☹️",0,5,spotify
2030,Lee Eyong Lepcha,"February 12, 2023",The best music and podcast app I ever have .. it has good audio quality and there's a data saving mode too if you're running low on data.. Not only that it sometimes have a positive impact on my life ..well anyways it's the best app I ever download in my life ;),0,5,spotify
2031,Argo Roodla,"January 4, 2023",My experience with this app is just trash. i found a song on YT and wanted to find it here. I found it and tried to play it but it forces me to listen to some other suggested music! WHY?! Overall this app is just trash. At least it lets me listen to my podcast without forcing me to listen to some random suggested stuff,0,1,spotify
2032,Vickie Hsu,"January 25, 2023",A good app for music/podcast. One option I baffles me is why can it not delete a search history if I tried it out but don't like it. It is forever on the home page every time the app opens. Why do I have to go through the hassle of creating a private session. Heard that it used to be a option for delete but has since been removed.,0,2,spotify
2033,Brianna Raymond,"January 20, 2023","Hello people of google. I am just rewriting my review. So, here we go... Where do I even start? This app is AMAZING! I really like listening to music on here, and the app is really easy to use, and I have also created a few playlists. The only issue is in order to get all the features, you have to pay for premium, so I don't, and the ads are pretty annoying. But other than that, this app is pretty neat! (:",0,4,spotify
2034,patrick3178,"February 17, 2023",It's starting to be annoying. Every time I am listening to a song it just pauses and when I click play again it starts from the beginning. I pay a monthly fee so I expect this to be sorted. And I updated it this morning,0,1,spotify
2035,Hecc Google,"January 25, 2023","Imagine playing the requested song... Tried 5 times to select a song to play as a radio station, but I want to hear THAT song, not whatever else you feel like. Garbage experience without premium, you already force-feed ads every few songs, at least let me listen to the song I'm in the mood for before that.",0,2,spotify
2036,WORLD STXR,"December 24, 2022",It's gotten to the point where it's not even enjoyable using the free version of Spotify. Try to get free 30 minutes? Watch atleast a good minutes worth of ads just to not get 30 minutes of free music. The Playlists are now buggy and hard to make because there's no longer a preview feature.,12 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
2037,Dmitrii Skitsko,"January 21, 2023","I love Spotify, I used to use YouTube music for the ""up next"" feature, but when I switched I realized I had been missing out all this time. Also it's become it's own social platform which is really cool and inspiring. I would hope to see 2 things added: karaoke/sing along mode, and maybe a revision to the queue system.",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
2038,Chuck Helms,"December 13, 2022",I have used this app for several years. This recent update has made the bar at the bottom of my home screen disappear and then when it there it won't play when you hit the play button. It won't play any of my play list once you close out of the app and get back into it later. Please fix.......,0,1,spotify
2039,Martin “Marty” Ipsen,"December 11, 2022","With me not yet being a Premium customer, and having to endure the repetitive commercials; the same ones each intermission, I enjoy the allowances I do have. There is a variety of choices, and it's music I enjoyed growing up, as well as some of the current choices for entertainment. If there were more of a difference in advertisements, it wouldn't be so... Irritating to listen to the ads. Allinall, I enjoy my priveledge to listen to Spotify",2 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
2040,Pauleen Grace Caña,"February 16, 2023","The album showing in the widget is not the same one as playing and its very annoying. I tried uninstalling/reinstalling it, it's the same. Never had this problem with YT music.",0,2,spotify
2041,Ankit Verma,"December 4, 2022","Earlier I used to be able to control other devices logged in with the same ID and play my songs. After buying Premium, it does not work at all. Once a song is paused. I cannot resume it later to any other device. I have to go to the other device and manually do it. This bad and frustrating. Highly disappointed.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
2042,Sahan Upendra,"December 6, 2022","""Best music streaming app. Easy to access and really good UI. Lot of room to create and asset playlists. Suggesting playlist from the app is really good too."" This is was my impression of the app before last couple of updates. But now the app is very toxic towards its free users. New updates took away the previews of songs in a playlist for free users. Major blow to my free experience and removed previews are being a major obstacle to making playlists! Pls, change this and bring back previews.",31 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
2043,Erin Ashley,"February 4, 2023","This app logged me out as I was listening to music and won't let me log back in at all, because it keeps automatically trying to sign into my account with an old password every time it opens now. I am not paying for premium anymore for something I can't use. What a joke.",0,1,spotify
2044,JC,"February 14, 2023","Please add a QUICK way to access the equalizer (even when in car mode) because I need to keep switching the EQ when I change output devices in order to have the best possible sound for that output device. *AND* please reverse the Like the Hide buttons in the CarMode full page song playing screen because they are located on OPPOSITE sides than the Notification and Normal playing modes, so I keep accidentally tapping the hide button when I wanted to Like a song, and it is a PITA to unhide a song!!",2 people found this review helpful,4,spotify
2045,Grey Mitchell,"January 14, 2023","Pretty sucky as of right now, whenever I try to play my playlist the song won't play I've tried closing and reopening Spotify and I updated it but it will not work. None of my playlist work and I can't listen to music. The suggestions sucked too when it did work and I would hate when it would play a suggestion instead of my playlist but this is really the only music app I can get but it doesn't even work correctly",0,2,spotify
2046,CasualGuyHarry,"January 4, 2023","I really love Spotify and have for the years I've been using it, however for the past month I haven't had my 30 minutes of ""free uninterrupted listening"". And I keep trying to listen to my liked songs which there is nearly 100 of but after around 20-30 of them I get songs that aren't even in a playlist of mine, let alone liked.",0,3,spotify
2047,Xander Pascua,"December 10, 2022","After being a premium user of this app for about 7 years, ive loved this app. Recently, ive been having issues with it though. Whenever I close my spotify, the next time I access the playlist where I left off, the next song restarts the playlist. Also, I have downloaded my songs so I can listen offline, yet it doesn't work. Please fix these bugs",6 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
2048,Mikhil Muhuthan,"December 1, 2022","IF YOU LIVE IN SRI LANKA, PLEASE READ! PROS: ▪Spotify Premium is cheaper than most other platforms and gives good deals ▪Spotify's UI is easy to understand and use ▪Spotify's algorithm is good and is pretty quick in finding your taste in music and helping you discover new types of music CONS: ▪︎Due to Region Restrictions, many features are not available in SL (Podcasts,Songs,Events) ▪Some songs, when searched. Spotify gives you a remix or alt version since the original version isn't available.",27 people found this review helpful,3,spotify
2049,Doug Bennett,"December 14, 2022","Latest update: the app doesn't even work now. It's like they research how much worse they can make it Horrible, Horrible app. Shuffle algorithm absolutely sucks. In fact, there's no shuffle about it. It plays the same song, or the same artist over and over. I want to listen to the songs that I've picked, not what Spotify thinks that I want to hear, or what others might be listening to, or what Spotify wants me to listen to. If it wasn't for family members on my plan, I would pay Apple for music.",1 person found this review helpful,1,spotify
2050,Tim,"February 10, 2023","How do people like this app over other options? It truly baffles me. Wanna start listening to music? Hold up, you got 5 unskippable ads to watch, 2 songs in you get another ad. Wanna skip a song? Hold up, that's 5 more unskippable ads... Seriously???",0,1,spotify
2051,Nandos Umii,"January 28, 2023","So easy to understand and use. Has any and every song you can think of. Only think I don't like is that if I want to download a song from an album, I have to download the whole album as well, but other than that, the app is fire no cap. Much better than overrated Apple Music 🥱🤷‍♂️",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
2052,Shibani Majhi,"December 10, 2022","I'm really bound to think now , why I'm I using Spotify I better should uninstall it cause I'm very disappointed after I update it for the latest version . I want my older version back it was far more better than the new one . After updated I lost the loop option , Spotify play any song randomly , I can't play a specific part of particular song and many more problems are there . I want all these options back , please try to bring back these options . Thank you .",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
2053,Antony Chenjelani,"January 8, 2023","Although it's a pretty cool and good app ,its not entirely reliable. It was working fine a few days after l had it then boom out of nowhere it shuffled my music and playlist .l can't even play the songs l like because it picks for me .Its getting frustrating and l would be happy if the problem were fixed. ASAP",0,2,spotify
2054,Kevin Kelly,"December 3, 2022","The UI ease of use to find what you want is not as good as YouTube music. The algorithms to predict which song you want to hear next are close to being as good as youGoogle's YouTube music, but they have the advantage of access to more content by just a little bit. So consider it a tie between YouTube music and Spotify.",0,5,spotify
2055,Flaming Ball Of Memes,"February 2, 2023",Really good. I use Spotify all the time to listen to my music. I just wish that people could specific songs out of playlists instead of it being randomized or sends you to a different song entirely. I have to waste all my free skips just to listen to one song sometimes,0,4,spotify
2056,ComfySpecs,"December 13, 2022","I have premium, and i used to adore this app. however, for the past week or so, the app will just stop playing music after a couple of songs. I have to fully close and restart the app then restart the playlist, and then the process begins all over again. it's infuriating.",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
2057,Trevor Lewis,"January 20, 2023","Been flaky recently and the shuffle function (since the inception of the smart shuffle feature) is garbage. The # of installs of the app is so high because people need to delete and reinstall the app, more frequently than they should have to. I'd switch providers if there was a way to export my playlists but alas, there is no easy way to do so",3 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
2058,Sachin Vinith,"December 9, 2022","I'm using Spotify premium, it's alwaus my go to for listening music anytime but I face a problem that you guys can rectify, I usually require bass boosting audio, so a I tweak the Equalizer to my liking, the problem is sometimes the Equalizer disables itself and only after tapping on it it re-enables please fix this. Also, a separate tab for Equalizer can be implemented if the above is not possible so I can change it everytime",0,5,spotify
2059,Yash Diwakar,"February 7, 2023",App was working fine until one or two update;we want back triple dot feature in search option so don't have to play song for adding it into playlist & when advance shuffling turns on in playlist search bar goes away and can't search song to add it in que or can't sort the playlist which is annoying PLZ DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT,2 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
2060,Munster Corpse,"February 2, 2023","THIS APP. THIS APP HAS GOTTEN ME THROUGH MY MOST DEPRESSIVE EPISODES AND STILL DOES. Fr music is therapy and once you get premium, the ads that play every two songs are just gone. I'm even typing this while using the app in the background! The app can play music in the background while you use another app, even while your phone is closed! Recommending Somberaeon btw, it's my uncles' band and they have like 3 monthly listeners, they're super underrated.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
2061,Anirban Deb,"February 4, 2023","Nothing better than this online music experience. Only one suggestion - if someone IT illiterate like me, by mistake creates two accounts - one by mobile number, and two by Gmail, the app should allow the user to merge the two accounts. I raised this issue with WhatsApp but alas... No response!",0,5,spotify
2062,Nita Ortiz,"February 3, 2023","I love the variety of music,, and the range of artists to choose from,, the one thing, it could use is the option to play a particular song of an artist when searching for it, it comes up but for some reason will not go off the song it wants to play! But all and all even though,, I would recommend Spotify to anyone! Nice job Spotify!!",3 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
2063,Atlys Voges,"December 27, 2022","It is really good just a few things in mind I don't like...you can't skip songs(more then 6 times) or peak at the next song without premium, premium cost a lot of money and it HAS to charge you after a certain time period. It is really good besides these thank you",0,4,spotify
2064,Eddie Bendigo,"February 1, 2023",Definitely one of the best apps to listen to adds now. Even more aggressive than YouTube. So bad that after every song you'll get anywhere from three to nine ads at a time. Even after the ads that tell you that you'll have no ads for half an hour. After those you get at least seven more ads. 10/10 corporate trash vendor app,0,1,spotify
2065,George Dobre,"December 14, 2022","App was fine until a few updates ago, now, connected with android auto, it would play a song from my playlist as i turn the car on, then it stops randomly. On the car display it shows the stop square button and something circling it as if buffering and the car commands arent working. To fix it i have to interact with my phone spotify app while driving. What gives?",1 person found this review helpful,2,spotify
2066,Michael,"December 19, 2022","I absolutely love using Spotify for all my music needs. The app is extremely user-friendly and has a vast selection of songs, albums, and playlists to choose from. I particularly enjoy the personalized recommendations feature, which suggests new music to me based on my listening history.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
2067,Rebekah Debrey,"December 26, 2022",Keeps automatically playing every time I get in the car. It's so annoying!! I have to force stop it to get rid of it. No matter how many times I close it and remove it each time the car stops and turns on again this will come blaring through. About ready to uninstall it!,0,1,spotify
2068,Rich K,"December 13, 2022",Updated 12/12 New update now has it playingn20 seconds of 1 song then goes completely dead. Only way to make it work is to go to the phone and then select the playlist. Then choose any other random song to get playback again. From there it works as long as you don't disconnect from the car. Several people at work are experienceing the same issue.,18 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
2069,Elizabeth Hebert,"December 12, 2022","Keeps freezing after so many songs. Will stop playing songs and when I try to hit the play button it doesn't work. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it, I have wiped cache and started it again it will play songs and then stop, if I close app completely and go back in I cant click play nothing, for it start working again I just have to click an actual song.- it only happens so far on my samsung galaxy s22 after the app updated. My internet is fine and everything.",1 person found this review helpful,3,spotify
2070,Brandon Columbe,"December 21, 2022","I love the app. I have premium. But without premium. It's basically useless. However, I do have 1 complaint. Why is it we don't have the option to download a 1 specific song at a time? We pay 10 bucks a month for this and we can't download 1 song at a time? If you were to add that, please keep the option to download the entire Playlist. But other than that. I love the app",0,4,spotify
2071,Schul 91,"January 26, 2023","Normally a 4 star, 5 if you get the subscription, but lately all it does is crash assuming I even get to the music I'm looking for. Most of the time I'm stuck in an endless loading cycle that persists regardless of what I do. Why is it that I'm paying $11 a month to listen to my music, what I want, when I want, without ads, and yet I cannot do so? If this keeps occurring I'm just cutting my losses and unsubbing. I'm not getting the service I paid for.",0,2,spotify
2072,Grace Dunkerley,"January 1, 2023",This app is the most terrible music listening app ever unless you pay a subscription. You can't find specific songs easily or anything and it makes you listen to loads of stuff you don't want. At least on Amazon music or YouTube music it is still easy to navigate when you don't pay.,0,1,spotify
2073,Mekisha Seals-Purkey,"December 27, 2022","It's a good listening app with a user friendly interface. However, it's easy to accumulate multiples of the same song and if you try to unlike it to not have the multiple, it often deletes all of that song! Fix that and I'll change my review again.",0,4,spotify
2074,Erica,"December 13, 2022",Free Spotify is currently very bad to use. I can't select which playlist to play before getting into my car. I tap on a song within it and it just plays a short preview and once I get into my car it plays a random playlist that I didn't pick. Even when I had a paid account it only played up to 10 songs on a loop instead of my whole playlist.,3 people found this review helpful,2,spotify
2075,Mike Peters,"February 2, 2023","Edit: I said I'd fix my rating it when the app was improved, working now with no issues! Love this app.... when it works. Can't get through a song without it stopping at least 4 times, and forget about doing a podcast. I'm paying for this frustration? Fix it and I'll re-subscribe and fix my rating.",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
2076,Anthony Abel,"December 9, 2022","USE ANY OTHER MUSIC SERVICE Spotify do not care for customers. I am a PREMIUM customer, meaning I pay to not have ads, yet at this point I just have fewer than the free user. They actively have pop-up adverts when you're using the app. They have audiobooks (which you have to pay extra for) and podcasts taking up half of your home screen, even if you've NEVER clicked on one. When you complain on the forums, they ignore you or just say it won't change. Simply use Deezer or Amazon music.",2 people found this review helpful,1,spotify
2077,Mollissa Bennett,"February 12, 2023","Has almost every song I've looked for, even live shows. Shazam is compatible with this app. Very helpful when trying to find new music, or even older music that Spotify recommends according to your taste",1 person found this review helpful,5,spotify
2078,Dr. Falguni Mandhana,"December 21, 2022","It's first time of me reviewing any app. Cause it deserves to be complimented. Only reason I am forced to review is the ""2022 wrapped"" they created. It really walked me down to the journey of last year. I couldn't stop smiling while looking through all my memorables and favorites. Spotify was always my go to and comfortable app including ads. But now it's best music app for me.",28 people found this review helpful,5,spotify
2079,John Tyler ThroneBerry,"February 19, 2023","Love it but why did you take away the button to repeat a song, and maybe consider adding the option to listen to 1 song instead of a whole playlist when searching for a song. Also take away the part where you add songs to our playlist, I cant even take away the song, it just replaces it!!",0,5,spotify
