,Name,Date,Review,Found Helpful,Stars,App Name
0,Aryan Kumar,"January 30, 2023","My ""for you"" pages is a list. It stays in the same order and only nee rings are added from the too. But I'm tierd of seeing the same thing I had already. Why not make a ""discover"" section. The button would be at the bottom of the phone, like ""search"" has. The algorithm will decide what you like. I know I basically telling you to make something like reels and tiktoks but this has a bit of Twitter to it. It will have posts, videos and images, not just videos.","1,727 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
1,Shwyne,"February 18, 2023","App stopped working on all my devices. Whenever I open the app, it just crashes. Before, I had problems with playing videos and the for you page was just showing the same stuff over and over again, even after refreshing. Worst social media app rn, don't install it. Use it in your browser or use a better alternative.",592 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2,Ross Tarbard,"January 29, 2023","It appears that Android has lost the ability to direct message from someone's profile, even if you follow each other. This is on top of notifications or messages only showing intermittently, and sometimes not at all. It has become incredibly buggy recently, with pointless ""improvements"" which have done nothing to improve the app. I guess that's what happens when you sack all the competent people and keep the sycophants.","5,719 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
3,Mali,"February 8, 2023","This social media app is pretty decent. I'm using it as a tool to develop Indie Games and such, and one thing I also use it for is communication. I've noticed that within the new chances to the platform, I can't chat directly on people's profiles anymore... Edit, they've brought this back. Maybe this was either a bug, or the reception didn't like it. Thanks!","1,152 people found this review helpful",5,twitter
4,Andre Williams (*trueSQUEAkEr41*),"December 30, 2022","It's amazing! Love the app! I can use it on my phone to be able to tweet my followers on the go (when I'll have time) instead of using my computer. The only bug I've found so far is that when you're done seeing a picture or watching a clip at full screen or after reading a tweet and want to go back, it sends you back at the beginning of the page where you saw the tweet as if you're looking at that page the first time (loading screens after each portion). Can you look into this. Thank you.","6,099 people found this review helpful",5,twitter
5,Dom Rački,"February 11, 2023","The past few updates have slowly been ruining the experience of using the app. Constant like/reply/views switching aside, 90% of the time that I try to open the app it brings me to the login screen as if I wasn't logged in. When I try to log in it freezes and won't let me in. But if I exit the app on the login screen, swipe it away in recent apps and open it again – it lets me in the app, to my timeline, no login required. This is so frustrating that it makes me want to not use the app.",126 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
6,Alex Acidity,"February 20, 2023","I was trying to make a new account and when it sent the verification code it showed up in my spam folder so I had it resend the email twice, and now it won't let me register at all! It says the email isn't available to register. I've tried restarting my phone, force stopping the app, and uninstalling and reinstalling again and it just won't work.",66 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
7,Emma Craciun,"January 24, 2023","The changes made to this app over the last week are incredibly annoying and unnecessary and a waste of everyone's time to have coded and implemented. The constant switching of positions of the reply/like/retweet buttons is confusing and not something that needed any change whatsoever. None of that would have had to change if you didn't put in the views thing. Also the ""for you"" page being automatically set when I open the app is infuriating.","5,872 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
8,Steve DeBellis,"February 12, 2023","App and platform are circling the drain. Timeline doesn't automatically refresh any longer, a major PITA. Most recent timeline changes make no sense and there is zero communication from Twitter on when or why these changes are occurring. Constantly being served the same irrelevant ads and trends even after hitting the 'not interested' button. A tremendous shame what has happened.",191 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
9,Adam Ben Amor,"February 5, 2023","We all know the bird app, but... 1. It could be more helpful to open the menu by swiping to the right. 2. When I open an image/video and drop a like, it is going to be canceled (I don't know why) 3. The Blue Tweeted Icon on the top, it's annoying. I can't remove it unless I click it. You can merge it with the Twitter Icon on the top. They have the same result. Please fix it, and thanks 💙",599 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
10,Carissa Koh,"February 15, 2023","really annoyed because twitter keeps removing my likes (i need to like something several times in order for it to show up in my likes section). there's also an issue where videos don't load properly and are stuck on certain frames while the audio plays as usual. and my for you page refreshing on its own is a nuisance too because tweets i'm currently reading can go missing all of a sudden, then i can't find them anymore.",160 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
11,Ela,"February 3, 2023",Is very buggy to use as well as inconsistent with notifications. posting an image will often result in a layer being added to the bottom of the image cause a very akward appearance. Reports no longer yield any results if ever even getting a response. Basic features such as the dm button continue to disappear or be locked behind paywall subscriptions.,401 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
12,A Google user,"February 1, 2023","The app has been constantly crushing since last year. While reading an interesting tweet, the app will just crash, and after that I can't find the tweet I was reading, unless it was on my home feed. I thought my phone was the problem, but I've realised other people have the same problem as well. You have also managed to mess things up by adding the useless ""For you"" tab. The ""Lists"" functionality is what people use when they have specific accounts they want to view without following them.","1,140 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
13,Bj bret phinnieus “The dragon” G jay jarvis,"February 2, 2023","Its Twitter. Some of it is kewl some of it is faked, just like people and life. I loke the spaces app and the fact you dont have to be on a live video. As where i dont mind from time to time i dont like being on video all the time. Its much easier for me to maintain audio because video always seems narcissistic and assuming. Audio seems more manageable and tailored for people involved in life instead of a camera. I think there needs to be more writing space specifically for personal use.",529 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
14,Riley smith,"February 20, 2023","Both pc and app are buggy. I can't post any videos on pc anymore and it hasn't fixed. A 19 second long video stops rendering at exactly 99% and doesn't post! Oh, so why don't you post it through mobile instead of pc. Thats a fantastic question! It's too bad that whenever I log in to my new account on mobile, it SIGNS ME IN, and then goes back to my first account and doesn't even REGISTER as an option of accounts to select. Please fix this. Twitter used to be way less buggy than this.",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
15,Blanca Terrer Clavijo,"January 26, 2023","There's something weird happening to the app lately, as I find it crashing constantly and I can't watch videos because they literally crash as well and don't reproduce properly! It kinda does work at the beginning seconds but then it pauses and suddenly it's on second 55 in a 30 second video (just an example). 😂 So yeah the videos crash and break into interrupted frames that aren't even consecutive to the other.","1,051 people found this review helpful",3,twitter
16,Allison Bartels (AP Bartels),"February 17, 2023","Take the ""For You"" ""Following"" tabs AWAY if you're always going to default to ""For You"". Yes, this is still not fixed. Now I get a split screen view with half of both tabs showing. Refreshing the Following tab takes multiple swipe-downs and never defaults to the top. Algorithm based timelines are notoriously full of misinformation, triggering material, and are ultimately harmful. Go back to letting users choose ONE timeline to view all the time.",493 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
17,Furtive Cutless,"January 15, 2023","Bad app getting worse and messing with actually good apps at the same time. For a few days now they've basically shut off access to the service for many 3rd party apps. That wouldn't be a huge deal if the official app didn't suck so hard in the first place. It's cluttered, unintuitive and offers barely any customization at all. What a great decision to make.","1,161 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
18,Damon Duerr,"February 10, 2023","There should be an option to give negative star ratings because, politics aside, ever since Elon bought Twitter and started firing everybody, this app is trash. I'm not even talking about new features, I'm just talking about performance. The feed doesn't auto refresh and manually refreshing works 20% of the time. Watching a video and rotating to landscape mutes the sound and there's no way to unmute it without backing out of the thread. Many other issues. The app is slowly becoming unusable.","1,212 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
19,Daria Chumak,"January 17, 2023",The app is getting worse every day and every day something breaks. My mentions tab is not working properly for a week already only showing me comments which mention me + at least one other person. Today likes count doesnt show up. Cropped pictures feature is TERRIBLE it makes user experience so much more complicated. I don't want to open every picture just to see what's in it. I wish you would stop trying to change the app for no good reason. No need to fix something that isn't (wasn't) broken,"2,589 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
20,Monica Bishop,"January 5, 2023","Constant crashing, I've been using Twitter for a decade but had to basically completely stop now due to it being completely unusable. I can't QRT or reply, I often can't even write a tweet, without the app crashing and closing. Upon reopening, it will crash again. I even went into app settings and force stopped the app, and it looked like it was going to work when really I just got one step closer to replying to a tweet before it crashed. It's not hard to tell the new CEO (cough) doesn't care","4,066 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
21,Annie Seokmin,"January 15, 2023","I used to love Twitter, but I'm having a lot of issues with this app. Almost all videos can not be played, it shows a ""playback error"" everytime I want to watch a video, I uninstalled and installed the app but it is the same, I tried with Twitter lite but I get the same error and I don't like the interface either. I hope you solve this issue, it has been happening for months and God, it literally ruins your experience using the app.","2,215 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
22,Max Vargas,"January 3, 2023","Recently, the app has stopped working for me. After very few minutes of opening it, it slows down tremendously and freezes/crashes shortly after. It also noticeably uses up more memory on my phone than a few months ago, but that could be a byproduct of the crashes. Either way, it has become almost unusable as a social media","1,192 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
23,Sarah Tan,"January 31, 2023","The new update is frustrating. The timeline is divided into 2; for you and following. But still some of the accounts I followed appear on 'for you' timeline, not on 'following' side. Hence I will miss a lot of news and it's tiring to switch tab. Please combine it like the previous timeline as it's easy for me to see the feeds. Also the 'views' is annoying",175 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
24,Jiver Freecloud,"December 11, 2022","When I get a notification of a tweet from someone I am following and click on the icon for the account, it starts with earlier tweets. I reckon it would help if the latest tweets showed first. Or maybe include a feature that allows the latest tweets at the top? If the app, intermittently, won't load up, go to settings and clear the cache for the app. I like the dark mode.","2,604 people found this review helpful",4,twitter
25,chounojou,"January 31, 2023","Navigating the apps is very confusing with the constantly changing UI. Countless time I clicked on views count instead of likes because they change the position of something no one has given a positive feedback on. The For You/Following tab is also frustrating. It kept showing me unnecessary post and promotion. Just let me have the old feeds that shows things I actually want. Also the Topics and Explore page shows absolutely NOTHING. What was the point of these features, then??",288 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
26,Andre Williams,"January 20, 2023","UI nightmare. In recent months, there have been numerous changes to the UI, each one making the app even more confusing to use, and the constant additions (tweet views, home page changes, analytics etc) have become an eyesore. The app is also massively buggy. I will be using the app less as a result.",988 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
27,Chisomo Chiweza,"December 18, 2022","I like that the mobile app's home feed has finite scrolling and so far find the features and performance of the app satisfactory. In terms of ads, after playing around with the privacy features, it probably remains the least spammy of my social media apps - however, I noted that I can't have the same accessibility features (notably the high contrast feature) that is available on the browser version.","2,737 people found this review helpful",4,twitter
28,hello,"January 9, 2023","It has become buggy and unreliable in the last few months, I can't even view my replies anymore, which basically renders this 'social media' useless to me. I updated in the hopes that it would fix the issue but it did not, and now I have an ugly UI and 'views' on tweets... what a useless feature. Stop wasting your time on worthless additions and fix your app - will be using far, far less until then.","1,335 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
29,Leo Taylor-Eshun,"January 18, 2023","More than ok, if you can get over the occasional abusive language from one you may not know but not agree to your views. Its OK, if you follow each or one of the other, at least there is a connection. Its great, however! On the sport platform, instead of coming closer in support of a particular sport/team some individuals have taken the advantage of exhibiting ASB tendencies. Blocking/muting/down voting seem not to be enough as it appears they operate multiple accounts.","1,328 people found this review helpful",5,twitter
30,Sam Boulton,"January 8, 2023","This app has deteriorated in the last few weeks. The video player is buggy. It often stops playing videos, but continues with the audio, before the audio drops out as well, and the video pane just spins. Tried clearing cache and reinstalling but the same issue. Not all the time, but frequently. Scored down.",980 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
31,B. S.,"January 22, 2023","It's so buggy and clunky now. And the recommended posts aren't pertinent to me or my interests anymore, they're totally random. The volume cuts in and out on videos at will. The newly added ""for you"" section is useless and redundant. The news section hardly shows any current news anymore. The app runs like it's in beta. I hate it.",421 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
32,shawn hlebasko,"January 29, 2023","I did not know that an app could get dementia. In addition to the new bugs that popped up, if to tap on a tweet, then hit back from it, it's erased from your feed. Really annoying if you forgot to like or hit back by accident. I see no reason for this, and it's another example of why twitter is slowly circling the drain.",305 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
33,Mute,"February 15, 2023",The consistent stutter while scrolling is still a prevalent issue and has been for months. It's apparently specific to samsung devices. I don't think it's unreasonable to expect an app as popular as Twitter to work well on a capable device made by the most popular Android manufacturer in the world. It's especially annoying because everything else about the Android version of the app is fine.,86 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
34,Nadia Wendt,"January 20, 2023","worse with every update. changing things that don't need to be changed, moving things that don't need to be moved, adding views to tweets in-feed (unnecessary and cluttered) and now the cherry on top: shoving me into the algorithm-based non-chronological feed *every time i open the app* (or the desktop site) instead of letting me stay chronological. almost as bad as instagram. it becomes more irritating to use by the day.",436 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
35,Presley,"January 21, 2023","The recent update is terrible. Why would you move the viewcount of a post to where the like button used to be? So annoying. Also, having 2 separate home pages is nonsensical. It wouldn't be as much of a problem if I didn't have to swap over to the recent posts each time I open the app. Should be a way to only show recent posts instead of some annoying algorithm similar to what Instagram has devolved to. Sad to see so many backward changes instead of improvements.",645 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
36,Billy Boggs-Chavez,"February 3, 2023",I noticed only one person that I saw has mentioned this..but what happened to being able to DM people from their profile?? The UI sucks and is constantly changed as well. You don't get notifications for DMs or replies/like 9 times out of 10. You broke what was completely fine. Great job. I hope a confusing experience is what you were going for because that's what it is now!,156 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
37,Vinnell Moore,"December 28, 2022","The app has been way more unreliable in recent months. Not only is scrolling choppy as mentioned in another review, it can now take multiple attempts for tweets or replies to post. Many of my fellow followers mentioned having this issue without me realizing that I had also fallen victim to it. It's not frustrating to the point of wanting to delete my account, but it has interfered with performance that was once of a much higher quality.",840 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
38,Ash Cruz,"February 19, 2023",Used to be my favorite socal media but over the past three months the platform just keeps getting worse and worse. Every update keeps randomly moving UI elements around and the app will be unstable for several days after these updates. Also I absolutely hate how they have started removing features only to sell them back to users. I understand giving more stuff to people who subscribe to Twitter blue but taking away stuff from people who don't subscribe is kinda messed up.,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
39,Saaliha Saalih,"February 11, 2023","There's no message feature, even if the person did not lock his/her dm. And even if you were both following eachother. Thus, its impossible to connect over dm. Please fix this. After the update, the feature is back and functional. Thank you",19 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
40,Henry White,"February 2, 2023",I've just read that some people on Android have lost the ability to dm via the mobile app. I too have lost this ability (sort of relieved to read there is a known issue). It coincides with the update of the app. This is highly annoying and frustrating! Are the any plans to sort it out?,33 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
41,Dal Nim,"February 8, 2023","The application and the recent update are very bad. I cannot send private messages, and I cannot copy the video link and tweet it in my account. it becomes very annoying. If it continues like this, I think I will log out and delete the application",28 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
42,Dimitrios Chalias,"February 18, 2023",Changing my review to 1 star. It's one thing to add features behind a paywall but a SECURITY feature like 2-factor authentication being moved to subscribers only is ridiculous. I don't care about the rest because I only browse most times anyway but of course I don't think I have to explain why account security is important. I skipped for now but the moment it forces me to turn off my account's 2-factor authentication (like it said it will eventually) I'm out. Thanks Elon!,15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
43,K. Eck,"February 11, 2023","Tweet replies aren't loaded properly. For example: Tweet shows 67 replies. When I click on it, it shows only one. This can't be due to blocking or anything else in that amount. Also, ads aren't muted as default setting. Please fix it.",57 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
44,Qiana Dietz,"February 18, 2023","Two-factor authentication isn't available unless you pay for it, so you can't even have a secure account without a subscription. App is very glitchy, won't refresh or display feeds correctly, basic features only work half the time.",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
45,Samantha Oren,"February 18, 2023","UNSAFE FOR YOUR DATA! As of 02/18/2022 Twitter rolled out a new set of guidelines that requires users to pay the subscription in order to use two step verification, meaning that every-day users have to pay a subscription in order to keep their accounts and data safe on the basic level. Even YouTube or Facebook doesn't make you pay for something like that - it's standardized and FREE across nearly every other social media app!",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
46,Kali Lawrence,"February 2, 2023","The first time I click on a notification from my galaxy android notification list to open the app, I get a ""cannot retrieve tweets at this time"" in the twitter app. It's only the first attempt from my notifications but I consistently get the error message. Android 12. My app is up to date through the play store.",24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
47,Akira Kurusu,"February 12, 2023","The system UI used to be fine but with all the updates it has just been ruined, becoming worse by the day; It won't even let you like a post if you are veiwing it you have to first leave the post then like it, it's absurd. I can't even watch a video because the frames just throughout the video, but the audio remains constant. I don't understand how these are even issues, you would think they would beta test it first but nope I guess we don't deserve that.",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
48,Shadonic,"February 18, 2023","Bookmarks are not being saved for some unknown reason. I've bookmarked 10+ tweets from artists and they don't show up in my bookmarks, but still show up in my likes and on the artist's page just fine. Basic feature of the app doesn't work and there's no way in-app to contact anybody at Twitter about the issue",838 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
49,K Rae,"February 19, 2023","Chronological timeline crashes, always defaulting to 'For you' and forgetting last timeline position. Pointless additions like 'Tweet view count'. General bugs including; timeline crashing, 'Pull to refresh' not always working, temporary loss of all following/followers, occasionally unable to Tweet or reply to Tweets, search feature generally useless, etc etc. This app is dying and putting me off Twitter altogether, and they've blocked (now more stable and better) third party apps.",195 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
50,Danny Boyy,"February 13, 2023",The latest Update has completely ruined the user experience. Not to mention that the Update was forced by the older version simply being forced to stop working by the devs. Content is suddenly irrelevant and limited and right wing viewpoints are being pushed heavily on the feed (despite me never engaging with any of that content EVER). Clearly the 'Elon Effect' is in full force. And its awful.,19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
51,Rina Anggraeni,"February 4, 2023","Been a while since I used Twitter, and a few days ago I started opening it again. It seems there's an improvement here and there, but videos... If my internet is slow, I'd rather get continuous loading symbol than having sped up moving pictures with normal speed sounds, because the videos stay that way even after my internet is back to normal",125 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
52,Tampa Taurus,"February 9, 2023",After further review! Over the past several months the quality of people has gotten better but I still am unsure of the reasoning behind the app. Minor issues since the acquisition by Elon. Not a fan of him but with all the distractions the program is holding up. Solid past programmers did their due diligence in the creation of this app. Looking forward to see what new achievements will be coming this year.,31 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
53,Eric Wes,"February 6, 2023","It's a bit overwhelming how many tweets there are. Overall the app is good, not very intuitive, but good. I never seem to touch the right area to see comments on tweets. Eventually I tap the right spot.",19 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
54,Jairaj (JJ),"February 4, 2023","The latest update logged me out automatically. I am being asked to sign in again even if I didn't manually signed out of accounts. Edit: in the latest update, the above issue is solved plus a deep link issue also seems to have been resolved. Deep links are working fine now and correctly open the Twitter app instead of opening links in the browser.",52 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
55,Hawa Nur Faiza,"February 9, 2023","With the new update, it takes multiple tries to refresh the timeline, the for you part keeps showing the tweets I've already seen many times but it will also refresh randomly. Video keeps playing even when I have scrolled away, sometimes when it's in different tab. Please improve.",26 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
56,Arriean Vasquez,"February 7, 2023","If I could rate it a zero, I would. Videos and images don't load, even the icons. Just fascinating. At first I thought it was my internet but other apps worked fine and smoothly, it's only twitter. Tried uninstalling it and every other method but still nothing.",16 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
57,Ben Frizzell,"February 6, 2023",This latest version of Twitter is terrible. They can't be anyone who enjoys this new layout. The timelines are unorganized and separated between two arbitrary categories. Take it back to organizing by most recent and get rid of this extra garage.,18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
58,Sarah W. (Rainbow Cloud),"February 13, 2023","Not 5 stars yet, but it's improved DRASTICALLY. I stopped using years ago as the second I would try to read something off-mainstream, the articles were many times removed before I could read or share them. There are still a lot of censorship bots removing random things that have absolutely no political or social association and are just literal words used in other contexts, but that is happening on other platforms as well. Looking forward to verified becoming available on android though.",11 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
59,Vee,"February 13, 2023","I'm incredibly disappointed by how this app is currently being run. The new changes are unnecessary and greedy. It's losing all of the aspects that once made it enjoyable and easy to interact with other users. Reporting an account for being hateful and aggressive will not work, I have not received updates accounts I reported months ago and the app crashes constantly. I will not be paying for Twitter blue and I'm certain I will be uninstalling the app in the very near future.",16 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
60,Rashid Raja,"February 13, 2023","Used to be a decent app, but with the 'latest tweets' option gone, it's a bit boring. New tweets aren't shown as often as they used to be, and seeing far too much of the same material over and over again. Please return the latest tweets option.",10 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
61,Andrew Nestor,"February 19, 2023","This app has gone totally down hill the last few months. Barely functions anymore and the integration of Twitter Blue has been a nightmare. I also hate the ""For You"" page, I only want to see what I'm following. The new changes to the trending tab have been absolutely awful as well",37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
62,David Oriji,"February 19, 2023","This app has been so trashy in the last week I got back on it, it's unbelievable. If I use the ""Not interested in this tweet"" or ""Block user"" up to 5 times, they lock my account for no reason, and I have to keep re-doing the authentication test over and over and over and over, because that's broken as well. I also couldn't use my number to register, for some reason best known to them. I will advise never add your number to your account, cos then they can probably block you off better.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
63,Kirk,"December 26, 2022","Interesting, entertaining I haven't been on Twitter for very long to capture all it's amenities. There are items I didn't intend to access, but it is 2023 and a completely different world then 40 years ago. There are many fields of science and cell phones can become a excellent instrument to access these fields to get a better understanding of what you are looking for such as Botany, zoology. Example when at a Zoo and a person wants more information while observing a certain animal.",839 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
64,069-Faisal ahmed,"February 18, 2023","Yeah, this is good one apps from play store. It can be the way which is getting chance to engage with familiar people in all over the world. Besides, people can read various or recent online news if he follows the trend. So, i think, it is necessary for the people in this modern IT era.",5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
65,Cladio Juliano,"December 28, 2022","Bug with galaxy devices when selecting text. It's blanking out and showing a non transparent white over all the text so you can't see what's selected. My friends, please make a proper tablet app for Android. Now that Android has such an awesome device like the tab ultra I think it would be a much better look for you guys to consider this. The app opens up with no scaling at all and just looks like a jumbo sized phone app. It's time to do the right thing for Android tablets.",207 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
66,Lamb Of Demyelination,"February 5, 2023","How do you make something this bad? - Since forever now, liking a video while it's playing just cuts out the audio. I don't know how on earth you manage to make it do something so wrong. - Liking a tweet while clicked on the attached piece of media immediately unlikes the tweet again. It just won't register the like in that view. - Random pop-in and pop-out of tweets that i was right in the middle of reading. Suddenly they disappear and are replaced by another. They still exist, just shuffled",46 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
67,Hayfa Alyssa,"February 2, 2023","this app just keep getting worse and worse. (1) UI constantly changing making it hard for you to navigate + you end up tapping the wrong thing everytime. (2) mentions tab is broken and instead of fixing that, they add a ""For You"" page. only about time until this app truly burn to the ground.",31 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
68,Julia Key,"February 13, 2023","finally updated after months of avoiding the changes to the design - I didn't have much choice as the app was becoming unusable - and it's just as cluttered and overstimulating as I feared. there's no reason for view counts to show under every tweet in the timeline, especially when there's evidence the numbers are bogus anyway.",23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
69,after 15 seconds,"February 7, 2023","Twitter used to be functional (most of the time) but in the last few months, things are slowly breaking down. I can't watch a video without it pausing, buffering, or losing audio as i watch. I have to click the like button multiple times for it to like a post. You cant dm people directly from their profiles anymore. My tl is a mess, its not in chronicle order. I keep missing out on my favourite artists' posts, the entire reason im on twt. This website will b losing a lot of ppl if this continues",36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
70,Muruyama Yukari.,"February 8, 2023",The new app layout is not good at all it is highly confusing and i wish i never even updated in the first place. I updated because i thought it would fix the twitter errors i had but now i have a horrible layout and constant errors making everything 10 times worce. They should make people able to choose layout instead of forcing them to use one they do not like.,19 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
71,Leigh Sharp,"February 17, 2023","I've had enough of this platform anyway, so I figured I'd update the app finally, since there were no stakes. My expectations were correct - this app is an absolute dumpster fire. So glad I never updated when I cared about Twitter. Oh, I laughed when I checked my settings - Twitter has pestered me for years to turn notifications on, which I've refused. I looked and sure enough, all my old preferences are still the same... But they've turned on my notifications without a word. Just dirtbags.",292 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
72,Eris Burns,"February 15, 2023","I've had this app for years, but with all the horrible changes that have been made lately, I was forced to turn off auto updates... until today auto updates turned itself back on, making the app almost completly unusable. This has been my favorite social media app for years, but now it's an awful experience",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
73,Sergio Juri,"February 16, 2023","The new Twitter has become much better in quality of design, speed and relevance of content. The speed of development has been amazing, and in spite the growing pains it has been completely worthy. There's more progress in a few months than it has been in years. Kudos to the team.",17 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
74,A Jung,"February 1, 2023","What's with Twitter app?? Videos lag, pictures take a long time to load, response time also suck when I choose an action for it to do (sharing twt, clicking on a twt, etc), no notif unless I open the app itself (yes I've already checked my app and phone settings). Started to observe these latter part of 2022. It's not my ISP, my Tiktok works fine. Tried also to delete cache and data app but issue persists. And then they give updates that are not really needed by most users. Smh",33 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
75,Michael Wasson,"February 7, 2023","I use it to look at artwork and comics and I love the stuff people make and stuff! Most of my commissions come from here...I avoid the drama this app is notorious for, and the resent updates have been really buggy and useless, mostly the ""not interested in this tweet"" option keeps disappearing and it's getting really really annoying to not be able to get rid of tweets in not interested in =\",27 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
76,Matthew,"February 2, 2023","Absolutely horrid in more ways than I can describe! App doesn't remember where you left off reading, can't rearrange the tab order, and can't hide the forced algorithmic ""for you"" timeline. Honestly thinking of just deleting my account at this point since I rarely use twitter anymore. BRING BACK 3RD PARTY APPS ELON!!",29 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
77,Tom Morris,"February 15, 2023","Horribly buggy. Videos mute when you tilt the screen, says it's playing an ad when it's actually playing the vid. Can't see a quick way to get back to the home feed when you've had a few tweets open either. Generally an awful experience.",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
78,Samuel Regan,"February 16, 2023","App is fine but messages never seem to work. Instead of sending thumbnail preview with link in message it just sends link, then when recipient clicks on link it just brings them to the for you page and not to whatever the link was. App would be 5 star if messages got an overhaul",13 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
79,Jay Rish Buce,"February 3, 2023","Something wrong whenever i play videos it somehow jump to finish but still koving and it stuck in the last picture as if its lagging or glitching or somethin. Then it will stop for a long time beforr it comeback, its hard to watch the video now, please help me to fix this. Now even i uninstall and install the app it still the same, it really bother me since i can't watch some video without getting annoyed because of this problem.",21 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
80,11 YSK,"February 8, 2023","I like this app. Connecting with people is very easy and I like the features. You acn also connect wit some famous personalities easily! But the thing is, they should fix the bugs of notification problems. Else, everything is good.",17 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
81,Zach Whaley,"February 1, 2023",I absolutely hate the for you list and the fact that it's the default and I can't change it is infuriating. I use Twitter mainly to consume sports highlights real time and to have to go look for current posts when all I follow are sports accounts makes me want to quit the app altogether. I'd go lower if I could,24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
82,Miranda Oehler,"February 15, 2023","Wow, this app is so bad now! It won't let me log out of the account it auto-logged into (which is my husband's, not mine, this isn't even his phone and I told it not to log into it), and won't send me any confirmation code when I try to log in on mine. Who knows what other horrors await me when I'm eventually able to actually use the app (although I'll probably just delete it and try on desktop, I only wanted to check one thing)",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
83,Scott Williams,"February 8, 2023","The For You tab is annoying on the main page, the Following tab doesn't show all your followers tweets. There's no option if you want to have the Following tab shown first when opening the app. There's no option to show latest tweets first. This app is boring and annoying to use.",17 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
84,Roalt Aalmoes,"February 15, 2023","Horrible app experience. Since twitter blocked 3rd party apps, I've bern forced to use this one. Too many ads and no way in the Netherlands to have subscription to remove them. Default timeline feed cannot be set. Font size not configurable, I liked twitter but since Musk took over I'm on mastodon.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
85,Fredd Grace,"February 18, 2023","Thanks for making the SMS 2FA exclusive for twitter blue subcribers. Hmm what else? You're giving users to follow certain topics, but guess what? It doesn't show all of them, it only shows 4 or 5 at max, sometimes it recommend me for something i already set to hide. And the bookmarks?! It is awful!! I've bookmarked lots of tweets, just like the topics it doesn't show all of them. The worst thing is after you scroll down really far down and view the bookmarked tweets, the thing decided to refresh",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
86,yamini pandey,"February 17, 2023",Not opening on 5G network... At the same time opening when connected to wifi .... ever since I got connectivity with 5G... This app sucks.. app is not opening.. i tried every thing.. restart the phone.. uninstall the app and login again.. but nothing happens.. as soon as i connect the phone with wifi .. it start working normally... Kindly do something....,9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
87,Kenyon Jackson,"February 8, 2023","When it comes to Android users. It seems we always get the short end of the stick somewhere. First it was the translate option gone now it's the fact that whenever you scroll through a account and click on a tweet, when you go back it redirects you to the very top of the page. Edit (12/11/22): Ever since the human equivalent of getting embalmed took over, notifications for quote tweets have become nonexistent and it's becoming an issue. (2/8/23): The human boil on the tail of life strikes again","2,828 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
88,James Humbert,"February 11, 2023",The Twitter 2.0 isn't. I downloaded the app based on promises that were void of sincerety. The basically harasses and annoys and generally sucks. Nothing has changed for a lot of people. The claim that anything as long as it's legal is false. Any facilities to appeal or communicate end in empty pages. The promise to release information regarding why accounts were deleted in the first place has never been fulfilled. Giving back deleted accounts doesn't happen. I'm done.,13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
89,Acejinjo,"February 3, 2023","Twitter tends to force you to look at your Timeline with ""recommend"" instead of lasted what is happening right now. But now replace with ""For You"" which NOW includes words you blacklisted making it pointless. Sure you can switch back to ""Following"" aka YOUR REAL TIMELINE FEED but it's annoying to keep switching back to it when you boot up the app. You're better off using this as notfactions and just use your PC instead. As this app will make you toxic.",14 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
90,Mathew Long (Masada),"February 7, 2023","Elon has made it better by a lot. But there's still a lot more to do. I don't like that I can't edit a tweet. Please allow editing for the first 5 to 10 minutes of a tweet being posted, so typos can be corrected. The ""for you"" section isn't bad, but sometimes seems farfetched what I see. It's not as bad as pundits have claimed it is, though. If they can get the video portion figured out, something to compete against YouTube's monopoly, I'd spend more time here than YT.",10 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
91,Chris Greatbatch,"February 8, 2023","Very unhappy. Twitter is telling me I have used my daily allowance of sending tweets (which, according the support centre is over 2,000 a day!). I have not even sent 30 to 40. I really needed twitter today for creative reasons and right when I needed it, it stops me from using it. Absolutely fuming! I now cannot tweet from any of my accounts, most of which I haven't used in ages. Ridiculous.",13 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
92,M Fadhil,"February 18, 2023","Too many repetitive tweet. 70% of time scrolling the same tweet. Can no longer swipe left/right to see the next picture. Not responsive like button. Need to exit the picture view, and need to view the original tweet to like a post.",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
93,Linda Wood,"December 17, 2022","I like twitter and I use it often but there are glaring problems becoming more and more prominent. The feed will refresh when I am in the middle of reading a post. Lately, more bots have begun following me. The app has begun to suggest topics I haven't shown interest in. The worst problem for me right now is the direct messages. My messages go in and out of visibility. Currently, I can't see anything I or my friends have sent. Closing and reopening the app does nothing.",793 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
94,Caed McG,"February 4, 2023",This app keep getting worse. Posts I've seen keep looping back into my feed over and over again. New content is buried in the mess. My favorite creators are flocking to other services. Hard to find any reason to use this app.,9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
95,QUADE PRESCOTT,"February 5, 2023","All has been going good with the app with exception of the following issue: when sharing a webpage the message 'sending tweet' remains in the android notification drop-down. Most of the time the tweet fails to send and multiple clicks of the retry button are required. Other times the tweet did successfully post to Twitter, but the sending tweet message remains in android notifications. This issue has been present for the past few updates. 📌Internet connection is stable each time it occurs.📌",39 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
96,fortified pipe,"February 19, 2023","Very good, but can be better: 1. When you click on a reply or comment it should show also what it is a comment to. 2 Often it will show a notification for a reply and then show it again after you've already read it. This is a minor annoyance, but the first one needs fixing. Enjoyable app imo",6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
97,Michael O'Connell,"February 4, 2023","The Dm function or envelope icon no longer appears on any account I follow or don't follow which is frustrating. Problem still not fixed and no matter if I uninstall and reinstall the app, this doesn't resolve the issue. Also when I like some posts it keeps glitching out and removing the likes which is annoying.",17 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
98,Matt Man,"January 14, 2023","Great App. Well... it was great, now it crashes all the time on my Android Galaxy Tab A. It was working great until 7 or 8 days ago. Installed Update - Same thing. It crashes when entering a tweet and I switch away to another applet or to attach a Video / Graphic. My tablet still has the same Ram Free, but the Twitter App keeps crashing. So much that my Android OS was complaining about it crashing some 80 times in under a week. It's weird. Ran Virus Check, System Check - Reports good.",146 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
99,Cynthia.E,"January 28, 2023","What is happening after this update? It keeping showing numbers of notifications when there's actually nothing. It's annoying. Also, what's with the repositioning of the layouts? It's so confusing. the view stuff. Remove it. It's annoying. Please fix these issues.",134 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
100,Hal Galbreath,"January 20, 2023","Trying again to be Facebook, and failing miserably at it. Forcing non-chronological feed order on users (I prefer the chronogical format) with no means of turning off the spammy, Facebook copycat random order garbage (They used to have a button at the top to switch between latest, and the other format). Changes didn't come with an app update, they randomly showed up during regular use.",149 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
101,Karthik s,"December 20, 2022","Loving it. At times the feeds I see disappear only to reappear after a few minutes. Also, if I get a Twitter notification and if I view the notification, I cannot continue browsing on the app after viewing the tweet. Once I hit the back button, the app minimizes instead of taking me to the home page of my feed. Hope Twitter will fix it soon!",749 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
102,J N,"December 18, 2022","Recent updates to the app have made it impossible to use. The timeline doesn't work properly, you get constantly spammed with push notifications (even if they are turned off or are from blocked accounts), many people randomly being unable to access their account, lowered account security, and more.",705 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
103,AC,"January 10, 2023","Ever since the new year, it's been extremely unstable and unreliable. It constantly says ""cannot load Tweets at this time"" and or it just doesn't show any Tweets at all. It's very buggy when it does work, constantly resetting the timeline, etc. Worst of all, about 1 out of every 5 Tweets you try and send FAIL. I constantly get a ""Failed to send Tweet"" message. It's very disappointing to see what Twitter has become. This app used to work really well, now it's garbage.",176 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
104,Pradeep Kumar,"February 3, 2023","Very poor & worst performer, below the even average rating Not getting desire srrvice looking for, notifications coming too late & too few. Inspite of update, it refuses to fall in line. Not sure how to make it workable.",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
105,Alex Belden,"February 8, 2023",Stuck in a terrible log in loop I can't get out of. Everytime I enter my account info and password it starts to load as though it's about to log me in then it returns me to the log in page and prompts me to log in with a Google account. My Twitter account isn't associated with my Google account though so that obviously won't work. When I close out of that it gives me the option to enter my details manually again and the loop continues. Uninstalling and clearing cache doesn't work.,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
106,Icky Inkwell,"January 30, 2023","App always had problems. Unloading pages without asking, changing my feed back to a curated feed rather than a latest feed without asking, bots, etc. But within the last few weeks changes have been made over and over again that make the app frankly impossible to use. After two years of service, congrats Twitter. I'm finally looking into alternatives.",121 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
107,Rombout Versluijs,"December 27, 2022","Excellent app! Some small perks. Not sure why but since last update videos stop when going into Fullscreen. When I delete cache it works again for 1-3 times and then stop again. One major issue I'm seeing for couple months now. When i go into landscape mode watching a video, the audio cuts out?!",101 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
108,Judith Ogbonnia,"February 8, 2023","I just updated the app and lost all my DMs...it keeps saying ""messages can not be retrieved at the moment."" It's frustrating, especially since i updated the app because my messages couldn't send.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
109,Gavin Allen-Dunn,"February 2, 2023",Video player on Android is genuinely unusable. Notifications are almost entirely broken. App crashes if you so much as look at something too hard. API restrictions taking away even more fun content. Elon took a flawed yet fun product and made it completely useless bloatware trash,58 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
110,hothead 666,"February 4, 2023",Idk if this is just a mistake I made in settings but when I go on my home page I have to click on any tweets to see pictures the hole reason I liked Twitter was because I could scroll through it but now I can't and have to click on everything and I hate it. Like all other social media apps you can just scroll but now on trwitter you have to click on them to see the pictures. Pls tell me there is a way to fix this in setting because if not I'm going to delete it!,11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
111,Jordon,"February 12, 2023","I finally updated the app because the ""recent tweets"" outright wasnt working anymore and what Im met with is ""for you"" and ""following"" tabs. Which are literally just your previous ""home"" and ""new tweets"". Why do you keep attempting to update this app to make lateral moves, at best, or otherwise make considerably worse changes? Edit: the ""for you"" tab is literal trash and needs an option to hide it. I dont care if someone I follow likes a tweet, comments on a tweet or whatever. Get rid of it.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
112,Thomas Fowler,"February 18, 2023","The app is just getting worse. This isn't some political statement, but they're actively removing features and making them subscriber only, including fundamental security features such as two-factor authentication by text and screwing up verified ticks for accounts. Getting very unhappy with the direction of the app.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
113,paolofarley,"February 1, 2023",I can't send DMs now. The Envelope icon disappeared with last update. Need to use browser version to be able to DM... WHICH MAKES THE APP kind of useless as a standalone since the browser does everything now. Using a Samsung S22 Ultra.,11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
114,Michael Schuhler,"December 29, 2022","I cannot explain how actually unusable this app has become. For the many years I used Twitter, it was a completely well working app, no issues. This is not the case anymore. The entire app freezes and crashes any time I try to reply to anything, or change a location, or change profiles, or basically anything that isn't just scrolling down. If there is any proof that firing 75% of your staff was a stupid idea, here it is.",681 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
115,Greg Moriarty,"February 14, 2023","It was never a perfect social media app by any means, but it's completely lost any hope it had. It's nothing but a voice box for racism and bigotry now with some occasional conspiracy theories to keep the masses entertained.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
116,averill,"January 27, 2023","twitter has always been terrible. the app has always been mediocre at best. but lately, it keeps getting worse and worse. i dont think anyone is actually making design decisions over there, theyre just randomly generating them. the 'for you' tab is an excellent example: the app defaults to it on startup, the tabs are always visible, and it makes the problem of ""tweets disappearing as you read them"" so much worse. clearly no one actually tested it. performance is also degrading in general.",105 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
117,Paul Howard,"February 4, 2023","Can't get it to work. Latest android, all updates current, removed the app, cleaned device etc. Get the dreaded 'Something isn't right. Try your request again later' when trying to logon. Followed all the help guidelines but app still refuses to let me logon. 2/3/23 gave the app more permissions than a gynaecologist and it still doesn't work 😟... 2/4/23 got it working thanks to an amazing youtuber from India 👏 - simply changed from wifi to mobile data... BUT it only let's me use 2 accounts!",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
118,Clawz King,"February 18, 2023","Rapidly declining and unsafe This all quickly has gone downhill. The most recent issue being that they have made simple services like text two factor authentication a paid privilege. Paying to have a safe account seems dishonest. Additionally, the app seems to show the same posts over and over again rather than showing you content from all the people you follow. If I only wanted to see the same 5 posts over and over again in my feed i would make a Tumblr account.",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
119,Grant Gary,"February 18, 2023","The only thing this app had going for it, for years, was the structure. After some Dutch apartheid baby took over, it doesn't even have that, so the only thing keeping this site afloat is no one wants to leave, but ever decision made over the past month is making that a very real possibility for everyone",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
120,Kat K,"February 15, 2023","My Twitter accounts have been breached. Twitter did not notify me... found out via Mcafee. Can not change passwords or close accounts as hackers changed my account info and I can no longer get into my accounts. As a result of these breaches, I'm getting phishing emails purporting to be from Twitter but not, phone calls from foreign countries, etc. No way to contact Twitter to resolve!! BEWARE...your account info NOT safe from data breaches!! Wondering if class action lawsuit is warranted.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
121,nickel,"February 7, 2023","Pictures and AVI won't load. It takes a minute to reload my feed. Thought it might be a connectivity issue but it's not like this with other apps. In short, Twitter sucks now.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
122,Alax Olelubis,"February 15, 2023",Updates are terrible. The feed doesn't give me the information I want and takes up to 30mins to refresh. Videos seem to be broken quite often. And currated 'For You' page updates automatically and moves my feed around even when not desired,7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
123,Didit Agus Setyawan,"February 8, 2023","Nightmare. UI constantly changing for nothing good. An app with superb ability to make user confused every week. I was in love with this app long ago, but everything changed after the fire nation attacked.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
124,chosenlight salvacion,"February 9, 2023",I can't properly use twitter this past 3 days even though my internet speed is fast. I also check it everytime this happens just to make sure and it is really just the app. I try to update it as well but still no luck. It just keeps loading and loading and loading and loading..,9 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
125,Jessica Wadsworth,"February 12, 2023","Login is not possible. After changing my password successfully, I logged in with my new credentials, then it requested my phone number and after that, it takes me back to the login screen without showing an error message of any kind. I've done the step several times thinking the phone required the country code. Also tried social login, but nothing seems to work.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
126,Angel,"January 10, 2023","Needs serious management changes. Popping out too many new ""features"" that worsen user experience instead of fixing bugs and addressing complaints. This social media feels like it's being run by a child. Edit: My page will not load images or other media, my app crashes often. Feels like the longer I use it the more it crumbles in my hand.",627 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
127,Mike X,"February 8, 2023","Spaces features on Android don't all appear when trying to use sticker/emojis. Today my Twitter isn't allowing me to Tweet anymore - apparently I ""reached my tweet limit"" An update is required. What did that even mean??? There are no app updates either. FIX THIS! App is literally useless right now. Running latest Android update for S10.",69 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
128,CJ Allman,"December 29, 2022","I really don't like the way it's set up. I prefer using the site but I keep being logged out and made to sit through constant buffering if I want to log back in, the app version gives me sensory overload (I have autism) and it's just really uncomfortable to use, if there's an option to make the UI more like it is on the browser version please add that because this set up is god awful",101 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
129,Briellestar (Brielle),"February 13, 2023","Stopped using it immediately after I updated and discovered there's no longer an option to show tweets chronologically instead of ""best"" tweets first. I stopped using Instagram for the same reason, sucks to see another app taking the same horrible direction.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
130,S. E. Kearn,"February 16, 2023","Seeing Promoted Tweets aka ads when I'm reading the replies on a tweet is not cool. Also the newest update made the app very ugly IMHO. I do not like the For You and Following tabs at the top. I wish I could get rid of the For You one; I don't use it. Having the Views statistics alongside the reply, retweet, and like buttons looks SO BAD. Timeline sometimes won't update. Overall, the quality of this app has gone WAY down hill ever since Musk bought it. Smdh.",15 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
131,kaleb lewis,"February 18, 2023","The last 3 months have been hell. The UI Is trash now, ""views"" is useless information that is completely inaccurate, starting page is ""for you"", checkmarks are meaningless, notifications are broken, and so much more. All of this and the knowledge we will never get voice tweets on Android. Elon really spent $44 billion dollars on fire.",16 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
132,Christian Riedel,"February 17, 2023",It used to be possible to make your account verified for free like instagram does it. But now you have to pay for someth8ng that other people dont have to. please either make people who already have their verified tick pay for it too or free for all like it used to be. I'm a movie director in his first project and it bothers me not to be able to verify the account.also you will not be able to decide who to follow since you can no longer distinguish fan account from real account.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
133,A Google user,"December 25, 2022","After the latest update the app is unusable! It loses connection to the server and you are stuck with a white page. The ""back"" button makes the app freeze until it shuts down or you have to force close it! Deleting cache doesn't do anything and you have to wait upto 30 minutes so the app goes back to normal.... Than 10 minutes later and it loses connection again. Twitter devs are the worse, I've never seen such a bad app from a major social media company! You suck Elon Musk!",270 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
134,Joshua England,"February 13, 2023","The app is worse than ever. I used to be able to click the Following tab to jump to the most recent tweet, but they removed that functionality. Now I have to scroll for minutes to get to the most recent post.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
135,David Boyd,"January 17, 2023","Utter garbage, algorithms were the worst thing to happen to social media. The Home view just gives me near endless ""you might like"" and ""so and so follows"" so I rarely see the odd tweet from someone I do follow. The chronological view can't cope with me not checking it every 5 minutes and just load everything I haven't read above where I am in the timeline so I can read it later. Hateful app.",152 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
136,AAron White,"February 9, 2023","Twitter used to be one of my favorite social media apps until about 2Weeks ago something happened and now i cant watch videos on twitter without it freezing and resuming near the end and also when i click the follow button to follow someone on twitter, it says ""Limit reached, You are unable to follow more people at this time. Also, when i click on a tweet to view it and give it a like, it will unlike it without me even touching the screen.",7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
137,Jayvy Corpuz,"February 15, 2023","Updated review: The bugs on Android are still not yet fixed. The notification dot bug, the vanishing like bug, the vanishing tweet bug, and the header bug. Not to mention the oldest bug like the thread bug, and the scrolling old tweets bug. The developers haven't done anything to change these. But I know Elon Musk will listen to his users. Still 1 star though.",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
138,Spaethon,"December 18, 2022","Keeps freezing, ""wait or close the app."" Twitter has been running perfectly fine until about a week ago. Since then, it's been randomly freezing up, that window saying ""wait or close app"" appearing frequently. I'm attempting to uninstall and reinstall, hopefully that will help. Maybe I have an outdated version of Twitter on my phone.",148 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
139,Sylar Riegel,"February 7, 2023","Recently, the app has become super buggy. Posting an image gets an imediate crash, and you can't reopen the app. Have tried clearing cache, but it doesn't help.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
140,Neki Nilla,"February 7, 2023","It just keeps getting worse. I just want to see my friends tweets without them being ""filtered for quality"" but I know for a fact I'm not seeing their tweets anymore. And the for you tab I never asked for is trash. I used to keep my twitter on most recent because I don't care what people like and comment on. Now I can't have that. Also, no one asked for view counts. You could access those on your tweets anyway. Twitter is a dumpster fire and Elon fueled it.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
141,Sharjeel Memon,"February 8, 2023","Pathetic... Can't login due to multiple errors such as, incorrect username, incorrect password, incorrect email, incorrect phone number. How is this possible that suddenly I can remember my name, email, password and phone number at the same time.. There is something seriously wrong with Twitter login page.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
142,Nurul Azira Andy,"January 4, 2023","Not sure if I'm fond of the new view count update for other users' accounts. That might contribute to the ongoing problem of views-chasing in the cyber world. But my main concern is the glitch when I go on the search bar & after clicking back to return to the trends tab, 9/10 of the screen goes blank & only shows my icon. When I click back again, it makes me exit the app entirely which means I need to relaunch the app again if I want it to work properly. Honestly inconvenient & annoying.",73 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
143,J Lavigne,"February 4, 2023","It works well enough, but the updates are getting worse and It's becoming unnecessarily redundant and not as user friendly. More negativity than ever is allowed, not enough humans at Twitter reviewing reports. It's becoming a real poop show. Elon is not a great innovator. Having two places to see the exact same suggested content and it opening on that suggested content to begin with is extremely unnecessary. Nobody likes this",29 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
144,Dave (Raven),"February 8, 2023","Twitter has become useable again since Elon Musk used his dedicated staff to change it, as expected. The app is easy to navigate, the features afforded to blue tick subscribers is a valuable asset. I believe the app can only get better. One would like to thank the Twitter team for working so hard, it is appreciated. Kind regards David.",23 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
145,Aqua Ruby Sky Flower,"February 19, 2023","Congratulations you have officially made me hate your app, allowing only those with ""Twitter blue"" to have 2 factor authentication is infuriating, I have no way to pay for something online, and I specifically had 2 factor authentication on so my account would be less vulnerable to hacking and now I can't even figure out how to delete my account if I wanted, all I see is the ""deactivate account"" option I never used the app much in the first place but now you've made the app worse.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
146,Madonna Hammond,"February 10, 2023","Wish I knew how to go back and corrected a word or statement after it's sent. I left Twitter a long time ago and just came back and, not use to the way it works compared to FB. Still trying to figure it out but, not putting much effort into it at this time! Maybe after I finally move and settled I will have more time!",8 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
147,Justin Packman,"February 2, 2023",At least give the option to hide the suggested tweets and the 'For you' feed. Grim! Have reverted back to an earlier version which doesn't have this forced on you. Such a nicer experience. Now there's a forced Spaces banner. Wrecking Twitter one update at a time.,29 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
148,albino penguin,"February 3, 2023","Twitter over the past 6 months has continuously cut features that made the app both more accessible and overall enjoyable. With trying to shove in different systems from separate social media apps, the Twitter team ignores the userbase in favor of being as profitable as possible while removing features from the userbase, locking them behind paywalls. Absolutely horrendous.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
149,Nwachi Chukwudaru,"February 18, 2023",The twitter space is the worst part of this app. I can listen to what people are saying. Always cutting off the line especially the most interesting part of space. I always have to re-enter the space to get the information i want,17 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
150,Elizabeth Neu,"February 14, 2023","The changes to the app in general have been unappealing to many, and one of them is the fact that they removed the DM button. It's supposed to be more ""user friendly"" but really is much more inconvenient because now you have to go the long way to DM somebody",88 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
151,Trev.P 667,"January 29, 2023","The new layout is awful. You can't choose between ""For You"" and ""Following"" as the default so you have to manually go to ""Following"" every time you open the app. On top of that, the TL takes FOREVER to refresh now. Literally NOBODY asked for the ""For You"" thing so idk why it even exists, and I haven't seen a single positive response to it. Remove it. Also the app is riddled with porn bots I get followed by at least 2 a day. And now it's impossible for me to start new DM conversations.",191 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
152,Rick Brugsma,"January 30, 2023","Desperately trying to avoid / mute all the clickbait, ads and attention-seeking nonsense from large accounts. This seems to be intentionally made harder and harder. A huge part of the content in my feed(s) is not what I opened the app for. Showing this 'For you' tab by default on app launch is the latest disappointment in this category.",21 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
153,Kyle Alan,"January 28, 2023","Latest update is annoying. For one thing, I have no interest in ""For You"" tab. If Twitter really knew what i wanted to see, it would show the latest tweets of my follows automatically in order. Having to switch to Following tab is frustrating. To make things worse, new tweets aren't loading automatically. I have to constantly pull down to refresh them. Home button will show new tweets but nothing appears without pulling down from top to refresh, which then takes a few seconds to get them.",86 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
154,Cathy McNair,"January 25, 2023","App now constantly defaults to For you, and there's no way to set it to Following instead. Have to manually switching to Following (every single time), then wait while it loads that view. Notifications are unreliable. Offensive and dangerous accounts have been reinstated. Replies algorithm is being messed with.",48 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
155,Darnell Koonce,"January 29, 2023","It's been a rough time navigating the app. Separating it into ""Following"" and ""For You"" pages was unnecessary, the constant indecisive layout changes for the view count is frustrating, and the shadow banning from people viewing replies, DM's and standard posts are giving users a hard time to communicate. Please look into this, this has been a stressful experience.",77 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
156,Zm JfxcZatG (ZJim),"January 31, 2023","Terrible app. Use browser instead. Nothing is in, nor ever stays in, chrono order; I follow +1000 peeps, but can rarely find any of their 100s of new tweets (from those I follow) from last 5 hours. Type sizes & buttons constantly change sizes; I see the same few people's tweets repeated too often, based on mystery algos I can't find, agree to, or reset. Quit telling me whom to follow! Just show only those I've choosen. No compact mode, so is screen-hogging waste (half = ads) on my cellph. Avoid!",31 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
157,BucketPls,"January 30, 2023","App used to be really good, but ever since change of ownership the user experience is thrown out. Now ads have trippled, you need 1 extra click to get to the content you want to see and you're constantly forced to see viewer numbers that nobody cares about, which ruined all interest in using the app the amount I used to...",37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
158,Will Xabandith (vipguy64),"January 25, 2023","Every artist and personality I want to follow are on Twitter. For that reason I will continue to be addicted to this app until a mass exodus occurs. However, there has been an annoying change recently: moving the views counter all the way to the right. Consequently, the like button moved from the right side of the screen to the middle. This has made it inconvenient to like Tweets, so I've downgraded to an older version of Twitter. Tweet views should be optional to see or be moved elsewhere.",28 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
159,David Brody,"January 29, 2023",There is no option to easily reply versus reply all. It's too many steps to take unwanted people off of your reply. Also when I look at my mentions there are some missing that appear in all or verified. Mention should have all mentions. I want my third party TweetCaster at back or I want you to copy all of the functionality of Tweetcaster. It made switching between accounts much easier and faster and allowed for posting from multiple accounts at the same time,21 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
160,Gensarcastic,"January 26, 2023",Used to be great. Now its buggy and slowly filling up with more ads. They also seperated your timeline to 2 states now. One is for you which is your typical tik tok style of random people content. Second is the following tab which is what i actually want. If I wanted to find new posts from random people i will go to the search tab.,36 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
161,Kaira Camille Felix,"January 27, 2023","DM button is not showing up even when DMs are open. annoying timeline, i miss the old twitter. could've just put the ""for you"" page at the last tab. NOBODY CARES ABOUT VIEW COUNTS it's irrelevant and annoying. more bugs after the new update as well, notifs aren't working or the number shows twice the amount of supposed notif. twitter was good now it all well downhill 👎",60 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
162,Savannah Brown,"January 30, 2023","Normally I would give a better reveiw, but there is one thing that's been bothering me so much about Twitter. The Direct Message Limit. I understand that its to keep people from spamming others, but if you're in the middle of a meaningful conversation with someone and you get cut off, that's just rude. Espetially if its a private conversation that you don't want to continue on the timeline. Please do something about it.",21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
163,zulfi aini,"January 30, 2023",The android version of application really get bad after the updates. The DM button being removed is the worst one because we no longer can DM the official account to ask for assistance from customer service there. Please fix this asap. The web version is still better because it doesn't change much compared to the application version. Thankyou.,100 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
164,Ian Palmer,"January 30, 2023","Awful, bring back the ability of 3rd party apps written by people who care about quality and functionality. The For You is awful, who wants to see tweets in a random time order, with responses before the post being responded to? Also should allow the user to Choose which they use (ie. Following) and stick to it and not keep defaulting back to the aforementioned useless For You feed. No one likes it.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
165,GRD PROJEKT,"February 1, 2023","I've never liked ""home"" timeline back then, but it was fine because I can change it back to actual *timeline* as in, latest tweet then leave it at that. But now, seems like ""f0R YoU"" is mandatory every time I open the app and had to change to ""following"" timeline. I follow the accounts I follow for a reason. You don't tell me what I want to see. Thanks Elon. And btw, video playback has never been good since forever. Dunno why. I can stream yt 1440p with no problem on the same internet.",15 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
166,Riya Pratihar,"February 15, 2023",this app was good before mask melon's take over. After that whatever he did I hate 1. old video aren't working and about new video audio-video sync glitch 2. They removed most beautiful feautre of the app 'moments' & adding useless feautres like views etc why is just so unnecessary and making timeline extremely messy 3. Even though birthday ballons wasn't any important feautre but it used to make the app beautiful,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
167,Jade Asistores,"January 1, 2023","There always come a point where, mid conversation with someone in direct messages, my messages aren't sent. Whenever I retry to click the try again button, the message still doesn't send. It just doesn't work, making me have to not be able to reply during the middle of a conversation. This is very inconvenient.",96 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
168,Bimal Bhattarai,"February 11, 2023","Twitter is a fantastic app for staying up-to-date on the latest news, events, and trends. The platform is easy to use and navigate, with real-time updates providing valuable information. Engage with others through direct messaging or commenting, creating a dynamic and connected community. Highly recommend for personal and professional use. Five stars!",14 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
169,Alex “Lemau” the Shampoofan,"January 31, 2023","Horrible updates, horrible new owner. The app now opens in Facebook mode, showing lots of content I didn't sign up for. Quality of the servers seem to be getting worse as API users are restricted. In one month this app has become an absolute dumpster fire.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
170,めいじ,"February 2, 2023","Stop breaking everything. First there's no DM icon. Now the like button doesn't even work anymore when viewing posts in certain ways (for example, when looking at an image).",7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
171,Molly Irwin,"February 17, 2023","I absolutely love this app! It is so helpful to be able to follow all of the top-trending topics in the media and get to know the thought-leaders in the areas that matter to me. It's also great to be able to follow my friends and see what they are talking about. Every voice can impact the world, and this app makes it so easy to do just that!",7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
172,Stephany Rezende,"February 18, 2023","i don't like this views count on tweets. It'll make some people feel more anxious, i mean, those who already have problems with numbers of like they get, if they get or not answers from people... This was one of the worst tools the app could ever include. (+) i hate this change with the two-factor authentication. I used to use it & was the best option for me, now that it's only for tt blue subs, it's like unfair? it's not that common/easy to have a security key. tt's getting worse each new day.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
173,Mr B,"February 9, 2023","Android app layout after recent change is horrible - ""For you"" and ""Following"". Please can we just have a feed showing us those we're following. Also it's not automatically refreshing when clicking the home button. Dreadful, sadly",16 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
174,Shobhit Poddar,"February 2, 2023","Twitter is a very good app for keeping you up-to-date. Means people from all over the world keep on tweeting about what is happening near there place. I would like to thank Mr. Elon Musk and the Twitter Team for the app. There are few minor glitches like sometimes when I click like on a tweet, it doesn't sometimes like it and shows network error and then crashes, but this was only when I started using Twitter for 1st time. So overall it is a very good app.",12 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
175,A Google user,"January 31, 2023",I don't know what's wrong with my Twitter especially when playing videos. When I pause videos it keeps playing when I try to rewind it doesn't work when I leave the post the video sounds keep playing I have to exit the app and refresh totally before it stops.,14 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
176,Alex Scotson,"February 9, 2023","I am BAFFLED by the fact that an account that has already existed even since 2016 requires other people to follow them in order to follow more accounts. SOME PEOPLE JUST DON'T HAVE MUCH TO POST. If someone was to create bot accounts, they probably wouldn't wait so many years to follow with them. I can understand delays from following too many people too quickly, but this is ridiculous.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
177,Midori Constantine,"January 22, 2023","Yet again you try to push the non chronological timeline, and you've even forced the app to update even though I set it to not update automatically, so now I've got the horrible new client with the ""for you"" tab. If you won't disable this update, at least give us an option to remove it out alter the order of the tabs, I don't want the random algorithm view.",123 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
178,Aaron Freeland,"February 2, 2023","Every 3rd Tweet is an ad. Not sure if I've hit my block limit yet. The system is unstable, slow, prone to crashing, and the new ""Head Twit"" is ineffective, inefficient, and tanking my stock.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
179,Thomas Kimweri,"February 10, 2023","I wonder why🤔 whenever i try to login into my first account it takes me to account verification that's not a case but when it comes in getting the code dude!! That's been a case,when I try to register my number as I've decided to open another account still doesn't work so many refusal are there on every number I try to register such...!",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
180,Angie K (Angela Korporaal),"January 20, 2023","Been a twitter user since 2008. The app has progressively gotten worse especially with introducing new and unnecessary ""features."" My home timeline is now segregated between ""For You"" and ""Following"" and defaults to the For You every time I open the app now. Please just put things back chronologically and stop trying to copy other timeline based apps and their messed up algorithms.",36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
181,Anne Knight,"January 22, 2023","This app is terrible, at least on my android. It refuses to show me the most recent tweets of the accounts I follow. There is no way to access settings. It will not let me open links in my preferred browser, & there are no settings available Twitter's chosen browser. The app can't be personalized and it's packed with ads. I've always used Plume for Twitter, but as best I can tell, Twitter has cut off secondary services. I'd rate the app minus 5 stars if I could.",30 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
182,Rafi alam,"February 15, 2023","A good app that have us connected with important and knowledgeable contents such as food, fashion, current affairs and also we can get connected with some influential people. but this app should put an stop to some accounts who posts sens*al and prohibited content. I know this is'nt mandatory but those who accidentaly gets see this can have a destroyed soul which might also affect their life as well as their surroundings. Twitter is great but the flaws.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
183,P. J. Reed,"January 21, 2023","This app just gets worse every day. Constantly adding features nobody wanted, moving things around, disabling things that were useful. Sometimes it just stops refreshing until you force close it. You used to be able to use a third party client, but now that those are banned, Twitter is going down the drain.",79 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
184,CWoods101,"January 27, 2023","I don't like this ""for you"" and ""following"" at the top of my page. And why is the default the ""for you"" tab? Make it one tab for the overall timeline like the 3rd party apps did. Also, make the notifications and mentions one section as well. Simplify the layout guys.",21 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
185,Stephen Fanner,"January 20, 2023","Every change now makes the user experience worse, every official announcement about changes is met with frustration, anger or bafflement but twitter ignores these complaints. It's really quite remarkable, as if the owner wants twitter to be something else entirely to what it has always been. App seems to enter frequent periods of instability, with strange new bugs appearing for a few days at a time, sometimes these are just odd but sometimes they impact the basic functionality",28 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
186,Daniel B. JR,"January 20, 2023","Many issues right now on my Galaxy s20+. Topics don't display in the topics section as of right now, videos go mute when rotated (landscape or portrait), and currently some videos will not play after randomly moving at ×2 speed but with normal audio. Also a long standing issue of when scrolling on a twitter profile and rotating phone, you jump back to the top of the page instead of staying where you were.",80 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
187,MOONCHILD HYUN,"January 20, 2023","Hate the recent updated layout. Remove the view function 'cause it's useless. Stop being inconsistent in layout design as it only cause users to constantly having to get used to new page layout every single time. Some of us have muscle memory and it's easier to access when things like Reply/Like/RT button not changing place due the ""views"" things😒",87 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
188,360 Degrees of Steve,"December 21, 2022","Awful The app loads slow, the autocorrect constantly replaces perfectly spelled words and phrases with the previous word or phrase typed, the photo editing options are limited and buggy I don't expect anyone to ever fix it, but if you could try anything, that'd be great. Obviously I won't stop using the app, as the alternatives are awful, especially the browser version. They kneecap you so you HAVE to use the app. Classic capitalism.",60 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
189,チュアKTN,"January 21, 2023","so many irrelevant adsー too much and too frequent. it's annoying. also the views moving to the right most doesn't change the fact that we still hate it. it's a useless feature for the average user. make the views an optional feature. and the ""For You"" and ""Your Following"" makes it all the more confusing. i only want to see content from those i follow. don't shove things i don't want onto my face",104 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
190,Nazar Hulevych,"January 23, 2023","The new tabed UI for the main page is much worse than the previous way of doing it. Now it takes up additional space for absolutely no reason whatsoever and can't even remember the last used option. Bravo, Elon. Also, the app is really slow and stutters all the time but that's not new",35 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
191,Artur Grinenko,"February 22, 2023","Some things got fixed, however still far from perfect. New issue: fake unread messages and notification badges in the app. Old ones: a shared tweet in a DM opens in the in-app browser, the app resets the scroll to the top randomly, sometimes tweets load in between two tweets and you're left to wonder where did the next tweet you started reading go...",71 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
192,Darryl Watson Jr.,"January 12, 2023","every update just makes the app worse in novel & unpredictable ways. it constantly crashes. It autoreloads. It laggs. It doesn't play videos well. My comments disappear as soon as I post them. It's like they don't even care about the android experience AT ALL. Every update just makes it worse! Update: still sucks. Also have to reset my account password multiple times a week because of ""suspicious activity"" none of my emails for help ever work. Update 2: even worse. Update 3: sucks MORE!!",349 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
193,Rosaluna,"December 28, 2022","""Failed to send"" is the new normal... Why do we now need to click on play after clicking on a video? This additional step is just annoying and useless! And why is the ""float"" option for a video (to watch video and read tweets) not available anymore? Tweets are still suddenly disappearing when scrolling down or jumping back to the top of a profile, which is very annoying",115 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
194,Jill M,"January 4, 2023","- views feature sucks and helps no one - videos don't work anymore, the visuals either freeze or play at double speed and the audio keeps jumping around - tried to send tweets and they took 10 minutes to send only for the attached gifs to load wrong so i had to delete the whole thread - i keep getting repeat notifications. ive been told someone liked my tweet 5 times in the past 2 minutes",44 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
195,Blaque Lotus,"January 6, 2023",This app has been extremely buggy and crashing a lot the last couple of months. Twitter spaces barely works and you can't get your own individual space bar to pop up at the top of the screen. Really takes away from the Twitter experience going to have to go with one star for now. If this was a couple months ago I'd rate it five,154 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
196,Wittaya Wongvatanyu,"January 11, 2023",Replies to posts are not shown sometimes. This happens only in the past month or two. The system seems to slow down a bit starting from the end of 2022. It has new features in the past months but implementation are not without problems. Moderations is getting weird; some funny and harmful accounts/posts get deleted for no reason. Toxic posts are much more frequent of late and are not fact-checked.,120 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
197,MIKE C3,"January 9, 2023","In recent weeks the app has lost functionality: if I try to tweet the app just freezes, more often than not I give up trying to tweet as the app just doesn't work. All interconnectivity with other apps has gone - the Twitter app no longer recognises 'that request'. Notifications don't show up in the app. I wonder what has changed recently that has meant that the app no longer works? Perhaps sacking all your software engineers wasn't such a good idea",92 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
198,B Thomas,"December 25, 2022","Update 122522. Lately when I highlight text in a Twitter message from my Android app, it highlights in black opaque (can't see text being copied) and not blue (could see text being copied). Please revert back to blue for Android devices. It does not do this from my laptop. Only from my Android app. Every other feature works great. Thank you.",126 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
199,Adella Adriani,"January 18, 2023","The videos are glitching despite I have no internet problem Been clearing the cache and even updating to the newest version but the problem stays PLUS i can no longer cropping on twt (before posting a pic) nor searching a gif. Gonna add, the app is not responding whenever I open another app while drafting what I'm gonna post and I can't open the draft afterwards. The app keep closing. The previous version was better.",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
200,Michelle.,"December 23, 2022","after update to the latest one, the UI/UX of 'tweet' became so distracting. The views are unnecessary to be put on the first row instead keeping it the way it is before. It's really makes me uncomfortable to saw the views count number, thinking it was the reply amount. Maybe the views could be move to the last row or even hide it as before, make it a simple and clean look again. It feels so crowded and unnecessary ☹️",57 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
201,Aadarsh Mishra,"December 20, 2022",The recent updates have messed up a lot of things. Users can't even open the app properly. They get error msg while opening the app. Feeds get refreshed in between automatically while reading something. It's so frustrating. Increase in spams and ads are beyond control. I know the company is growing through huge changes but atleast keep the app going as before. Keep it stable enough to let users access the app itself.,194 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
202,Tom Holland,"January 23, 2023","The recent downgrades have made this Twitter client very difficult to use. I now have to press the following tab just to see my timeline! There also seems to be an emphasis on getting me to watch videos, which is unhelpful. I've been using Twitter for over ten years, and have noticed significant issues over the last few weeks.",55 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
203,Marshall Galusky,"December 29, 2022","Very good app, super informative, new changes were positive. No news stories can change my mind (unless they're factual). I have very very many negative opinions of the new owner, but he did well this time. He changed the app for the better. The access to politicians and journalists is like no other platform. Twitter is a unique source of information, it's quite the news source.",87 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
204,Mabel C.,"December 23, 2022","Terrible. After the recent update, twitter added unnecessary elements for most users. The ""view"" component isn't something common people use. It makes the interface look crowded and chaotic because of the numbers. If you'd like, provide us options to shut it down or hide it. If not, twitter has become ""too much"".",46 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
205,Dominic Kunze,"January 24, 2023","Since all alternative clients have been cut off, I gave the original experience a try. What a horrible mess this app is. Endless promotions and ""cross follows"" mixed with actual tweets from persons I'm following. Not remembering where I was when updating. Crashes. Sluggish performance. I rather quit Twitter than using this.",50 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
206,Jofroop,"December 16, 2022","very poor experience. you cannot search spaces. after searching tweets, sometimes the app breaks and you have to restart it. when looking at a tweet, the app will often jump and refresh for no reason, and the original tweet is lost. you cannot buy twitter blue. additionally the new update now does not let you like tweets. so much basic functionality is missing. this app makes you feel like a second class citizen compared to the iPhone app.",55 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
207,Ganea Alex,"January 11, 2023","Buggy to hell and back, cannot even post anything without it crashing entirely and forcing me to restart my phone to use it again. Absolutely awful, any changes done towards the good have been reversed into a mess worse than before. Also inflated views on your posts for the investors to be fooled. Do not touch this app if you want to actually have a functional social media",40 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
208,I. Anthony Owings,"January 5, 2023","Completely unusable on P7P fully up to date. Requires VPNs to be fully disabled, crashes frequently, freezes every 45 - 90 seconds, is trash and completely useless in 2023... Not sure why I still have the app. I'm not using Twitter on my desktop only... This isn't 2009... I liked Twitter and don't care who ownes it. I expect the app to work... And as far as I can tell, this is how it's going to work from now on. So turn off all your security, remove all security updates or it's going to crash",66 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
209,Tavonga Zhanje,"January 20, 2023",Happy with interface and ease of searching for things I'm interested in. I do find some of the suggestions and random tweets of stuff I have absolutely no interest in quite annoying... Probably something to do with the algorithm... Y'all should fix that otherwise when I sign up and select certain subject matter what's the point of doing all that if you aren't going to suggest the relevant material I selected... otherwise twitter is cool,7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
210,Hebe Stuart,"December 23, 2022","App is broken! Every time I try to tweet my app freezes and it won't let me type, add pictures, etc. The latest update didn't fix this issue at all and once again Android users are an afterthought when it comes to app usability which is common amongst all the major social media apps, but at least Instagram lets me actually POST stuff. If this is the future of twitter I'll pass.",78 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
211,Peter Carrington,"January 2, 2023",Whatever has happened recently (within the last 2 weeks) has caused big problems with Twitter. The app keeps crashing on startup even when using the instructions of clearing data and restarting. I have seen it crash on a particular tweet as well. Sort it out Twitter......if anyone is there anymore!,47 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
212,Randa Slater,"January 6, 2023","I was prepared for inflammatory, rude, and unethical content to increase after Musk took ""control"" I was not prepared for the daily, sometimes, hourly app bugs! I can't change location... it crashes. I can't add gifs... It crashes. I can't share links from other (NON social media) sights... It crashes. I was willing to deal with the politics, far right nuts, even the increased ads, but I can't stand the awful functionality! Musk seems to be slowly, but surely,kill this modern day town center.",56 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
213,Aslıhan Ardıç,"January 10, 2023","There are too many problems with the app. It has become impossible to log into the account from the application. It has also become impossible to add a phone number and turn on two-factor authentication. As if all that wasn't enough, he doesn't translate tweets in Korean. The translation part is very bad. you ruined the app! please fix these problems now!","1,316 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
214,Mariska Lutfiah A,"December 18, 2022","Hello, I'm having an issue. I've tried to change my profile picture but it didn't change at all. I have to update it from the website, and I have another issue, I couldn't see some of my following's tweet on my timeline. Please fix it. At first I thought it happen because you have an update with the app, but no dude, theres no update button.",60 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
215,Sena Lee,"December 23, 2022",Just get rid of the viewcount. No one else needs to know how many impressions everyone gets. At least make it optional. It's almost intrusive because it doesn't count clicks like other sites. Even scrolling past a post counts as a view. Moments was also removed a few weeks back which sucked. I follow a bunch of artists and they can't organize their work using Moments anymore. I hate the changes and I feel like I'm watching this app downgrade with every new update.,118 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
216,Adriana Asanin,"December 14, 2022","i have been an avid user of this app for a while, but in an attempt to change my profile picture today, i realized it would not change. i do have the option to change my header, but as much as i try to change my profile picture, it just won't happen. i am quite disappointed, and frankly– i find deleting the app only to download it again a lot of work, plus – i do not know my password. please fix this bug as soon as possible.",48 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
217,Gisela,"December 26, 2022","This new app is dogshit. Every time I want to draft a new tweet, it freezes and then crashes. Not to mention the annoying log in screen. Why do I need to keep logging in every single time I open the app? You have to completely close the app and try 2-3 times for it to actually open.",36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
218,Paul Gardner,"January 22, 2023",Constant pop-ups in the middle of the feed asking me to explore more or follow more people or something else. Just won't leave me alone. Constantly defaults to the For You tap which then immediately shows me garbage I'm not interested in. I only want to see the accounts I follow. Twitter's abrupt termination of all third party apps must be the worst thing they've done so far. I have unsubscribed from 80% of my accounts and now use the app just once a day for updates. I used to live on this site.,52 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
219,Ben Bevan,"January 20, 2023","This app has become cluttered with unnecessary data and terrible UI choices - buttons constantly being moved between updates as well as being in different orders on different screens! What used to be easy to interact with, such as liking being a simple click where my thumb was resting) has now been impeded by these terrible choices like squishing views onto the left of the buttons and then, in the recent update, taking the place of the like button! Also, why must I dm someone ONE image at once?",21 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
220,Nipun Sharma,"January 14, 2023","Please fix the app for Pixel devices and Android in general. The lag and scroll stutter remain unresolved issues. Understand your preference for iOS but sadly Android exists, however unfortunate it might be and we may wish it to just stop existing, but it continues to exist. So please focus on Android devices. At least on the Pixel, the experience should be smooth and lag free.",33 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
221,Scott Brown,"January 17, 2023","Hey Twitter, since you've blocked the 3rd party apps I used to avoid this problem, any chance you'll get around to fixing the bug that makes the timeline reload at random- usually while I'm in the middle of reading a thread? That would be great if you could.",30 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
222,Love Your Skin - Tips by Yolande,"December 30, 2022","Keeps on hanging/crashing making it impossible to make my tweets! And it's extremely annoying. I've never had this issue before, but for the past couple of weeks i haven't been able to post anything! Loosing out on possibilities for people to see us and our content.",44 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
223,Dan Ulbin,"January 22, 2023","Just got the update that added the ""for you/following."" Way to make a bad app worse. Still 1 star. Won't let me use my own browser when trying to open links. Is there a way to dismiss the spaces group at the top of my feed? I already have notifications turned off but I still see the group. Tried sending a support email but it got returned, saying not allowed to post to that Google group? Thank you",41 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
224,Miss Fortune,"December 16, 2022","Trash app! I've been waiting for a reply from support center forever. I go to app and click ""Contact support team"" and it just loops me back to the guide on how to fix it myself. I don't have access to my backup code and no one works in the support team contact link! The text verification isn't being sent either! Since you're thinking maybe my number is incorrect, NO I've had this SAME NUMBER FOR OVER A DECADE.",66 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
225,Tony Naeem,"December 25, 2022","Significant downgrade in the past few months, the UI changes are frustrating at best. DMs are incredibly buggy. Sometime conversations, videos and images don't load. The moderation is entirely focused on stroking the ego of its new CEO rather than helping prevent violence, removing abusive images and videos.",79 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
226,Randy Hartle,"December 27, 2022","Accidentally updated the app and now I'm stuck with this new ""viewed"" rating. Just clutters the screen. Needs a way to disable. Detracts from the experience. Old way was fine, this is more of a power user metric. I'm not really needing an audience. Nor wanting one, I'm good with exchanging thoughts, but polarized opposites are most of what i find. Really would love to rollback this update",41 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
227,Nathan Wittman,"January 20, 2023","Used to be a really good app, but with each new update to the UI, it becomes marginally less user friendly. It is now extremely difficult and confusing to use, especially if you built up the muscle memory from previous versions.",47 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
228,Keri Arnold (Jedith),"January 4, 2023","I wish there was better organization. Albums for artwork/photos. Journals for long threads/writings. Maybe a way to either verify if someone is 18+ or under 18, since there's a lot of nsfw stuff on Twitter. Like a green ✅️ next to the handle and people can do it for free if they submit a scan of an ID that can be verified. But the biggest thing is, please for the love of God, stop refreshing the TL as I'm looking at it. I lose so many cool tweets because it changes as I'm looking right at it.",30 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
229,Alícia,"January 24, 2023","The app is getting worse with every update. Irrelevant changes and useless features that only worsen the entire UI/UX. This app is getting unusable, always crashing, glitching. Video and audio are in shambles. Some serious work needs to be done here.",48 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
230,nell,"January 11, 2023","frustrating beyond words at this point. for the past few months, the autorefresh on the timeline has been destroying the experience on twitter. and every time i try to backtrack through a thread, it returns to the top of the thread. this app is turning to garbage and its so bad that it almost feels intentional. UPDATE: malicious dms are being sent more and more frequently as security is neglected. i would not advise linking any valuable emails to your account.",336 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
231,xx Ana HC xx,"January 25, 2023","Update: Not liking the new ""For You"" / ""Following"" section on the newsfeed. It was just fine the way it was. PLEASE return to the way it was! Love the look & feel of my Twitter newsfeed & that it is organized in chronological order. Simple & to the point with not a lot of unwanted posts.",62 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
232,Diva Queen,"January 11, 2023","• The presence of ""views"" makes the already cumbersome page even less appealing. • The function of drafts can be updated to the semblance of email drafts that saves tweets so you don't lose them in case of an interruption. • Please update the DMs feature and functionality. • Reels on Twitter seem redundant! This is not IG! Thank you for trying to be better.",69 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
233,ZodiacArctic,"January 15, 2023","There is physically way too much ""you might like"" like the homepage timeline is supposed to be filled with accounts i follow for a reason and the explore tab being full of similar topics that I'm interested in for a reason, not for both of them to be combined together where the homepage timeline is no longer the homepage timeline. I don't want to open the app's homepage timeline and be spammed with nothing but ""you might like"" idc. If I want something I will look it up in the explore tab.",96 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
234,Trizkitz Bizkitz,"January 15, 2023",I really like this app for the news an some photos of the ladies but sometimes it's a bit too much Pokémon extravaganza...also it's difficult to recover your password and need to be a bit easier to monetize..also the number of people you need to aquire for Twitter blue is a bit too high to start for some people that are just shy or not as technology advance or people advisored...,25 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
235,Landon Williams,"December 18, 2022","I dont like not being able to link my other socials in my tweets or bio. I feel like a lot of the decisions being made don't make a lot of sense. On the technical side, the app has quite a bit of bugs. It will show that I don't follow people that I've followed for years or say that people don't follow me when they really do. Takes a long time to load things. Various other QOL problems. Nothing that stops the app from working, but annoying nonetheless.",52 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
236,Max,"December 22, 2022","really bad update, app is slower with the introduction of view counts. the rest of the buttons like retweet have been cramped to the side, sometimes hiding numbers because of the view count taking up too much space, but that's just a design nitpick. don't update if you don't care for view counts, just another downgrade.",62 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
237,DexHolder .Green,"January 22, 2023","Painfully unoptimised: The video player often never loads an has issues loading images and has had this issue for years now. To add, in the ""view latest tweets"" feature the ""View more tweets"" prompt doesn't work. I use an android phone and it is mainly an issue on that device.",50 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
238,Chris Blackmore,"January 3, 2023","Good app except sometimes when you close an image or video, all of the posts below change instantly... annoying when you see a video you like and then it disappears. Don't need updated ""more relevant topics"" - have some faith, you're doing just fine as you are.",29 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
239,Bryan Ferrier,"January 21, 2023","Twitter has decided that the algorithm should decide what you see instead of you're own preferences. Not sure why every app thinks not displaying content in chronological order is the way to be. You have the option to see tweets in the correct order, but it resets every time you open the app.",423 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
240,Cameron Hendrick-Brooks,"January 15, 2023","Changing my review. I like Twitter, but its just getting worse and worse now. As of lately, nothing from people I follow shows up, but instead, a bunch of random accounts with ""you may like"" above them. Clicking ""not interested"" makes the ""you may like"" posts multiply. The app has also become buggy, and notifications come through twice if the post has an image. Other wise, the app is just ""ok"" now 🤷‍♂️",47 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
241,Paul “Paul Q” Quinones,"December 12, 2022",Content moderation has declined. There are also more bots on this application now along with the inability to keep topics not interested in hidden. Honestly if you can get the app to work for what you want great but I can't recommend it to anyone looking for a positive experience.,84 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
242,Ben Lindstrom,"December 28, 2022","Getting worse by the day - Twitter is getting worse almost daily, as longtime features are turned off (downvote button especially), useless features are added (the view counter), dumb design features happen (like highlighted text not being visible), and major stability issues are starting to encroach. It's barely functioning anymore on Android.",46 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
243,Alyx Ezra,"January 21, 2023","All these superfluous changes are really making the experience miserable. The artificial inflated ""view count"" on tweets, the ""for you"" vs ""following"" and even then you aren't guaranteed to see all the tweets in chronological order for the people you follow, these two functions are so poorly executed. I don't know who asked for this or why they would but genuinely it's becoming really hard to want to continue using this app.",39 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
244,Brígh R,"January 18, 2023","Ever since elno took over, the app has been slowly dying. Videos don't work anymore, notifications are broken beyond anything I've ever seen anywhere. If you want to see your friends replies you have to check tweets manually like some kind of psycho. Really going downhill and getting worse every day. Almost unusable.",25 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
245,firecrash6,"January 21, 2023","They need to revert the UI to the old version. The ""For You"" and ""Following"" timelines are awful, and make the UI feel cluttered. As well as the default timeline is the ""For You"" one, which is almost always populated by hours old tweets.",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
246,Ben Veit,"January 24, 2023","New UI is clunky and much slower than before. It also doesn't include an option to choose which main stream to boot into. The""For you"" steam is now featured rather then being tucked away in older versions. Not ideal.",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
247,Eric R.,"January 24, 2023","Great platform overall. The two biggest snags are that if you want Twitter Blue, the premium version, you have to sign up on a computer or thru iOS. It's also been more than a month since I signed up and still have not gotten the verified blue checkmark. If it goes through another billing cycle, I will unsubscribe from Twitter Blue.",40 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
248,Lemuel Sambitan,"January 9, 2023","Ever since elon became ceo, twitter has been: 1. constantly crashing; 2. malfunctioning (some tweets and dms cannot be sent); and/or 3. giving us new features that are irrelevant, useless, and/or both. And now, it has announced that the character limit will be 4000 now. Twitter was created to be a microblog and it's supposed to be like that, but now it's becoming like any other existing blog out there. Overall, the experience has not been delightful and it keeps getting crappier.",50 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
249,Carlos Castillo,"January 15, 2023","Not sure if it's due to a recept upgrade, but for the past month or so the app freezes and shuts down after I follow someone. I tried sending in a help ticket but could not find a topic for issues with the app, so I came here. I hope they can fix this.",49 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
250,Trevon “J” Leahy,"December 25, 2022",Still can't sign into the app whether it's via website or app. Am logged into one old device and I can log out and log in with the same info but on my new device is denies my every time. What the hell are you doing with security. Accessing from the same IP I always have but still can't see in from my new device. You also need to enter your password for literally EVERY action relating to your account which makes trying to update any information a living hell.,48 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
251,Sania Ali,"January 16, 2023",the new update has completely rendered the purpose of timeline useless. the supposed 'for you' section shows NOTHING which I have ever interacted with. It even shows stuff i have purposely blocked while curating my account. Can we please get the old timeline format of getting the latest tweets first? because this really isn't serving any purpose. The whole app has just been unstable.,44 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
252,†SellnerMatrix,"January 11, 2023",The app is running smoothly as far as I can tell. One suggestion I would like to make is to simplify the logout process. There are too many steps. Half the time I can't remember how to log out. Place the logout option in a different place on the app so it's something like tap your profile...then logout...confirm logging out. Thank you!!,55 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
253,CJ Roberts,"January 21, 2023","It used to be a really fun app and enjoyed the massive interactions you could experience, even with its obvious downsides. Then something changed, and it has only gotten worse in presentation and experience. Somehow, it gets worse daily",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
254,Chris “Vinny Vonny” V,"December 18, 2022","Since the censoring has been lifted everything seems much more fair and even between left and right. It's great to be able to trust what I read. One should never blindly trust anything, always investigate down all paths! The app itself seems very responsive and is running great! Keep up the good at twitter!",130 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
255,Mae Stark,"January 9, 2023","App has become increasingly unstable, a visual mess, and more hostile than usual. Reports crash or don't otherwise work, and when they do work, they're ignored entirely. Many other things are much glitchier than usual. Just a very unpleasant experience overall.",43 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
256,Yuki Haura,"January 17, 2023",It was fun before I accidentally updated the app. The views display makes the app feel inorganic to me and it's kinda give me an anxiety. Please provide option to turn the feature off both for my own tweet and for other people's tweet. I BEG YOU. The feature truly started getting so uncomfortable to me.,25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
257,Victor Garcia,"January 24, 2023","This app used to be flawless but now some video won't play or has playback issues. I wish they wouldn't force these ""updates"" to people because I will not use Circles or buy Twitter Blue. These have made other features on the app run slower and buggy. Even with new ownership the app still has problems. Crashes when I try to tweet. Update again: Not even reply tweets work",58 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
258,Miaw Pasra,"January 20, 2023","Update: Auto-refresh became even more obnoxious after I gave feedback when Twitter asked for it in the app. Original: Auto-refresh feature. I don't remember how many times the app moved away posts that I want to see before I clicked on them. Enabling ""Reduce motion"" barely helps.",41 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
259,Schrödinger's Dino,"January 14, 2023","It's getting worse every time, Video won't unload and freezes while watching and there's nothing you can do about it. If there's anything better than Twitter, I won't think twice to delete my account of more than 15 years and get something good. I don't care who owns this platform, I only want an decent app that works! Galaxy 20S FE. Totally updated, the problem is not in here.",44 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
260,Kristina Geronimo (Kris),"December 27, 2022","With minimal participation within the app, I would still rate it 5-stars due to it being one of the biggest platforms on the world-wide-web. It's a great social environment where one can express themselves freely. There are many venues and options in which you can communicate what you wish to express within the app itself.",86 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
261,shawn duquette,"January 20, 2023",Their new complaint system for android It's absolutely garbage and terrible doesn't work properly or glitches out need to fix it maybe I'll give them a 3 or 4 then . The old one was way easier this new 1 is fing garbage Doesn't work or work properly Or is not easy to use. Not happy at all with any of these companies making it harder to let them know about the stuff going on their applications or not being able to do more about it or put a stop.,92 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
262,icewizardofdeath,"January 21, 2023","Worst f'ing update. The fact that the home screen has two different tabs for the ""for you"" page and your actually following timeline. I hate it, it should have stayed as an option to change it instead of being there all the time",25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
263,ExoFrame,"January 6, 2023","Twitter lists [green] checkmark (showing it was added to a list) is no longer showing, it can't be verified if a content creator was included in a specific list, this happens the majority of time; new bug (<72 hours on my end), works fine on mobile web browser (tested on Opera)",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
264,Tim Resar,"January 9, 2023","The app is not as intuitive as you might believe. For example, its not clear as to how i can view responses to a specific tweet. When it shows xxx number of responses, and i click on that xxx link, it should immediately display the original tweet along with the nested responses. Most often, it does nothing.",51 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
265,Genny Chioma,"January 15, 2023","I'm not enjoying the app honestly. For some days now I'm unable to login to my account, been seeing something like ""can't retrieve tweet at this time"" Since Twitter was banned and later unbanned in my region, the app have not been functioning as before. I have deleted it and reinstalled still is not working well. Please help me and fix it. Thank you. I still can't login to my account for more than a week now.",37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
266,Rohan Bari,"January 23, 2023","The UI looks terrible due to the view count on the bottom-right of a tweet where it used to be the Like button. The tabs ""For you"" and ""Following"" takes up more space on the mobile screen. The blue tick has lost its authenticity as it is now only used to prove that the user is a human.",54 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
267,Mystery,"January 20, 2023","It's a good place to look at art, but the app constantly refreshes while I'm trying to scroll, causing me to lose posts I was interested in halfway through reading them. In addition, I don't feel safe posting any information about myself given the new management explicitly gives protections to neo-nazis.",6 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
268,Xandros Holl,"December 17, 2022","This app just has a terrible video player. The picture-in-picture mode does not work. The video starts playing even when only a few pixels of the video hit the screen. If you press the mute button, there will still be sound in full-screen mode.",163 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
269,Dave,"December 27, 2022",Latest update freezes when writing a post or replying to one. It takes up to 30 seconds to unfreeze. I have observed this on several platforms and operating systems. Quite annoying.,50 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
270,Sergey Sokoloff,"December 22, 2022","This version (9.69.1-release.0) of Twitter for Android still doesn't seem to display any 4K images even when the corresponding setting is switched on (in “Settings and privacy” → “Accessibility, display and languages” → “Data usage” → “High-quality images” → “Mobile data & Wi-Fi”) and “Data saver” is off. Thus large screenshots of text (3000—4000 pixels long) sometimes look unintelligible and they never support any real zoom.",521 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
271,Kelly Wenig,"December 23, 2022",Twitter is great as a community (although sometimes too ridiculous) but it's getting glitchy. Sometimes things don't load and you have to house the app or change from wifi to data to get it jump started. The updates are fine but I just want it to work and it's not doing a good job lately.,43 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
272,Daniel Ellington,"January 21, 2023","Unable to choose for you and following. I have a Samsung Fold 4. I tried to contact developer via email link in the play store. I rec3ived adelivery failure... I do not have the ""for you"" and ""following"" buttons to choose which one I want to view. Also, dark mode is not working either.",59 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
273,Craig Tomlinson,"January 16, 2023","The amount of force fed 'suggested' content is ridiculous at the moment. Why am I being shown tweets in Spanish and various other Euro/Asian languages when I can't read it and I've never interacted with that content before. You never see anything from people you follow or from those in your lists, Twitter just wants to guess what you'd like to see instead and fill your feed with that, it's more often than not completely useless and irrelevant to what I want to see. Disable it ASAP!",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
274,Rory O' Donnell,"January 23, 2023","Everyday they add some new feature that was scrapped by old twitter team cause it didn't work, get made fun of for it and make it worse in revenge. It's probably one of the stupidest things putting the view count there in the first place, then putting it closer to the right than the likes was even dumber. An unecessary and non-benefitial change that actually is ruins the ergonomics of the like button being on the right.",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
275,Rob,"January 22, 2023","The ""For You"" feature is not something I want, especially automatically selected every time I open the app. I do not want to see post out of order as I scroll. This new feature sucks, as does the ""veiws"" feature. App quality down the tube.",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
276,Austin Rambo,"January 6, 2023","As of several weeks ago and through at least two updates, attempting to compose a tweet just ends in a black screen and a crash about ninety percent of the time. I guess I'll just have to run a third party twitter app with AdBlock until something improves.",33 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
277,James Stewart,"January 16, 2023","Notifications aren't working. Samsung Galaxy s9 OS11. On the desktop browser version however, the notification works and has the blue number next to it. This doesn't happen on the mobile app though. They worked perfectly fine until I updated the app. :-(",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
278,Auldreidy SunnyRocker,"January 24, 2023","Got failed email delivery message, so: New ""For you"" tab not for me! Too loaded with useless recommendations; cannot sift through them without losing the will to do so. Why getting ridiculous recommendations from anywhere on Twitter? Are algorithms broken or just random rubbish you're now punting to users rather than relevant stuff I was getting before this update? You should: - Allow users to choose which tab defaults when opening the app. - Give users ability to hide the ""For you"" tab.",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
279,Imaginary Cloud Bread,"December 25, 2022",Apps great and all and I would give it 5 stars but I've been having this problem where whenever I search for anything it would show the results but than suddenly not even far from the first tweet it starts jamming/stops. It would show it loading but it seems to never finish loading the rest of the feed. Could you please fix this?,27 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
280,Amanda Tami Tokunaga,"January 14, 2023","So, I've been using this platform for years now and never had much to complain, but nowadays I find myself constantly having to resend tweets since they won't post the first time, the new copying way on mobile is irritating, the fact that moments were taken down is truly sad, and many many many other decisions seem very pointless or what we do not need. Instead of the changes we ask, things to improve, we get the opposite.",23 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
281,James S.,"December 19, 2022","All of the issues in the original review are STILL not resolved. Add to this the lack of human support personnel and the nearly useless Help page, and having the account repeatedly locked out without valid cause. Also, the contact email provided here for the devs is invalid. There is no way to reach an actual human at Twitter.",140 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
282,MD IMRAN,"January 3, 2023","I am giving 2 star coz of information. Negative thing is that I feel normal n ok when i play video on any other applications. But when i play the video of 2-2:30 minutes on twitter, it takes me back in the year of 2013-14. Lacking and buffering all the time while playing video. I avoid using Twitter. Twitter is the only app in my phone which doesn't play video in a normal mode.",20 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
283,aisyah MIA 2,"January 20, 2023","I don't know what happened to my twitter especially my dm feature. When I open the DM I can't send messages because it's always an error. I also had trouble opening another account because I couldn't see all my active accounts when I pressed the three dots above (when I should have pressed that dot, all my accounts could be seen but mine wasn't) what actually happened!!!",21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
284,Ellie Croot,"January 13, 2023","Topics haven't been showing tweets for over a week now. Any topic I open whether I follow it or not just has a dot like you get when you can't scroll anymore, there aren't any tweets. Topics show tweets on desktop but not on the app. I've signed out and in again and cleared the cache but that hasn't worked. Being able the drag down and refresh topics would be a helpful feature too.",26 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
285,Panda 2003,"January 10, 2023","The video player barely works with some videos, it will just play for a few seconds and then the video gets stuck on 1 frame and sometimes the timer and bar will keep moving but how does that even happen? and sometimes u cant even watch the goddamn video",121 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
286,Arretha Nisa,"January 26, 2023","get rid of for you page & stats view logo, it ruins our muscle memory. and the auto refresh every other second which is annoying because one time you see an engaging thread, the next second it's gone because twitter decides ""yup, im gonna scroll back to the home""? yeah, annoying.",32 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
287,W. G.,"February 12, 2023",02/12/2023: insta crash at launch still going strong 💀 01/14/2023: still kill lol. 12/12/2022: Still crashing at launch ayy. Using Owly meanwhile. Crashing in the background without running. Crashing at launch. Reinstalled JIC and it refuses to start normally. Started happening just today.,13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
288,ratnasarida,"January 13, 2023","So many glitch on the older videos omg it's so frustrating! some of video playing it at 2x speed, some of them can't be played at all, some of them can only watch a half of video and then it stopped. Please fix it!",30 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
289,Kyle Smith,"January 21, 2023","Since the focus has shifted from Trust & Safety to prioritizing engineering, the experience has been much better. I see more of those I follow & have gotten an increase in followers without changing anything from my end. Far from perfect, but heading in the right direction.",11 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
290,Chris Moschler,"February 18, 2023",Terrible social media platform. New owner constantly strips working features away then reinstates them under a different name after discovering some things were integral to the functionality of the site. The latest change removed basic security features and placed them behind a paywall. Unbelievably embarrassing decisions and mismanagement from those in charge.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
291,João M. Damas,"January 29, 2023","I have no problem of the discovery feature (""For you"") existing on Twitter. But I want to be able to experience Twitter as it makes sense to me: chronological order of tweets from the people I follow. As a setting, not behind a ""swipe"". As such, I had to revert the app to an older version, accept the compatibility and security issues and hope Twitter (or Mr. Musk) come back to their senses.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
292,Elvis Otim,"February 10, 2023",This is really an amazing app that keeps me updated with everything happening around the globe 🌎. I really appreciate the developers of this app. My only concern is the twitter rule that limits you from following a particular number of people in a Day and this depends on the number of followers one is having yet it's hard to gain followers. I will be very great full if this is erectified. Thank you.,10 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
293,Yasin Musani,"December 29, 2022","When connected to the WiFi network some time the media(Videos, Images, GIF,etc.) of my timeline do not get fully loaded even though my broadband giving sufficient speed and it's loading properly when I switched to mobile Internet. Please do the needful. PS.: Once the issue is resolved I will change my review to 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟",25 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
294,Aaron Simner,"January 21, 2023","Poorly run, takes up way more space than it should and they are actively working to make the app as unappealing as possible with garbage decisions like the 'For You' tab that you can't escape from. I don't want to see a load of random trash tweets. I want to see the tweets of people I follow. Let me remove this tab or at least let me make my following tab the default one. Twitter isn't going to last much longer and it's a real shame. It used to be alright",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
295,vinay thakur,"February 19, 2023","App is not responding most of the time , don't refresh feed automatically and if I try still it's doesn't refresh. My app is fully updated and I have also tried uninstall install thing . Still the problem is same . Using OnePlus 10pro with Android 13 update",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
296,Hendriko FK,"February 13, 2023","The loading is super slow, especially while opening video. I thought my internet is slow, but when I open YouTube on HD it is smooth. It has been three days, the loading still occured.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
297,John Collins,"January 21, 2023","the ""For You"" version of the feed is incredibly annoying. I don't care if it exists, but for the app to default to a feed full of people I DON'T follow instead of the ones I DO is just infuriating. I dunno. overall, pretty reprehensible since the Little St James emerald mine man bought it.",28 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
298,A A,"February 9, 2023","The app sucks, i used to think Instagram was a bad app that was poorly designed and badly managed and build AWFUL but somehow this app since the new owner took over it has gone to the ground and even deeper, it has a HUNDRED issues, once one is solved three more stop working, it's slow, it barely works, and if i could give it less than one star i would because it doesn't even deserve anyone's time. It's simply the worst app out there.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
299,Deion B,"February 6, 2023",The app no longer gives the option to Direct Message from someone's page. I have to go into my browser just to initiate a conversation. This wasn't the case a few months ago,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
300,Dorette DuP-S,"February 15, 2023","On Feb 1st 2020 I rated Twitter 5 🌟 STARS as my favorite app. Today I downgrade it to 2 unfortunately. Changes like the TikTok-like FOR YOU tab being Default! changes the heart of Twitter to see content chronologically from people and accounts I CHOOSE to follow - not recommended or promoted. I am seeing way too many posts from accounts I DO NOT FOLLOW. Please roll back. Also, prioritise the best addition to Twitter in years - TwitterSpaces. Had an Amazing development team!",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
301,Ofentse Mokwana,"January 25, 2023",4 star because it can be better! A little processing issues... Could use with a minute voice recording feature for status update... think that would be fun and radical... how we control the audio feature will become intense however it can be manageable. I'll post some more 💡 later in my experience.,14 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
302,AJ Singkit,"January 10, 2023",The video player since last week is buggy. I play a video and frames starts to freeze but there is audio that also gets cut off. Sometimes videos. Also go very fast (like being fast forwarded),82 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
303,Citrine The Corgi,"February 18, 2023","Twitter is a fun way to connect with people online and have a community, but it is really irritating when the app doesn't work. Currently I can't follow anyone or make new tweets, and my Likes constantly glitch and undo the likes that I left on a tweet. I'm not sure if I'm shaddowbanned or if the app is just being buggy but if I was restricted, then I should be notified on why.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
304,Tamara Tolliver,"January 24, 2023","I updated my Twitter app today, and now I am locked out of my account for suspicious activity. When I logged into the browser, apparently, that works. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and received an ""opps something went wrong message."" This is ridiculous, I am not hacking my own account. I logged out of the browser, and now I can not get in that way either. Do not update the app...",31 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
305,emmanuel Joshua,"February 8, 2023",The new update for Android users has no direct message box. Making It damn annoying not being able to send direct messages. I hope y'all make an adjustment to this or else I'll be leaving the bird app for good,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
306,A.C. Creations Film Studios,"January 21, 2023",Not reliable in service for anybody whether you pay or not. Many times you can't log on at all. This site is getting worse with each passing day. Very disappointed. I suggest using Facebookk or LinkedIn to talk to friends and co workers. I would give it 0 stars if I could. It's really that bad! The new Twitter crew doesn't know what they're doing and it shows. They all should be fired too!,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
307,Arash Khademian,"January 20, 2023",Hi dear Twitter! After the last update Twitter app has two default tabs in our timeline: For You and Following. I just wanna say it's not quite handy and the previous star on the top right corner was better to use. Also when somebody wants to pin a list on his/her timeline that would be a bad look in the app.,130 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
308,Ann Cath,"December 14, 2022","Worst app EVER!! What the hell is wrong with this app, I tried to sign in cause I don't have a formal account, but whenever I put in my email address or phone number it keeps on writing ""please enter a valid email"" or it'll write ""Please enter a valid phone number"" I haven't even yet signed into Twitter and I already hate it. Like can you please explain why it kept on writing that cause it is really annoying!",58 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
309,amber,"January 13, 2023","Before I went to sleep, everything with the app was fine, but I woke up to do so usual scrolling through my timeline and now I can't even open the app! It crashes after a few second of opening it every single time. What is going on???",23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
310,Rob Thompson,"January 20, 2023","I've used most a lot of the third party apps (which now no longer work) and they all absolutely embarras this hunk of burning trash. ""For you"" no one wants this. May as well be called ""for everyone but you"" Just tweets from whom we follow, in chronological order, resuming where we left off. That is all we want, not this hot mess of trash. One star because zero isn't an option.",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
311,Jose Magadan,"February 8, 2023","Was a Twitter lover till I can't even send a message anymore, tried on the app and the browse and it will not do it. Absolutely ridiculous, can't message the help team because I can't send messages. FIX IT!!!!!",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
312,Greg Kreis,"November 11, 2022","It feels a little like a cluge, but the latest update removed the button to mute sound on videos. It was always too small and too difficult to press without selecting the video, but now there isn't one and so sound stays on. This thing needs to be redesigned from the ground up. I just feel like whatever I stumble across is what I get. It's hard to figure out how to navigate it reliably or find things again once you moved away from them. Not intuitive.","8,812 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
313,Caz Thomson,"September 21, 2022","I use this all the time and it's generally good, but a couple of annoying things have popped up lately. If I am watching a video and I like it while watching, the sound goes off and won't come back. And, if I try to tap on the response to a tweet in a thread and miss the link with my fat finger it goes right back to the beginning of the whole thread, which if you are deep into it, is extremely annoying.","4,187 people found this review helpful",4,twitter
314,Клабисот,"October 21, 2022","For a long time there is still bad image saving, that won't save the image unless it fully loads on screen. All normal applications are saving images when you press that button waiting when it loads fully, but there you need to press ""save"" like 20 times getting ""image could not be saved"" because you won't know if you can do it yet. The most annoying thing, yet, the easiest thing to fix. Lazy?","5,034 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
315,Elanarmd,"October 7, 2022","I've had problems with videos for years. Sometimes I'll tap on a video and it'll say ""Playback Error"", and not play at all. Other times it will play, but when I hit the back button, it will continue to play on repeat until I close out of the app. Nothing other than that can stop it. Although I use Twitter every day, media is a huge part of this app's experience, so I can't see myself rating this any higher.","1,456 people found this review helpful",3,twitter
316,Tyler Roth (Tyler Joseph Roth),"January 18, 2023",Just when I begin to take a liking to Twitter I am let down. The manner in which ideas are distributed thus obsorbed by the end consumer is contagious- the utility is friendly but the apps liability lacks dependability. I will begin to respond to a tweet (I have a spin on any thought shared that intrigues me) & 1 or 2 out of 10 times I will type out the first word and the app freezes thus resulting in me having to close the app out & reopen it just resulting in this being done multiple times!UGG,6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
317,00 00,"December 29, 2022","Direct messages don't show up for some people in your inbox. No matter how many times I rebooted this app and my phone, this didn't change. I had to switch to the browser. Horribly buggy, glitchy app.",26 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
318,Mobinur Rahaman,"January 6, 2023","It provides the worst experience that have ever seen. I recently updated my profile details with profile picture. Suddenly, my account got suspended. After filing an appeal, it was said that it was mistakenly suspended by bot. After that, I tried to open another account for business, it sent OTP after 15-20 minutes. In the meanwhile I tried 2-3 times. After that it is showing - ""We cannot currently register this email"".",32 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
319,Continental Champ,"January 31, 2023","Can't login. ""Something isn't right. Try your request again later."" Uninstalling and reinstalling doesn't work, restarting phone doesn't work, clearing app cache doesn't work. What a joke.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
320,ilknur,"February 9, 2023","The app doesn't even let me login to begin with. There is an incredible need for Twitter in our country right now and we can't even log in. Please do something about this, we have to use the browser when we could use the app. I'm begging you please fix this problem.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
321,Jo S,"December 24, 2022",Glitches a lot. Updates appear randomly and functionality appears and disappears. Timeline is full of stuff I'm not interested in but the algorithm thinks I should be. If the app was a person you would help them seek medical aid to stablise them.,37 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
322,Mari (KC),"January 12, 2023","Lack of customer service is astonishing , and my notifications haven't been working for months. I don't get QRT or mentions notifications . Removing moments was stupid , I can go on and on about the inconviences and the utter shambles this app has been in for a while, more than what I like about the app",23 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
323,Paul Junior Kasseyet,"December 19, 2022","App's been crashing for 3 days. It has never crashed before in 8 years of using it, it's been crashing constantly now for 3 days. How long will it take you to fix this? Sad to watch the blue bird agonising, really sad.",27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
324,Andrew Humphries,"January 25, 2023","I'm only using this app because 3rd party apps have started to be blocked by Twitter on a widespread basis with little to no warning or useful explanation. Numerous features I had got used to with those apps are no longer possible, and this app adds a bunch of useless clutter. Its sad to see what has come of this service recently and I can only hope that this app improves and potentially takes ideas from those ""banned"" apps, but I'm doubtful that Twitter truly care any more.",13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
325,Jason Meader,"January 25, 2023","Horrible after recent updates. My feed used to be in a relatively decent order once you clicked on the stars and switched it from popular posts. Now the time stamps are anywhere from minutes to days old and in a random jumbled mess. I think I'm interacting with a recent tweet at the top of my feed only to find out that it's almost a day old. Also, the notifications are useless. Not only are they lagged but you get phantom notifications after you just cleared them.",26 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
326,Toasty,"December 19, 2022","Latest update sucks, I can't ever change my pfp without it being an actual photo I took with my camera and even after that it gets stuck again and won't let me change it. It'll show that it's changed but when I go to edit it, it will just be the picture before. I hate this app",51 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
327,Ian Shelvey,"January 9, 2023",The app keeps crashing... I have to delete storage in the app settings before the app will work again. I have had to do this around 10-15 times since the beginning of December. Please fix the error which is causing this it makes the app largely unuseable,16 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
328,Burak Bölük,"October 12, 2022","New UI is terrible. Videos start playing even if one pixel of it is visible on the screen. When we open videos, double tapping likes them. Previously, this was forwars/backward. Changing the behavior of an existing function is a terrible product decision. And sound keeps playing sometimes even if the video is not on the screen anymore. Just horrible.","3,989 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
329,Arshad Shabbir,"December 23, 2022","The latest update sucks. The app crashes, when I try to retweet or reply. It keeps crashing again & again. I tried clearing the cache and all stuff people normally do in such conditions, but nothing works. It's become nerve-breaking. Kindly fix it ASAP.",57 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
330,Anthony G,"January 31, 2023","Used to be nice, been extremely buggy and inconsistent since Musk took over. The issues occur on the website as well, so it seems likely the service itself is at fault, not just the app.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
331,Dimitri Galdava,"December 14, 2022",Time to update my review. Not much has changed in terms of technology. App still has tons of bugs. Any time I go to DMs I see my old messages still in pending state. Or even if I'm writing first time to a person there is already some text in the message section.,26 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
332,Vivi B,"December 20, 2022","Twitter is really going downhill lately. The fact you need to pay money just to be heard in a poll (despite is all getting ads and generating revenue all the same) is a major downside, as are issues like unclear leadership, features and rules being implemented and then immediately backtracked on... It's unclear where this app is going but it's clear it's nowhere good.",40 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
333,Francis I.C.,"January 11, 2023","I dislike that they've returned to cropped images and that they've taken away the ability to create and manage moments. I've now taken off auto updates to try to prevent the next update I've been seeing around. I don't want a ""for you"" or ""following"" page. I've already curated my feed for me. Also, the app consistently resets me to ""home tweets"" without me ever choosing to see ""home tweets"" instead of ""latest tweets"". Another thing I dislike is that blocked words only work on ""home tweets"".",16 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
334,Rajasekhar MA,"December 22, 2022","I am not sure if it has something to do with samsung mobiles or its an issue with the twitter app itself, Right from a couple of weeks the twitter app crashes frequently. Irritatingly frequent number of times the app crashes without allowing me to either load tweets or compose one.",25 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
335,Lionel Sibanda,"February 10, 2023","previously had to restart my entire account after twitter locked me out and deleted my old account after I changed countries even after I contacted customer service countless times. the app itself I'm very happy with, I get to see the exact type of tweets I want to come across and a smooth user experience across the board.",361 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
336,CHAI,"January 27, 2023","all those recent changes are infuriating. views are absolutely useless. there was no point in making them so prominent, for nobody cares about how many views their tweets have. the new timeline is also annoying. i think most people just wanna see recent tweets and not random ones that the algorithm THINKS we would like to see. the app is also very buggy. i can no longer see the dm button on my mutuals' profiles for some reason. it's been like this for two days.",15 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
337,Savannah Mann,"December 13, 2022",So many bugs now... Hard to interact at all with others. Features that once worked fine are now freezing the site with no explanation about whether they're experiencing technical difficulty or if the feature has been removed and the public simply hasn't been informed,41 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
338,Jay Tee,"December 21, 2022","Twitter is horrible. I opened an account to watch the Elon Musk show, and have decided to delete Delete my account. I've been trying to do this for over 24 hours now and all the app does is send me in a circle back to a page where they are trying to get my phone number that's which I'm not giving them. I've emailed support over half a dozen times about this and haven't heard anything back.",24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
339,Patrícia Bernardo,"February 8, 2023","Lmao now tweets won't post. Guess firing the REAL engineers was a bad idea! Buggy and way too many ads, videos autoplay with sound from just scrolling for a second by them, insane crashes, it keeps getting worse and worse",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
340,Williams Blackie,"February 9, 2023","This App was better in 2022, I don't see the topics in my feeds again, now my feeds is just filled with post I am not interested in, also seeing a particular user posts all the time is becoming tiresome. What ever happened to the topics post after the trends for you section, When I tap the search icon?",20 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
341,Jess Springall,"February 2, 2023",It use to be ok but now it is terrible. Ability to message keeps changing on android the circle search function doesn't function at all. Honestly it went downhill with Musk.,6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
342,Chris Knights,"February 8, 2023","This is the only ""Social Media"" platform I use. Despite having an excellent WiFi connection, suddenly my 'posts' are failing. Dunno if I've somehow upset/offended the Twitter ""Bigwigs"". Hoping somebody reaches out to address this unexpected issue but as I'm not famous, I expect NOTHING.",5 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
343,Gabriela S.,"February 9, 2023","Twitter is chaotic since this new guy is behind it. Paid acc verification? Tweet limit? Bugs everywhere and all the time. I've been using twitter for years and now it's a terrible place to be for longer than 5 minutes, not to mention the uninteresting promoted tweets and the newest ""for you"" page to compete with other social media apps.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
344,Helena Voigt,"February 8, 2023","So, the app just BROKE. We can't follow anyone, can't tweet anything, as if I've hit some sort of daily limit, even though I haven't tweeted ANYTHING today now followed ANYONE. It's just unbelievable, if this limit thing continues, I don't see a reason to keep using twitter at all",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
345,Quin Loyvid,"February 12, 2023",Please change the fact that we can only used out phone number ones. I had to make a different account be in just to talk to people after getting an account that had my phone number in it suspended. I can't unlock my account because of it. Please change this and make it easier for people who forget or have suspended accounts have the ability to easily get back into their account.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
346,Kathryn Brightbill,"January 31, 2023","This app is becoming increasingly unusable. It keeps taking away elements I actually use in order to force users into using features that are poorly thought out and badly designed. Things break at random, and it's not fun anymore.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
347,alestbllo,"January 28, 2023","I've been using the app for years now and recently loading photos n videos are taking too long. The for you n following tabs are unecessary too from the recent update. Stop trying too much with these extra features, just maintain the existing ones.",15 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
348,David Coen,"January 27, 2023","Some good aspects, but overall poor. 1. Twitter does not consult its users regarding changes. Case in point: the recent ""two timelines"", whereby the user has one ""for you"" timeline, consisting of recommendations and other people's likes, and a ""following"" timeline, which consists of only the tweets from the accounts the user follows. IT IS AN EYESORE. 2. Twitter support is lacklustre. 3. Many many users on Twitter are evidently posting things merely for public approval, or ""clout"" as they say.",11 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
349,James Patrick Renn Jumawan,"February 6, 2023","It seems Twitter has removed the Direct Message button for all its Android users. This is the most useless update they have done so far, and they have done a lot of that in the past few weeks. What was the point of this update? Do you want even more people to uninstall your app?",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
350,Raied Afzal,"February 9, 2023",Absolutely the best out there unlike Instagram and Facebook. Every since the release of tiktoks all insta and fb have beening trying to replicate it insta has reels and Facebook also has some type of shorts. YouTube got YouTube shorts. And since twitter is more great instead of stupidity here we meet people and create great big communities. So I think twitter is the better one out of all and deserves #1 trending in social media platforms.,4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
351,Dee Abaver,"January 23, 2023","Exceptional experience. Twitter is easy to navigate and the interface is okay. Sometimes, it takes a while these days for comments being typed to display.",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
352,Devin Arthur,"December 30, 2022","Absolute garbage now. After you know who took over, the Android app constantly crashes, highlighted text is blacked out, randomly fails to send tweets... Please hire back some Android developers. The iOS version has none of these problems.",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
353,Soke Rampage,"December 26, 2022",Constantly am recommended to follow politicians even tho they are under my blocked list they still show up. There is also the recent issue of images and videos loading very slowly no matter what I have for connection speed thats never happened before every other SM platform works just fine...sometimes,29 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
354,Darren Jalland,"December 19, 2022","Freezes every time I try to do anything. Crashes around half of those times. This app is now almost unusable. I guess when you fire most of your engineers the whole shooting match goes to hell, though.",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
355,Michael Ingles,"February 14, 2023","Endless trash, seldom ever can I say I've had a positive experience using Twitter. Of course now we all know the new owner has absolutely no idea what he's doing and is actively making that experience worse. Would not recommend anyone keep this app downloaded on their device",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
356,Vipul Sharma,"January 27, 2023",I am not been able to create an account by using my email id or my phone number. And it is also showing that my email id has been already used for creating an account but I have not created any account earlier before in your app. I want to know why this is happening and why I am getting all this errors. Please solve the issues as soon as possible and I am very very disappointed by this issues.,9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
357,wenwei,"February 17, 2023","the videos are super laggy and they skip like a whole 10sec on their own. even when i try to replay the vid, twitter would skip the same few seconds, despite my connection being v stable, the video would lag there (wont even go past that lag even after i restart my phone) new update removed twitter emojis so now emojis are according to device emojis which are ugly please bring back my twitter emojis.",27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
358,Thunderhop Games,"December 20, 2022","Bots, bots, bots, and more bots following me constantly. Blatant racism, misinformation, disinformation, and general hatefulness shown on the home page and recommended to me. Also lots of bugs including but not limited to replies not showing up, page refreshing randomly, and delayed or nonexistent alerts on replies.",28 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
359,Royce Miller,"September 2, 2022","This app is frustrating as heck. When you're scrolling through your timeline, it will randomly shoot off to a whole different part of the timeline. When you search for past posts you made, half the time, they won't appear. When you ""leave"" a conversation, it won't even let you comment on that post again. And when you just want to send an email to Twitter's support team asking about these issues, there's no contact info. Just endless screens that circle back on each other.","2,262 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
360,Jon Dupuy (Jonny y0),"December 29, 2022","MAN WHERE DO I START. Last few updates BROKE Twitter. My TL on any accounts I have, barely work. Some get replies, likes and rt notifications, whilst other's get nothing, including Quote Retweets. This has been a problem for a while now, and, things with the updates have not gotten fixed. I shouldn't have to wipe all my data on the app for something like this to fix. Fix this mess for (in case it helps) Galaxy S22 on Android 13.",51 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
361,Muhammad Shahbaz,"January 2, 2023",The worst app ever I had seen.I have been trying to create an account for two days but I couldn't. Everytime they ask to enter the OTP but they didn't send it to me. Twice I got it but on entering they asked for some problem and I had to try again.,18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
362,Narendra Greza Nawangga,"January 15, 2023",The latest update seems to make the app lag considerably while attempting to post any photos. I have to stay in one page for a set amount of time until the tweet is posted. It really slows me down.,26 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
363,Mark Banner,"January 21, 2023",More bad user experience. Rather than having a simple button a quarter of the screen is now taken up with the header and the useless for you view. Also still with the distracting blue new tweets indicator. Do yourself a favour and join mastodon or a different social network instead.,145 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
364,Tinku Starlight,"January 30, 2023","If it ain't broken DON'T TRY TO FIX IT! Twitter used to be my go-to, lately it's the last app I'll consider opening. The for you/following NO ONE ASKED FOR. The disappearance of the topics I follow and am interested in and would *actually* like to see. The nonsensical non-chronological timeline. Nobody asked. Nobody wanted it. Excellent way to WRECK a platform fam. This SUCKS crusty dusty non-washed disgusting hairy b*lls. Dammit. Gimme back the app I loved!!",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
365,Steven Heywood,"December 16, 2022",Twitter used to technically work OK but increasingly the feed and notification functions are randomly broken and there's a lot of stuff appearing in both that appears to be imposed by the algorithms rather than by any of the connections I've made by following other users. Too much of this new content is material I would have reported as hate speech. (There's not a lot of point in my reporting it if Twitter's actively pushing it my way.),27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
366,Cornbeef Brisket,"December 17, 2022",App is getting better. I like that you can zoom in on photos better now and the overall interface is better. Let me long press on images to share or save and it would be better.,25 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
367,King Sturg,"January 31, 2023","You get to choose who to follow and what notifications to receive but for some reason they've decided to ignore all that and introduced a ""for you"" thread AND it defaults to it when you open the app even after the update. Time to go.",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
368,hollowご飯,"January 23, 2023","For you page is not useful. Besides being unaesthetic, I find no use in two timelines of absolutely the same thing, at least we should have a feature that make it optional. Focus in fixing dm bugs and others instead, please.",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
369,elbeppi “Elbeppi”,"January 29, 2023","The app has gotten everyday worse ever since Elon Musk took over. It's become a mess full with his own propaganda and it's harder and harder to keep in touch with your friend and your own interests. If you are thinking of making a twitter account I just beg you to skip this one and download instead an alternative app like Tumblr, Hive or Mastodon. Thanks","4,429 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
370,jet tanate,"January 12, 2023","this app used to have good changes but since november 2022 it's been so unusable and not user-friendly. the notifs don't even work properly. it's just bad change after bad change and the latest is the ""for you"" page and the awful comeback of the twitter crop. twitter has become so anti-user it's just very annoying to use. (and i have to set my phone not to automatically download app updates so i don't get new twitter updates. it's so bad. pls. fix.)",16 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
371,Gloria Baker,"January 27, 2023","I literally hate this, okay so this is what happened, I changed my age, thinking nothing of it, but a couple seconds later, I got logged out, and I cannot log back in, and when I try to log back in by looking at these yt videos of how to log back in, and how to change my age, it still won't let me, even when I've done everything, curse this app and the YouTube videos that does not help at all, im crying rn, all the posts I've made before, now it was all for nothing, they lucky that I gave one⭐️",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
372,Rachmadin Zharif Rifandi,"February 9, 2023","The ads are getting too annoying, the following limit is too constricting, questionable updates keeps piling, and the UI is confusing. Seems like you don't know what you are doing, Elon.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
373,Sylvia Kou,"January 20, 2023","Used to be my fave app but it's getting worse day by day. Videos would stop playing but the audio would continue playing. I also got banned for no reason. Twitter is my safe space to interact with others from all around the world over a common topic of interest, but now I've lost all of it. You've ruined it for me. You've taken away my safe space...",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
374,Gregory Oh,"January 28, 2023",I hate that you can't set it to display latest tweets permanently. It will stay for a while and revert to an algorithmic selection from accounts you don't even follow. Stop it already. EDIT: NOW LATEST VERSION IS WORSE!,39 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
375,A Google user,"January 21, 2023","The latest changes that force the user to look at what an algorithm thinks you should see rather than those you follow is just strange. That the blue spot on the home icon that indicates new tweets in your feed also uses the ""For you"" feed as a trigger is just frustrating.",66 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
376,Ifiok Ukosen,"December 27, 2022","Hi Twitter. i am a ware a few iterations can be made. Please I suggest the impressions icon be taken to the bottom left corner while the other features remain like it used to be. People are hooked to the old format. Like stated earlier, a suggestion.",18 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
377,Rengganis Ridwan Heru Santoso,"February 18, 2023","Annoyed with this ""you may like"" tweets that are showing up too often and pretty much irrelevant. Edit: it's more bearable now. Edit: paywall to use twitter API is not necessary. Edit: Text 2FA only for Blue user? I don't like how features are locked behind paywall.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
378,Irving Simonin,"January 23, 2023","I've been a Twitter user for 10+ years. I used to use twitdeck back in the day until they killed it (Android version). I've been using the official app since then, and the push for algorithmic ordering just makes my blood boil. This week they closed down third party access to the API, effectively sitting down while companies in the process. And they put this algorithm garbage as default again, so I'm just tired. Perhaps I'll download again. I don't know.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
379,Grim Heathen,"February 6, 2023",Not a bad app. But the ads during stories are badly placed. It be nice to hear the complete sentence before being interrupted by adds.,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
380,Yunisse V,"February 12, 2023","this new update is a nightmare to get used to. no one enjoys the ""for you"" tab, and the ""following"" tab is redudant. i prefer seeing tweets in real time over what the algorithm thinks i want to see; i'd like that to come back over whatever this is.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
381,Adrian Cox,"November 2, 2022","App lacks basic functionality. The ""back"" button frequently malfunctions and causes the app to close every time it's touched. You are unable to go back to profiles you've been to before as there is no way of viewing history of past browsing. A really frustrating experience. This app was designed by a teenager in their bedroom for about £800, you'd think Twitter could actually spend some money on it.","4,961 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
382,Emma Rand,"December 20, 2022","Used to be good, but has been breaking over the past several weeks. It sends me double push notifications, there is always either a 1/2 message notification bubble over my DMs despite having no unread messages, sometimes I have to visit my notifications several times to get the number to get the unread bubble to go away, random logos are appearing on twitters that should not have those logos, and it's becoming hard to retweet things as number of retweets on a post are not displayed. Please fix.",28 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
383,Penny Etemadi,"February 3, 2023","The platform's general pattern and appearance are a little bit confusing and complicated, otherwise, I enjoy the app and its features.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
384,Aaron Peters,"February 11, 2023","The update that added a ""For you"" page means that account's tweets i follow no longer show up in the ""Following"" page. I now have to scroll through tweets from accounts i don't want to see in the ""For you"" page (its not for me) so that i can see tweets from accounts i follow. This new system doesn't work.",5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
385,Philip Getsinger,"February 16, 2023",This app has major issues this year. It seems everyday something different isn't working correctly. It ran way smoother with the previous owner. 👎,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
386,Adebayo Fajobi,"January 7, 2023","Nice app, keeps one abreast of latest informations. Except recently, I haven't been able to receive notifications despite necessary phone settings. I am receiving notifications on a new phone now. A dependable companion.",29 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
387,Steve,"January 23, 2023","I was forced to switch to the official Twitter client app from a far superior third party app, and now a lot of tweets are missing from my timeline. Things are not shown in proper order, I can't disable inline photos on the timeline to save space, can't do anything anymore, or see my news feed in chronological order. Twitter has been ruined by Muskox. What a parasite.",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
388,Tom Leibovich,"January 27, 2023","During scrolling, new posts pop in the middle and push other posts down. So when you're starting to read something it suddenly disappears and you see it again after a frw minutes. Super annoying. Didn't find where to report bugs.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
389,Divay Bishnoi,"January 26, 2023",I've been using Twitter since 4 years. It was working smoothly but now I'm having issues like my feed does not load at all nowadays. Sometimes suddenly it loads and refreshes like normal but rest of the times it doesn't. Please fix it.,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
390,Brooke Ligon,"January 20, 2023","This latest update is horrible. There was no need to add a ""for you"" and ""following"" tab. I like being able to see the latest tweets without having to select a separate tab to do so. Stop trying to be like tiktok.",28 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
391,drey,"January 3, 2023","The app is okay, but I don't like the fact that I'm not able to use my phone number for my multiple accounts. I have 3 accounts and they always get locked so I have to put my phone number in them, but only one account can have my phone number because for some reason you can't use it for multiple accounts, it's honestly so tiring and dumb.",16 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
392,Nanu َ,"December 19, 2022",the translate button has been horrible after the last update !! I've been getting scared to update my twitter recently because of all the drawbacks whenever I do! I use the translate button very frequently and now it doesn't work for me as before with 80% of the time showing me error and no translation,24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
393,prince tkay nkosi,"December 14, 2022",I hate the fact that I have to press on a link just to view a pic or video. The old way was better where when you opened the app you could just see everything now you have to open that video or pic which sometimes either takes time or that pic/video is s boring or something horrible,31 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
394,Ben Manning,"January 26, 2023","This app has slowly gotten worse over time, personally don't want to see the views on every single tweet, yet I can't turn it off, I only want to see my followers on my feed, can't set that as default I have 2 notifications? I can only see 1 after forcing the notification page to refresh SEVERAL TIMES And you expect me to pay to edit a tweet? Nah, this app is a joke",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
395,Patricia Renner,"January 2, 2023","I have been a fan of Twitter since I was introduced to it when my oldest (out of 4) son was in high school. It kept me informed on all my interest when raising 4 boys and extra time was non-existent. Also kept me updated on the latest trends in hair styles, etc. being a Cosmetologist. Now that they have all flew the nest, it helps with my husband's sports card trading hobby! 💯",47 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
396,Nuella Brown,"December 28, 2022","So I've finally gotten my account back. Thanks for fixing the bug but now there's another one. Every time I try to send a tweet, it doesn't send. And I won't know about it until I go into my drafts and see it there. It's happened multiple times for two consecutive days now. Please fix.",24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
397,Atang Biyela,"December 26, 2022","This latest version has too many glitches. I can't tweet without the app freezing. The pinned ads are annoying, and the view counts are genuinely unnecessary. What the hell is happening to this app???",29 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
398,Amar Kamble,"February 14, 2023",I don't know what happened with the app but nowadays I am not able to retrieve the tweets and not able to read the threads while using mobile data. I am able to retrieve or read tweets only while using Wi-Fi. Please fix this ASAP.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
399,Jackson Bowman,"December 12, 2022","Recent updates have included some truly baffling changes that no one asked for and dont make sense. Why are there now two ""verified"" check marks? Makes it very hard to tell now when an account is run by a real person or if it is someone impersonating them as a joke. I cannot imagine ever wanting to pay to advertise on a site where it is so hard to tell which accounts are legitimate.",42 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
400,Carl Cremona,"February 4, 2023","God awful app that I cant access straight through my phone without going through the store. Ugly UI, buggy as it comes, and I no longer get notifications from direct messages.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
401,A B,"January 28, 2023","The only update to the app that matters; Musk is no longer is charge, or makes decisions, or offers ideas. Everything else is like a Tesla; it may look nice, but eventually it will explode. Glad he brought that sink in on his first day. He, indeed, sunk Twitter. Easy to see why it is now 4th, and sliding down more and more.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
402,Ken Williams,"January 7, 2023","I hate it when you look at a thread, go back to your timeline and go to go to the thread underneath it but the whole thing refreshes and there is something new underneath. It's a timeline! New stuff up top, if you refresh it with the button it should refresh, the rest is a line of threads.. like a timeline. You shouldn’t have to choose between two threads in case one disappears!",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
403,Chiquitha Tiara Fithiadi Sedjati,"December 29, 2022","please lose the engagement view bar. i dont need to see my engagement all the time, let alone PEOPLE'S ENGAGEMENT??? very weird design very confusing. i literally makes it hard to read the tweets, the graph is very distracting.",22 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
404,Blase Zinck,"December 24, 2022","Really terrible as of late. Hate speech is seemingly allowed now (it has dramatically increased as of late, and reports seemingly do nothing. I always get a message back from Twitter Support saying the Tweet did not violate any policies), features people enjoyed or used are gone (they removed the suicide prevention feature??), and new unwanted things are being added (view counts are not needed or wanted). It's just not what Twitter has always been.",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
405,marie bernadette bartolome,"January 1, 2023",I love this app but recently it has been having lots of issues like the app is always crashing and the posts of others are not loading. It was better before the updates honestly. I hope they can fix the bugs. Sucks since a lot of people is using it.,17 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
406,PRK Jewelry,"December 28, 2022","I can't tweet anymore - can't type in the tweet it freezes up. Or I get a black screen. I'm an Android user, but this also happens on my laptop. My app is up to date, browser up to date. Very frustrating.",21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
407,John Harris,"December 26, 2022","The app works almost as well as it has always done when I last used it a few years ago, that I can tell at least. The main differences now is that Twitter now enforces and applies its Terms of Service more evenly, fairly, and openly. That and the ""CP"" appears to be cleaned off the site. So over all, a recommend.",17 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
408,no andno,"February 2, 2023","Can't view tweets in order which defeats purpose of it. Open app, see similar string of the same several tweets, close app. Each time. This is lowering user engagement since we're only seeing repeated, old info in our feeds",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
409,wanderlust_ Sope,"January 12, 2023","Absolute garbage. It's clearly trying to be something it's not while ignoring actual problem the app and site have. It's overrun with undesirable people who were once banned rightfully, the owner is extremely unstable, constantly tweeking thing on a whim, with no real idea how any of it works. Many other things could be said, but that would take all day. I hope serious advertisement companies high tail it outta there and never look back.",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
410,Annemarie May,"January 11, 2023","Only installed it now that ownership has changed and because it has many interesting, pretty passionate members and some previously excluded ones are now allowed back in. But mainly because it is less politically correct that other social media, not as boring. There is some moderation and censorship, as there needs to be. I'm new to Twitter. Trouble editing my posts, to fix spelling, typo errors etc. Otherwise, it's fine. An $8 fee will ""verify"" you,for preference over others. That's OK by me.",32 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
411,Farah H Adriani,"January 20, 2023","Idk why but twitter rn is loaded with things WE don't need. The first is triple tabs in mention alone and now 2 timelines??? I like the way I could change my timeline from suggested into time-based. But now I can't turn the 'For You' tab off which is worse! I don't need suggestions for my timeline, I only wanna see my following tweets! A bit of suggestion: add a button to turn features off. Please",36 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
412,John M.,"February 18, 2023","A whole bunch of new little problems with this app are making it not so fun to use, not to mention some of the problems are deliberate. Edit: Now you need to pay for Twitter blue for 2 factor authentication... Twitter wants it's users to pay for security that the majority of websites offer for free...",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
413,Thio,"January 15, 2023","Stop with the 'you might like' or suggesting some random topics, i don't like it. It doesn't even correlated with what I'm interested in, it's getting annoying at this point. It might be a good feature if only they match with the topic I'm interested in, please more focused on that than suggesting random tweet and expecting me to like it",96 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
414,Louise M,"January 5, 2023","It's OK, but not as good as it used to be. Constant spam follows from bots, no feedback when you report and block, less sensitive algorithm resulting in seeing more junk in my timeline. Considering deleting my account, honestly. If you're not on it already, I'd go elsewhere.",17 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
415,SandyBeach,"February 5, 2023","Has anyone noticed that in spaces the emoji menu is gone when i try to send a private emoji to a person, after i click their icon? Maybe it doesn't work anymore for me? Any help would be appreciated. Thx.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
416,Lisye Marcya,"January 11, 2023","SUCH A DOWNGRADE. Also I don't know what reason that my account keeps getting locked even though I don't do anything, when I wanted to unlock, it's going to error round and round with BUNCH of reasons. Can't expect more with this apps. Used to love it, and now I'm freaking hate it. What application is it really difficult to verify?",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
417,Spencer,"February 4, 2023",The app has been super buggy for the past few months. I can't even DM my friends because the UI is broken. If you don't already have Twitter I would recommend looking somewhere else for social media. I used to like this the app too... Sad..,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
418,Mohammad Ahmad,"February 12, 2023","I have been using Twitter since 2009 , it's been a decade with changes reflecting the changing times. Edit : please remove the tabs, for you and following. It's very impractical. Bring back the old interface",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
419,Ezenwa Samuel Bryan,"December 5, 2022","The new method of videos playing has got to be one of the worst and most annoying I've seen on any social media app. Why do I have to tap on the play button before it starts, also I'm pretty sure no one asked for recommended videos; the fact that picture-in-picture mode and double tap to skip were substituted for all these is so unnecessary.","4,215 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
420,bene,"January 7, 2023","so many bugs. way too many promoted ads and topics on the timeline, very annoying. still can't check/open the updates of my reports and now the built-in translate function doesn't work. MUTE THE WORDS AND ACCS THAT I'VE MUTED.",543 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
421,Richard Crouch,"February 1, 2023",The new updates are garbage. Cant even message new ppl without getting on the computer. Also now impossible to set the feed to chronological order. Twitter is getting more difficult to use.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
422,Umbrae Soulsbane,"January 20, 2023","Twitter as a service is a whole thing in and of itself. This app however truly sucks. They had to force competitors out of the API it was so bad and now they force an curated feed to users by default. You have to switch every time to your follows and the ""read"" dot won't got away without finishing the curated feed. Awful update. Leadership is headless and clueless.",13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
423,Gloom Slayer,"October 10, 2022","They keep adding updates that are fine, but don't make the app as functional as it could be. I want to download videos and gifs, and I'm very sure that many others do as well. The home page will just randomly refresh and because it works as a string of content, rather than showing you what you have not seen yet, if you want to see the posts towards the bottom of said homepage string you have to scroll for a long time. It would also be nice to have organization features for the people you follow","2,535 people found this review helpful",3,twitter
424,Zbot,"September 9, 2022","A recent update has completely, and I mean completely, broken Twitter for Pixel phones. Opening the app normally wi bring you to the home page, but nothing is loaded, and you aren't able to do anything. You are able to view the side bar, but as soon as you let go of it, it'll instantly hide again. Using the shortcuts works, kind of, but the homepage is unusable in this state. Seriously don't recommend until any way of fixing the issue is released.","5,856 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
425,Themreimung Longvah,"February 20, 2023",Twitter is not loading any new contents. It looks like it's crashing in India. I thought it was a network issue but all other apps works fine.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
426,Wilder Kikoboy,"January 31, 2023","With recent updates revoking many different features, I find it hard to continue to have this app. Although this remains the main space where I am able to view art, it definitely has been lacking.",7 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
427,Shannon Cousins,"February 11, 2023",The only problem I have is with the videos when I'm turning on the sound the vedio goes full screen and when I'm strolling down the video when it's on full screen is not the video that is under it you see your just see a random video from somewhere 😒 😑 😐,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
428,Alexander Kramer,"January 17, 2023","UI has been freezing a lot lately. If I follow someone, almost every time the whole app freezes and I need to force close the whole thing just to use the app at all after that.",12 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
429,daxter klein,"January 20, 2023","Don't like the current update on PC as well as on the app. I don't want to have a ""For You"" Tab, I don't need it. ESPECIALLY when it is the default tab, I hate it it's just more work by going to the section I want now. Unnecessary timeloss and annoyance. Bring the old layout back, all I want to see is from people I follow. I will look for new stuff myself, I don't need twitter to do it for me.",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
430,Miss McQueen,"February 15, 2023",Having a tabbed time line should be optional. Videos are very glitchy. Please do something to prevent porn or other completely unrelated tweets appearing in search results - just because you are happy to allow people to post videos spreading their butt cheeks doesn't mean everyone wants to see it. I reported multiple tweets encouraging the same person to take their own life & each one came back as not breaking Twitter rules. This app is a disaster.,297 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
431,Blake Hillawi,"February 12, 2023","Terrible messaging platform. Can't send gifs. And if you rotate the screen while watching a video, the audio is disabled.",47 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
432,Robin R Ricker,"February 5, 2023","Had Twitter back in the day, didn't like it. Reinstalled and I'm loving it. Hope other platforms like FB would follow suit. If not, I don't mind deleting them😂love how I can say what I want, almost😉but that's ok. Not everyone agrees so I like to read their responses as to why. Great learning tool I'd say.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
433,Mary Joy Paalan,"February 7, 2023","Still the problematic social media app I've ever know. Easily permanently suspends your account while bots are adamant, ever since Elon took over it has been worst. Always glitch. Pictures won't load up while other social media on my phone are fine. All in all. This app sucks.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
434,Mohammed Bashnain,"December 10, 2022",The new method of playing the videos is very annoying and inconvenient! The previous way of watching videos was good enough and easy for us to tap and watch.,26 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
435,PackWolf 445,"February 18, 2023","Ban pedophiles instead of those who seek to get rid of them (<--Old review). Above still stands, but also Elons acquisition of Twitter has made the app markedly worse. The UI is horrid, and he has the algorithm tweeked at a whim if he thinks he's not getting enough attention. Its become a platform to stroke his ego and nothing else. I'd recommend if you need to download the app for any reason, find a APK from December 2022, for your sanity",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
436,hurrayforanonyms,"January 28, 2023","Terrible since recent updates, forcing a 'for you' tab to open automatically every time you open the app, showing you useless junk you don't want to see instead of your feed.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
437,Sophie Chartrand,"January 22, 2023","It was alright when I first installed it, but ever since someone new bought it it's become almost unusable. The developers and management have confirmed they see but are ignoring popular complaints and it's very frustrating.",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
438,Trinity G,"December 23, 2022","the new ""views"" feature is irritating to see on all tweets and makes the timeline look too busy. it's awful and should be optional, or placed in the same area as it used to be with videos. bad decision from elon musk 👎",25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
439,Manu Baiju,"December 11, 2022",One of the best way you can experience the feeling of account being hacked . it's second time I am facing these issues.the twitter doesn't seems to be solving this issue.mine is a private account and turned on the the 2 factor authentication and have one of the best password and all notification are turned on but it doesn't work well. Shame twitter for creating these kind of privacy issues. To be honest with you nowadays twitter became useless.,59 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
440,Trey Langley,"February 3, 2023","Suspended twice within a week-span, the second time permanently. Can officially confirm it's all gone to hell folks. They perma-suspended for ""platform manipulation and spam"" when I did no such thing, and had been on the platform without any violations previous since February 2013. Ten years later and they obliterate my account. What a happy anniversary to me... I will *never* recommend Twitter or Twitter Blue to anyone.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
441,Kaydee,"December 25, 2022",could do with an update regarding tweets bookmarks and more. If i want to go to older tweets or bookmarks i have to continue scrolling for ages. After a while it just stops scrolling anyways. (Update) at this point you're ruining your own app ffs. I can't even see the people on the lists i make. First all my bookmarks genuinely can't be seen now I'm unable to see the people in my lists because of bs updates. Furthermore after you fullscreen a video on mobile it refreshes the whole page,31 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
442,Stefanie Rohricht,"January 30, 2023","UPDATE 3: Nothing about this app is enjoyable. Now requires manual loading to get new tweets to load (unless you're under the ""For You"" tab), notifications still don't clear when checked elsewhere, and everything the company has done has made the app and the platform worse. Use the mobile site. UPDATE 2: The app has become increasingly worse over the last two months. It's not worth using. NOTE: The original review and update 1 haven't been applicable for months and have been deleted.","4,323 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
443,janet burnap,"December 13, 2022",I love Twitter spaces. It is great getting news as it happens! Unfiltered and open discussion and interactions. It is like power to the people! I think people need free speech to say what they want but I am not obligated to listen. If it is offensive speech I can use the mute button. I get a noticed on a thread and can unmute if I am wanting to hear a specific point. Mr Musk is doing a phenomenal job he has a lot to sort out. It's moving in the right direction. Welcome to the new platform!,80 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
444,Tom Stephenson,"January 2, 2023","More and more crashes in recent weeks, it's been unusable on certain days. Has also started randomly refreshing and moving the timeline when trying to read it.",12 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
445,Charizze Alpechi,"October 31, 2022",I use this app a lot and it bothers me how profile pictures are pixelated as well as pictures on the timeline. You have to click on it and enlarge the picture to see it in HD. Checked it on mobile web and it was all good – no pixelation whatsoever. A bit buggy too in terms of audio from a previous video playing even though I'm already on a different tweet. Embedding videos are way harder now. I hope these can be fixed soon. :(,"1,675 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
446,Sean Gordon,"February 3, 2023","Honestly? I'm having the worst experience in this app for years now. Twitter pushes porn-bots to me on a daily basis, and it doesn't matter how many I block, they just keep coming. And complaining doesn't do anything to solve the issue and I'm just about to delete it all together",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
447,Aleks,"February 16, 2023",Completely and utterly broken. I follow 2000 people there's no reason for my feed to be empty.. but wait! Suddenly I don't follow ANYONE! maybe if the boss focused less on arguing with his engineers about why people don't like him the app would actually work.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
448,macromolecule,"February 13, 2023",Could you please bring back the feature where you can watch videos without clicking the video to turn on sounds. Like where i just click outside to turn on the sounds,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
449,Deo4515,"November 30, 2022","criticism I have is that the new update on the video feature is really annoying because I'm used to double tap left and right to move the video forward and backwards and slide up and down to stop watching, but now, any double click likes the video and sliding up changes to another video, it kept making me like videos accidentally and it's annoying to always click the button to leave the video only now, and the worst part is that this is the thing for most videos but not all of them.",285 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
450,David Munkhoff,"February 12, 2023",For the past two or three weeks the app has been very buggy. Reinstalling did not help. I finally deleted the app and just use the mobile website. The website works perfectly.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
451,Raven Maxfield,"January 21, 2023",Chronological option gone! Screw you Elon and team. The reason I hate Instagram is because of this! My OCD refuses to see random scattered posts an algorithm thinks is better! No! I want chronological so I can decide what I like!,12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
452,Wil Schweitzer,"December 19, 2022","In the past 3 or four days, when I try reply to a tweet, the app doesn't respond. The cursor stops blinking, I can't close the reply tab, or anything. I can only close the whole app.",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
453,Chelsea Fuller,"February 3, 2023","My account got limited, which is fine. This would normally mean I can look at Twitter, see posts, like things, but just not tweet or retweet. However the message telling me that I'm limited won't go away, making it impossible to even access my alt account. This is the same on both browser and the app.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
454,Naomi Pitargue,"January 29, 2023",Interface is filled with suggested and promoted tweets which I don't want to see. I also don't want to see replies of my friends to accounts that I don't follow. Bring back the use of third party apps because the official app is not user friendly.,4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
455,Matt Bittner,"January 24, 2023",The new Twitter 'Home' section is so ridiculous. I don't need a 'For You' tab and a 'Following' tab. The people I follow is what I want to see and I constantly have to switch to it because the For You tab is the default. I don't know why social media companies insist on changing things that were working and didn't need to be different.,8 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
456,Curtis Ray,"January 17, 2023","IS THERE ANY CHANCE OF LOOKING AT WHAT I LIKE?! NOT WHAT THEY THINK I LIKE, THIS IS FCT!🤬P.O.S. just keeps resetting every time I flip back from picture. Makes it pretty much useless when you keep starting the list over. Randomly takes back to the top whether you want to or not. I guess they're never gonna fix this problem. Highly dysfunctional POS💩. I 🤬 hate these now, lazy 💩! DO YOUR 🤬 JOBS!!! 🤬 GARBAGE!!!",33 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
457,sobti youssef,"January 16, 2023","Twitter's spaces drain battery life, also it would be nice if you rais the audio quality and add Spacial audio option like that at Clubhouse, not to mention, the DM section is very, very basic, i can't answer a specific message, i can't send audio messages and the emojis are of low quality compared to whatsapp, i don't get it, as a developer, is there a limitation to what you can do with an app? or is it a creative limitation you're facing?",6 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
458,Jeff Newton,"February 4, 2023",Updating app made my phone crash. Got it back after 4th attempt at reboot ! Now I see a lot of tweets from people I don't follow and some I'm sure I've read before. Is there any way to uninstall update without uninstalling Twitter as a whole ? Needs fixing.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
459,Ifaam,"December 19, 2022","The 2fa is not working. Whenever I enter any phone number, it just shows it's unsupported. I literally cannot access the account I just created. Which means its useless to even create an account. There is no response when I reported the issue as well. It's just useless",77 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
460,hamster butt,"December 24, 2022","you removed a useless feature (showing which the device the tweet came from) to add another useless feature (number of views) if your goal for this app is to be intolerable than it already is then it's working because there are so many stuff you can add and fix YOUR DM for example, YOU CAN ADD A REPLY OPTION, ADD A TRANSLATE MESSAGES OPTION, GIVE US THE OPTION CORRECT ATLEAST TWO LETTER TYPOS, THERE ARE SO MANY STUFF BUT IF YOUR GOAL IS TO MAKE THIS APP WORSE THEN IT'S WORKING",24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
461,Matcha,"January 20, 2023","Every single day twitter manage to make itself worse. For once LISTEN. TO. THE. USER. LISTEN TO WHAT THEY WANT AND DONT WANT. Stop making unnecessary changes ffs what's so hard about that?? The mention tab is broken, my dm send late notifications (i got the notif AFTER i replied), the bookmark button's position keeps changing (one tweet the bookmark is on the right and in the tweet right after its on the left), and the analytic views which most user has stated that they HATE it.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
462,Polus Petrovich,"January 9, 2023","Previously complained about not being able to get into my account, turns out it was me. I got the E-Mail adress wrong. I have 2, but tried to brute force it with the incorrect one. Sorry! Other than that, not bad app.",11 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
463,Louis Adjei,"January 31, 2023",It's frustrating. My account just got suspended. Without any reason. I try to reset my password and log in again but it won't let me. I try to create a different account cause I want to monitor Chelsea's transfer saga today but it won't let me. I'm fuming. I'm going to delete the app.,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
464,Garrett Moyers,"January 14, 2023","The app keeps locking everytime I follow a new person, very annoyed that when I'm scrolling it will automatically jump back to the top of the feed. And seems like everyother button I push on the app causes another problem.",9 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
465,Andy Smith,"February 17, 2023","Timeline is continually mixed up, can't change it to most recent order after I guess an 'update'. Same tweets repeating time after time. Hasn't made any improvements for 'normal' users since being bought by USA's weirdest businessman. Twitter is becoming an app I don't enjoy.......",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
466,Samson Amosu,"January 11, 2023",This is a great community app. It's really the voice of opposition and the oppressed in countries around the world. Twitter Trends give me an updated news on the go like no other platforms. I have got deals and made great connections on this platform. I can't imagine a world without Twitter,21 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
467,Carter Inutuinaq,"January 25, 2023",Definitely a good app when you want to make yourself sick of the world. It's great for the most part but it's not great when it comes to constant crashing so... not great really.,5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
468,David Beatty,"January 31, 2023","The app is buggy and annoying lately. The two biggest issues that should be easy fixes: -Constantly switching to ""For you"" -The missing button to DM someone when I looking at their profile",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
469,Shwave 88,"February 12, 2023",Twitter is honestly the best but these new updates aren't doing it for me..... The first update.... Disables likes while viewing content u have to first close it then like after the only thing that functioned was retweets.. Then another update was made to fix that DM problem..... But the liking thing is still there....could Please fix that... Ohh an also the video player is kinda glitchy a 10sec meme would glitch while playing and turn into a 1min vid as it would move from 10sec to - 1 min,9 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
470,Carlos Segura Zevallos,"January 31, 2023","So now it seems that no android users can send direct messages, the videos are not loading correctly. Please, fix those bugs, specially the DM issue.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
471,Mahrukh Alam,"February 4, 2023","This new UI sucks. There was no need of making this ""for you and following"" tab on homescreen. It's okay if you people did so, but why am I being landed to ""for you"" tab if I was on ""following"" tab when last time I used the app.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
472,NerdDowell Anderson,"December 25, 2022",It's been honestly full of glitches since around November 2022. Trying to think what happened a few days before that to make that happen hmm oh well. Anyways under the new leadership the app has shut off certain functions that make replying to comments fail constantly for some reason highlighting a comment to cut or delete covers it completely in Black and you're constantly shown tweets from people you do not follow because they're getting likes usually right-wingers.,24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
473,John Landschoot,"December 29, 2022","I have one issue. Microsoft swift key keyboard is the android app I use for typing. If I don't open the convo and like it, before trying to respond, Twitter completely locks up and won't let me type. I have to close app and start over. It's been this way for 5 years. I contacted Twitter support 4 years ago about it. We tryed everything. Nothing worked. If I open a different keyboard app. Like the stock LG keyboard it's perfectly normal. Only Microsofts SwiftKey does this. Otherwise love Twitter.",12 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
474,Yash Raut,"February 9, 2023","5 star if good channels to follow become easy to discover. Also I have found some glitches in app related to highlighted tweet not showing correct number of replies or views. Also real time number of views are not shown on a tweet. Other than that the best thing about twitter I found is a healthy atmosphere created, no adult or similar content, no bad/illogical comments in comment section, showing number of views to a comment, and better healthy for brain content,I hope this continue.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
475,Jamie,"January 31, 2023",Videos won't play properly. All of a sudden the video will go high speed and jump from 5 seconds to the end of the video.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
476,Christopher,"January 21, 2023","I hate the new ""For You"" tab. I don't need the platform trying to force recommendations I don't want down my throat. I we don't have a choice about this invested change then at least let users select a default landing between the ""For You"" and ""Following"" tabs. This platform keeps getting worse since Musk took over.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
477,Akobi Tomiwa,"January 17, 2023","The app gets worse with each new updates. Can't play videos. Videos make the whole app hang. At times, the video plays only with sounds with the app's UI becoming unresponsive",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
478,Jami Blizzard,"January 22, 2023",New Twitter user here. I joined because I'm interested in an arena where ideas can be debated and discussed freely. So far I love the content. The UI is taking a bit to get used to but will probably improve once I become a paid member. I do wish there was a dislike button so that I could easily disagree with a tweet.,7 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
479,Sylvester Molokoane,"December 30, 2022","Is a fun and quick way to get updated on all the latest news. Plus the app is generally reliable. Also, I love the new Spaces 💕 December 2022 update: the app has become objectively better, faster freer and more exciting under the new management. Why wouldn't anyone use it.",81 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
480,Brandi Lynn Dominguez,"November 16, 2022","The cracks in the foundation are becoming noticeable. The amount of glitches that I am now seeing on Twitter is unbelievable. It's things like a constant ""Log in"" cycle: you select your account and you try to log in but it won't let you — instead it brings you back to the login screen. The only way you can actually log in, is if you close out completely and try again. There's a 50/50 chance it'll work. Videos no longer loading especially if there's advertisements. Audio is just autoplaying.","3,036 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
481,Mudassir Raza,"February 20, 2023",Playing video is the most difficult task on Twitter compared to other social applications. I have 7mb/s internet speed but Still the video starts buffering every one to two seconds.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
482,Shannon W.,"February 5, 2023","Update does nothing but crash. Also, no liking, RTing, replying from the app causes it to crash. Not the point of having the app. FIX IT!",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
483,Ryan lee,"December 4, 2022","Is is good, but Twitter still has room for improvement. The ""spaces"" feature providing an opportunity for ""regular people"" to be involved in meaningful conversation is very unique, but still needs some development work as the feature is quite buggy. Beyond that, this is a great app for open-minded individuals with a genuine desire to learn or contribute","1,229 people found this review helpful",4,twitter
484,Lynda Hill,"October 6, 2022","It's great for keeping in the know, but I hate that it does keep my setting to show latest tweets. I don't want to be spoon-fed what an algorithm considers top tweets. Everything goes out of kilter when I change from top to latest, which is very frustrating. There's a lot of anger in some tweets from very opinionated people, but in a way that's ok as we all need to sound off. Update: the above problem is no longer happening. I wish it wouldn't put the tweet sent bar right over the back arrow!","2,407 people found this review helpful",4,twitter
485,Villeta Pinson,"December 25, 2022","I have enjoyed Twitter this last month but, It would be nice to be able to modify tweets after you tweet them. If you want to add something or you see that your phone interpreted your voice differently than what you were saying. Maybe there's a way to go back and edit post but I haven't figured it out if there is.",15 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
486,Totally Tiffany,"February 8, 2023","I haven't been able to send tweets, retweet, or check my DMs at all. I'm not suspended or shadowbanned, so something has to be wrong with the app. I tried restarting my phone, but that didn't help. Please fix this problem.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
487,Noah de Marigny,"January 11, 2023","It's getting far better as of recent. There's been some bumps in this road but it's becoming an amazing app! It is built with the ideal of free speech. It will recommend tweets that you are interested in, and if left politics is one of them, you will primarily see the (still very active) left politics of Twitter. Twitter Blue is an amazing feature that allows people to filter out the bots, there is an 8 dollar fee however. Ads (still) show up as discreet ""sponsored"" tweets (so no pop-ups!).",37 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
488,Fraser Clarke,"February 17, 2023",Seems to be getting more buggy and glitchy by the day. And I really don't like the 'for you' timeline which seems to take priority over the usual one.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
489,lynne crabb,"February 4, 2023",Twitter has gone down hill to put it mildly. The blue tick is pointless now. People you follow don't pop up in your feed for no reason. My favourite subjects seem to have disappeared. People you have no interest in appear in your feed. Total mess. 😡,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
490,Sean Rollins,"October 27, 2022","Twitter's obsession with turning itself into tiktok is ridiculous. It's now pointless to click into any video filmed in portrait mode, as the bottom ¼-⅓ of the video is cut off by the text. If you really want people to scroll from clip to clip à la tiktok, at least provide a way to make the text disappear, so the full format of each video can be enjoyed. And it might be nice to be able to scroll through videos of only people you have chosen to follow, instead of an algorithm going off topic.","11,012 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
491,Angie,"December 27, 2022",Unstable as hell. Keeps completely crashing out on my phone. I can scroll through maybe 10 tweets then it just closes. Never had this problem before so I can only assume a new update has absolutely killed it for the pixel 6pro,18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
492,Brian Kilgore,"February 3, 2023",I liked some of the third party apps because they had features this app does not. This app is nearly unusable. It like to always jump to the top of the feed after some action i do.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
493,Matt Mariani,"February 18, 2023","Almost never loads threads. Post randomly disappear while reading. App crashes an embarrasing amount. If you cant hear the band playing on the deck, know they are helping soothe the masses as the ship sinks.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
494,Bui-bon,"January 17, 2023","Twitter was working fine before the recent update. I now cannot use my account fully to the use, due to the app deactivating and reactivating my account. I now cannot search my profile and my followers can't find my profile, unless they go directly to it on their feed; they can't see my response unless it's on the feed and support hasn't been helpful.",8 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
495,Barry Hammock,"February 16, 2023",Full of so many bugs. It doesn't work half the time. The keyboard disappears when you try to write something and takes forever to come back. The report system is glitchy when you try to report tweets.,217 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
496,Mira N R,"January 19, 2023","Can't see replies (both mine & others) after update, no notification either. So, thus can't really interact with each other except for like & RT. Some of my friends' account lost/suspended for no reason (they didn't break any rules)",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
497,Luke Fallis,"February 18, 2023",Had been using the app but recently the changes to the timeline have made it a dire experience. Also noticed an increase of tweets appearing from accounts I do not follow. Up until recently the spam messages had been on the rise as well,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
498,Prabir Jena,"December 23, 2022","I couldn't log in into my account, the apps says it cannot send message to my registered mobile for 2fa verification with twitter as the service provider is not supported by them, it ridiculous as while registering my number with Twitter it did send a message for verification. And also my mobile service provider is one among the top of the country. Twitter support is also not responding.",23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
499,chopak slay,"January 6, 2023",I'm facing so many bugs and problems with the app for the last couple days . Videos can't be played nor speed up the comments don't show up the app doesn't respond and so on what is happening 🤷 just put things back to what they were this is unusable at this point .,11 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
500,Ibrahim Abohilal,"February 17, 2023","""Show more tweets"" when pressed it scrolls up, then I have to scroll down and press it again. Tweets should show exactly at where I stopped reading or just show all tweets. Option to enlarge text fonts should be available to us. Tweets are shown in randon not sorted according to time. Your apo is a big mess and should be improved.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
501,Cross Malakai,"January 24, 2023",Does not work in the slightest. If you want to send a tweet you're far better off just going on a computer at the library and sending it from there because this garbage app won't connect even with 5 full bars of 5g.,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
502,Leo Radeljak,"January 5, 2023","Twitter app is great but there is a lot of room for improvement. App crashes often and some design features (search) are counterintuitive. Also, there needs to be more transparency regarding who/what is shadowbanned and/or deamplified and why.",11 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
503,Rae Lim,"December 26, 2022","*NEW* Edit: Twitter now has view counts added to tweets. This is not Yo*Tub*. We don't need to know this information shoved at our face. Old: Twitter /contains ads/, sometimes you'd get a few of them one every few tweets. What's worse is that it shows ads irrelevant to your interest. Going into the options menu, you'll see hundreds of lists you'll be registered under for these ads. Unlisting yourself will just make Twitter list them up again as duplicate entries.",110 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
504,Rey Lopez,"January 23, 2023","Twitter succeeded in killing 3rd party apps. How about coming up with an app ad free with more settings to adjust the experience our way. I'm willing to pay a reasonable price for that kind of experience with YOUR app. I can't stand this app with tons of promotional tweets, showing me what the people I follow like, etc etc. Also increase your tweet limit from 200! Having to use the see more tweets option and scroll backwards sucks. Eventually I'll be gone from Twitter all together.",71 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
505,Jasmine Gasch,"January 31, 2023","Incredibly annoying to scroll through Twitter now. Was so much better when all the tweets were together, I hate scrolling and either being forced to the top out of the blue or tweets vanishing before I even see what the hell it was. Might just go back to Twitter through my browser instead. Way less of a pain.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
506,Vijay Mane,"December 21, 2022","This app is never leaving a single moment to become worst n worst, I have update 2: time but it's showing same timeline when change to new timeline, not just this whatever u do getting blank n buffer that's it I don't have any intrest to give singal star also but i have give review thts why it's no any longer good app to use this is worse service",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
507,Terry Cresswell,"January 28, 2023","Now forced to use this app after third party apps were shut out. Ugly interface, several features I'm used to are missing or hidden away and hard to find. No way of finding whats trending. Horrible to use compared to other apps, so I'm now spending more time on Mastodon",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
508,Hugh Fawcett,"February 1, 2023",Great in the main but I got suspended for twelve hours basically because the algorithms look for words not context. I'm anti censorship full stop. We can block what we object to anyway. Much more reliable and faster since musk bought it.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
509,Crystal,"February 4, 2023","This app is wonderful, and I love it. It does crash sometimes though, but other than that it's fine. But the problem I've had is that when I set my age to 2008 it says I haven't met the requirements which are 13+. My birth year explains that I'm over 13, so I'm curious to why I'm not able to log in?",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
510,Devesh Kumar,"December 26, 2022","Having problem in sending texts. On opening a conversation, a black screen appears and texts dissappear. The problem is in one individual chat only ( not a group ). And it's been 5-6 days now. Try to fix is asap. 🙏",7 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
511,Angela,"December 21, 2022","experiencing an errors cause of those 2fa verification problem, I CAN'T LOG IN on my twitter acc.. it always notify "" We cannot send a text message to this phone number because its operator is not supported. "" Is it cause of the server? or new update? Pls fix this issue.. who knew a simple update for security can ruin your acc for good. Now being unable to log in to other apps ( cause my twitter acc is logged in on certain apps ) This app isn't just the same anymore:/",24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
512,Vladimir Conrado,"December 21, 2022","Not sure what happened but within the last month or so the app experience has gotten dramatically better. No more stuttering on 90hz and 120hz screens, no weird log out issues, much smoother overall",57 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
513,Miguel Pablo,"January 20, 2023",Two thumbs up for the blackout background on videos and pictures preview. Please make it consistent though. Some videos I've played still has the colored background.,16 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
514,Olaoye Jeremiah,"February 16, 2023","This new update is just not it. It keeps crashing especially after I click the share button. Also, can't watch video seamlessly again. I miss the old twitter",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
515,Camille Maglaqui,"December 24, 2022","I'm trying to verify my phone number for so many days now. Mind you, im using the biggest (sim) network in my country. I'm trying to verify my phone number but it keeps saying 'unsupported phone number.' this is frustrating me! Fix this. I am unable to open my twitter my account. I cannot make a new one since that's my account for interacting with my twitter peers. What is happening, Twitter? Fix it. I've emailed already but still.. no issues fixed.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
516,James holt,"February 1, 2023","Not updating the app anymore, it gets buggier with each update, DMs were the last thing to break, notifications have been down for months. And Ive gotten daily follows from bots the last few months after the company head promised to prevent/get rid of them.",23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
517,Stuart Room,"January 20, 2023","Once again new update new terrible app behaviour. The app now defaults to the horrendous ""for you"" layout (that shouldn't exist in the first place) every time the app is opened instead of staying on the much better ""following"" tab. It feels every update is made to just worsen the user experience till no one will use twitter again. For example views. I can understand some people might like that. Forcing it on everyone and making the UI worse to show views is bad. Stop fixing what isn't broken.",102 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
518,Joseph Celona,"February 1, 2023","So much better with more freedom on the platform!!! ❤️🇺🇸 Honestly though, gun pages and Christian pages still seem to be appearing less in the feed and difficult to find through search.... 🤔",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
519,Dhung Tsok-Nwok,"December 16, 2022",Something about your recent update makes the app keep crashing when I'm on DMs. I miss the version I had before May. Makes DMing stressful. I don't have this issue anymore. My app works well now.,18 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
520,Erin Noel,"February 7, 2023","Twitter is an amazing app that enables you to remain gotten in touch with friends and family online. The application is very easy to utilize and also provides a wide range of info, including damaging information as well as interesting topics. On the whole, Twitter is an exceptional way to stay up to day on the most up to date news and also developments.",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
521,Athora Stone,"January 16, 2023","It's good if you like your social media very strict and you could only type very few things, it's definitely not like other social medias that you could type a paragraph, the first few days of using this social media my account was locked, I'm still new to twitter so I still don't understand why my account was locked, I had to restore it fast, so far no incident after the lock other than that I'm enjoying this social media so far.",21 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
522,Iain Ellmes,"January 22, 2023","Defaults to ""for you"" tab showing stuff from days ago, doesn't auto refresh when you switch to the tab you actually want to look at to see latest tweets. It's been slowly going downhill for months now.",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
523,Doug Tammany,"January 21, 2023","functionality has rapidly decreased over the last few months. timeline struggles to load, and loads less tweets than before. notifications unreliable. no way to hide ""for you"" column even while scrolling",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
524,Splatastic,"December 14, 2022","The app now crashes or freezes after a bit of run time, and replying to people is extremely delayed for whatever reason. I'm thinking it needs an update please. To prevent that from happening?",44 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
525,Kayla Murphy,"January 22, 2023",Ever since they implemented the for you tab tweets are being hidden from your timeline so they can show you them a couple hours or days later (if you're lucky half the time they don't show up until a mutual comments on them) I'll get notifications from Friends replying to my tweets but when I open the app notification disappears and their reply as invisible until a couple of days later. They're trying to force the algorithm down everybody's throat and it's completely destroying twitter.,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
526,gay gay homosexual,"January 12, 2023","I thought an updated retweet system would be the worst of it, but I spoke way too soon. The improvements that were previously integrated to the app have now been frazzled, a noticeable change that I wish they'd stop trying to ""improve"" on. Idk. Get rid of nazis before giving us another form of a timeline maybe.",134 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
527,Muze Muze,"December 26, 2022","Overall app is nice, nevertheless, there is a problem. The feeds get automatically refreshed and most of the time I loose the content which I was looking at.",14 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
528,Adekanmbi Fiyinfoluwa,"December 23, 2022","Twitter has gone worse! All these updates is making it even tiring and stress to use it! I was temporarily suspended and I can't verify through phone because it won't let me receive verification code, it keeps telling me that ""my phone carrier is not supported"" how TF Did that happen? Number that I've been using for years and able to receive verification code on this same platform is not unsupported all of a sudden? ElonMusk has proved my gut about him wrong! Thought he'd make a good difference",24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
529,John Hatt,"February 13, 2023","I love the Twitter app. It is full of real-time news and funny content. I use to be skeptical, but it has improved a lot. I'm looking forward to buying Twitter blue when I'm allowed to with my account.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
530,kareem bennett,"February 18, 2023","Since recently my twitter hasn't been loading my videos and when i click on it, it just shows the loading circular motion and i don't know what to do. Please fix these bugs.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
531,Ardhendu Sekhar Mohanty,"February 3, 2023","The direct message (DM) button which was showing beside the follow button in a twitter profile has gone missing. It's not because the account has disabled DM, DM is available for the account but it's just missing from profile.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
532,Sonia Ryrie,"November 10, 2022","I find Twitter difficult to navigate. As with most apps, Twitter seems to have been designed by and for millennials. People who are half a century old or older have a lot of trouble understanding the navigation. The symbols for all apps could be the same size, colour and placement within the app. Instead of each app has their icons all over the place. Consistency, reliability, uniformity are very important. Personalisation means the client is in control of their stuff... Not some faceless person","2,558 people found this review helpful",4,twitter
533,Jodie Ford,"January 21, 2023","The app no longer ""remembers"" my choice to view my feed CHRONOLOGICALLY and is forcing the algorithmic mess every time I re-open the app. I want a chronological feed, not anything else. Revert this behaviour!",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
534,Solomon Sharma,"January 23, 2023",Past few days i had been finding that the app is not working properly. Videos are not playing automatically and cannot delete messages. It is getting worst day by day.,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
535,Lizille,"January 28, 2023",I use the app for years and suddenly the layout changes. It's confusing and we still don't have a edit option. Please tell your boss that we want the old layout and a edit option.,10 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
536,Kaka Wardhana,"December 28, 2022","What's wrong with Twitter this month, the last two updates has made me couldn't tweet anything anymore, when I try to type a word, it always stop even before I finish my first word and suddenly the app just not responding. Is it you or is it my phone because the other accounts seems to be tweeting just fine. My phone is Samsung Galaxy A21 btw.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
537,William “Cat” Harrison,"December 18, 2022","Just here for memes, but I have a request if I may as one of the many consumers on this app, please stop with the fake pms in the notifications, it has caused a great stir of relationship problems for me because of this advertising technique, please be considerate with the advertising, nothing suspicious like ""I'll wear your sweater"", ""Come and talk to me 💋"", etc etc, it causes issues for more than just myself.",10 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
538,Krystal,"January 23, 2023","Hate the changes. The timeline is confusing and stupid. And Elon had the nerve to ban 3rd party apps. Why? Because they're better with their structure. Don't show me the tweets you THINK I want to see. Just give me my tweets in chronological order, and stop repeating them! Won't be using Twitter as much now that they've taken away the things that made them great. Just making changes to make them smh...",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
539,:D,"December 29, 2022","The App has been Crashing a lot Recently. It specially crashes when I visit someone's Profile. It's super Annoying and Infuriating, and needs to Fixed. (This didn't start happening untill recently)",16 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
540,Richard Desjardin,"December 12, 2022","Absolutely unusable since the change in ownership. Ads are intrusive and irrelevant. My timeline is nothing but people I don't follow praising Twitter's new leadership, & my inbox is filled with bots and spam. I've had my account locked several times for using everyday phrases that trip automated content moderation with no way to appeal the ruling. This app is basically useless at this point.",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
541,Billy Moses,"December 11, 2022","Almost a perfect 10. I'm so glad Elon Musk doesn't allow conservatives to be censored anymore. Since Twitter 2.0, the app has drastically improved and keeps improving. We've never seen this kind of advancement in Twitter before the acquisition. A few things are still being tweaked around here and there, but I would have to give the app a solid 9.9 out of 10.",38 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
542,Tuhin Azad Rafi,"December 15, 2022","Every time I enter in twitter it takes me to enter phone number for verification interface. When I type the number, every time it says enter a valid number. Every time! Tried all possible ways to fix it. But nothing has been fixed.",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
543,Ryan Gao,"December 16, 2022",Media resumes play and stops right after switching back into the app. DM in app badge doesnt clear after reading. Notification in-app badge doesnt clear after reading. Too many bugs. Favourite on main timeline is broke .,14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
544,eatanAustralopith _,"September 26, 2022",Extremely primitive design. No ability to see a list of just the people you follow. Must manually search for them every time. No ability to sort whatsoever. One big convoluted mess. Slow and unresponsive. No Twitter is not better in the app. They need to take a look at the YouTube app. Did I just travel back in time 20 years?,"1,048 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
545,Truckin Eleven,"January 27, 2023","Meh. Don't like the app but have no other choice. TWEETCASTER was my PREFERRED app because of its simplicity of design and setup. I feel the official Twitter app NEEDS a COMPLETE OVERHAUL. Too ""busy"" looking, ""for you"" tab is not needed, waaaaaaaaaay to many ads and the list goes on and on. LIFT THE BAN AND BRING BACK 3RD PARTY APPS. Give those developers a contract or something that Twitter can get a percentage of whatever by how many users 3rd party apps have.",5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
546,mariana,"January 24, 2023","Just updated because it would not let me tweet or quote anything, and now it simply does not load anything. No timeline, no trends, no search bar, nothing. The quality of this app has declined to an abysmal level, I see why so many people planned on leaving and even searched for alternatives now.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
547,David Hildebrand,"January 23, 2023","IDK if it just a coincidence or not, but since the ownership change, the app has become increasingly unstable and unreliable, and hate speech has gone overtly unchecked.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
548,Geoffrey Shaiman,"January 29, 2023","Stop changing your layout this isn't tiktok I don't the new format the old way was better one page not two you need to go back to the old look, and now since the last update on January 23rd, the DM button has vanished completely from the App what the hell is going on?",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
549,eldinvolcano,"January 9, 2023","'show more tweets' is broken. it either repeats posts i've already seen, or just straight deletes them which could be anywhere from 4-12+ hours of content. all gone. i shouldn't have to log in on a pc just to scroll this dumpster fire",8 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
550,Christopher Dirkx,"December 15, 2022","Functionality and interface is great and easy to use. I love that it's now opened up to everyone. Conservatives, liberals, etc. It has great news, sports and hilarious posts. Thank you Elon!",37 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
551,Andrew Bristow,"January 22, 2023","The devolution of the Twitter app continues. Nobody 'engaged' with the data mined 'For You' section. Clearly this was an issue. Nobody wanted their timeline filled with strangers either so everyone used the latest tweets option. Unhappy with this, Twitter now rams these 'features' directly down your throat - making them the default view. Fortunately I barely use the app anymore. Twitter used to be about following accounts that interest you and actual trends. Now it's as relevant as MySpace.",15 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
552,Eric Fisher,"December 13, 2022","Twitter is great but 3 stars as my favorite feature spaces will not work properly. I have to force stop, clear data and sometimes reset my phone. Recently I can't hear anything at all on spaces. Elon HELP! Update reinstalled app and seems ok now.",22 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
553,Borejs Seferaj,"January 30, 2023","Tha changes made to this app are insanely perfect, easier, faster and the quality of the photos is the best that any other app has. It doesnt crash and works correctly. Love the improvements",12 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
554,Geki Kudo,"January 25, 2023","GET RID OF FOR YOU Since the UI update the app is horrible. It randomly refreshes the timeline, it defaults to for you which is completely unoptimal and it takes like a minute to refresh.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
555,Chris Christman,"December 30, 2022","Grateful for the balance being back in the nest. Information isn't always truth, but truth (when you have access to it) is always good information. It's our duty to investigate and determine the difference, but having free and open speech enables us to do just that. I'm a Twitter-tweeter as long as that's the platform. 🐦",7 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
556,Madison Medley,"January 29, 2023","I noticed I had the birthday 11/30/08 instead of 11/30/09, so I changed it back. When I did that, my account was locked. I tapped on the link that was supposed to send me to a form that could let me restore my account, because at the moment I am 13(the minimum age for Twitter) and the app thought I was younger. When I got to the site though, it was telling me my account needed to be locked to use the form, even though it was. I don't want my account to be gone, is there a way to fix this issue?",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
557,David Bertero,"January 21, 2023","I don't like the For You feature default, and the tab approach reduces page content visibility. The New Tweets pop-up stays up for too long and further obscures content visibility.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
558,Christopher Farrell - Artist,"January 23, 2023","The app is good, I still need to try to train the algorithm to lower the amount of toxic vile content. On the whole I see content based on art and culture and not so much bigotry, hatred and division.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
559,Jake Cromie,"February 16, 2023","When ever im scrolling and finally see something worth looking into, twitter does this auto refresh for absolutely no reason. Happens every single day and has happened for a very long time, an explanation would be nice.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
560,Prachee Desai,"January 8, 2023","I think twitter is the best social media app as you can gain information about the world and the science and there is also not much interruption of reel and many other stufff,which I have faced during the use of other social media. If twitter doesn't much change in the future ,then it stays as my favorite social media app forever.",100 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
561,Pamela Cain,"January 16, 2023","Had ownership not changed, this review would certainly not have been favorable. Musk certainly should be commended for bringing our Constitution reign in our country again with free speech. I love spaces much better than news. The real free speech in real time. Something that's been missing. And I love how well serviced Twitter is. No glitches, no issues!",42 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
562,Time-saver,"January 5, 2023","Very enjoyable, as it's a more casual and less intrusive experience than Facebook, which was almost addictive with the constant notifications you would be getting - so l gave it up.",32 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
563,Benjamin Dred,"January 2, 2023","I think the latest upgrade is by far the worst ever done in the history of me using this app. Aside scrolling up and down, I can't do anything. The whole app freezes each time I try to reply to messages or make comments on posts. You just have to keep scrolling all day or get frozen. It's nerve wrecking.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
564,Sanjay Abraham,"January 20, 2023","The app doesn't refresh in the background and fill my timeline with all my followed tweets properly if I don't check it every two hours. And I don't even follow that many people. This is why I used Talon (a third party twitter app) but now twitter seems to have banned that 🙁. With Talon, I could not check twitter for two days and it'd populate all my followed tweets in the background and I could catch up later. Official Twitter app has much lower tweet capacity plus improper background refresh",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
565,Effen Obot,"January 9, 2023","Since the recent update, the app has malfunctioning! Tweet not loading in time, when it finally loads, the images will not load! So bored going over tweets without see the image or video file attached to it! Please something should be done about this...",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
566,esther iyege,"January 3, 2023","Please thanks for the application but I think it has a problem. So I mistakenly imputed a wrong birth date unknowingly and now I'm locked out of my account. There was no message to confirm my age before this lock was initiated and now I can't access my account what do I do. Please kindly be of assistance so my account could be restored, I'm actually more than 13.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
567,Thomas,"December 26, 2022","Showing ads at the top of my timeline everytime I refresh is irritating enough that it has me using the app less. I don't mind ads, but I feel like I'm being punished for using the app.",9 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
568,David “Dave” Dagnino,"December 27, 2022","The app crashes 7 out of 10 times randomly when I'm trying to write a tweet, since the last update. I have used Twitter your years and that had never happened before. Now in order to write a tweet, I need to crash the app 5 or more times to be able to write the tweet.",12 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
569,Derpy Jade,"January 4, 2023","Most of the time, decent. However, fix your notifications. I have them enabled via the app and my phone, and still, I do not get them. Very aggravating.",5 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
570,Andrew Hartup,"January 17, 2023","Good bug getting more buggy by the day. Been getting double, sometimes triple notifications and renotifications even when I'm looking at the post that the notification for.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
571,Aish,"December 16, 2022","1. my app keep crashing everytime i switch my lists 2. i can't use the rt and like button unless i expand the tweets only 3. everytime i watch a video, it kept loading and sometimes it stucks but the audio still playing. This happens after i update my twitter today 🙄",354 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
572,Charly Lynn,"October 3, 2022","Recent update beyond annoying. Chat has changed so no longer goes back to the last thing you read so have to scroll. Proportions/display all wrong. End up stuck in back button loops. Don't get half my mentions/notifications unless I go looking for them. Please put it back. A wise person once said, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Your developers should remember that.","1,404 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
573,Crispi,"January 18, 2023","This app is breaking more and more everyday. Engagement such as likes, retweets and comments keep disappearing and all twitter is doing is pushing out worthless ""features"" nobody asked for. ""We hear you, we'll be moving the view count from the left side of the screen to the right!"" This is all just one big joke istg",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
574,Nathan Bloomfield,"January 21, 2023","I truly hate the app defaulting to the ""for you"" hand selected posts. It is beyond aggravating and takes away from what makes twitter great. Getting information quick is why ppl are using twitter. Why would you default my feed to a bunch of old tweets? Be less like Facebook. Also, I retweeted a reply to a post recently, and Twitter sent out the original post instead of the reply tweet that I clearly selected. Android Auto is horrible with spaces, that's an android problem not a twitter issue.",7 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
575,M. Torres,"December 26, 2022","Media: 3 out of 5. There are good and convenient news articles and tweets about current events and weather related topics. Reporting on celebrities however, is NOT newsworthy. Social: 3 out of 5. There are great topics being discussed and there can be interesting reads, but opinions are not facts, and facts are not facts. Hard for plebes to discern truth from fiction and fiction from fiction. It's a mess in there. Ease of use: 4 out of 5. Simple platform being improved. Could be better.",5 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
576,Dylan zago Lacerda,"January 16, 2023","Good app, although I don't think it deserves 5 stars I have so much fun. There are so many random videos and pages that are really funny, interesting. Sometimes you may debate about certain important topics that might relevant or not, but some people are kinda toxic and so selfish.",9 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
577,hhsupastar,"January 14, 2023","I got a lifetime ban and I still pay the blue subscription (update: my previous subscription appears to be obsolete now). Some people just don't know what fun is. Stephen King is all right, I guess. 😁 Twitter was fun. It didn't help me overcome what appears to be a hellscape of political and law enforcement corruption in Arizona but it was fun. Terribly intriguing is probably the best description.",33 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
578,Tom Meyer,"January 12, 2023","The ability to learn what's happening in the world in almost real-time makes Twitter my go-to app. Yes, there's a lot of noise and vitriol, but adults are able to ignore most of it and learn what's important to them. Big thanks to Elon for the restoration of Twitter's transparency.",35 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
579,Zach Carroll,"September 9, 2022","As of today the app is completely non-functional on my device (Pixel 6 Pro). Have tried restarting my device, force closing the app several times, and uninstalled/reinstalled. Nothing works at all. Even in general though, it truly is astounding how much worse the Android version is compared to the iOS version, even on a major platform like the Pixel. It really isn't even close to as good of an experience.","1,453 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
580,geraldo sierra,"January 24, 2023","Please get rid of the ""for you"" tab (or at the very least make it optional).....what's great about this app are the instantaneous/live coverage and conversation on real-world events. Really don't care to have a curated timeline.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
581,Aditya Duryodhan,"December 28, 2022",Hi From2-3 days I'm facing some issues with this app. Whenever I'm replying to someone or retweet anything or tweet something the app crashed everytime. So thought may be my app is out of update. Then checked it but app is updated to date but still facing that issue. If there is any bug 🪲 then please solve it.. Thank you 😄👍🏻,6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
582,muhammad musabomoi,"December 20, 2022","It's so annoying right now. I have been using it on my old phone for couple of year's then I changed phone now..and it's not allowing me to log in at all with correct details.saying that ""we can't send message to the phone number and then goes white plan)",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
583,Anthony Viera,"January 21, 2023","Don't mind much of the changes recently except for one. Please give us the option to put the following tab as our default. No offense but I couldn't care less about the for you tab. I want to see tweets in chronological order from people I follow, that's it. I don't care what tweets y'all think I would like. Honestly debating leaving the platform if this isn't addressed because I HATE when I'm not given the option to choose.",5 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
584,Bintang,"December 23, 2022","Each iteration of this app becomes worse and worse. I don't mean the occasional bugs and crashes, but the features just become cluttered with each new additions",9 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
585,Jeff Perez,"December 18, 2022",Rating this a 1 star for the meantime. Every time I press something it always takes more than 10 seconds to respond and/or freezes my phone completely. Hope this gets fixed on the next update.,9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
586,Justin williams,"December 22, 2022",It was a great app until things started to decline. the heightened monitoring of speech is somewhat concerning. Also sarcasm is illegal...to some extent. other than that I still log on to connect globally...or as globally as the algorithm allows.,9 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
587,Vape Truth,"January 11, 2023","App crashes a lot. Honestly more than most social media apps. Twitter Blue not allowin Abdroid users is nonsense also. Its almost becoming FB 2 0, which is sad. Between permitted adds, and personalized adds, based on what you follow, privacy is non existent. It's becoming very intrusive. Also spaces should have a private, invite only option. Also a real time panic button, to notify if someone is discussing harming themselves, or others.",78 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
588,Inês Correia,"January 17, 2023","Countless and countless of bugs. Videos stop middway and the sound keeps playing, no one gets notifications from my account (which is private, i dont even know how they can shadowban a private account). Please fix it or bring back the past updates",5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
589,El L,"January 5, 2023","Please remove views or have the option to turn it off asap. Clutters the interface when we can already go to analytics if we do want to see how our tweets are doing, otherwise its absolutely unnecessary and only gives anxiety honestly.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
590,chandan kumar,"January 12, 2023",What's with the DM issues. It just stops sending messages at a random time every day. What's the bug. So irritating to say tg least. Why aren't my messages getting sent. Is there a limit of messages that can be sent in twitte now? Pleas fix this problem ASAP,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
591,Adit Kobe,"December 17, 2022","I have good speed connection, smooth to open tweets with pictures inside or other apps. But when it comes to video, the speed dropped to below 50kbps..fix it up",7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
592,Heru,"December 16, 2022","My twitter account suddenly locked and i can't regain my account even my password is correct, so I make new account but immedietly locked too. I can't verify my account because I sign up using my email, yet the app requires mobile number verification. I tried sign up using my mobile number, but the app says my number not supported. It's really sucks!!",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
593,alexis,"January 13, 2023","very buggy. ever since i updated the twitter, i can no longer crop or look up a gif because the app crashes whenever i try to. hopefully this gets the attention of the dev team to be worked on. thanks!",7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
594,Umar Sulaiman mailafiya,"December 23, 2022",The app got issues with phone verification method. When you try making verification it prompts something went wrong. Yeah definitely something went wrong. Cause that's a big feature. And please correct it.,12 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
595,Aisha Haladu,"December 24, 2022","I just don't get it, after downloading the app and installing it and filling all necessary information it showed me to input my number which i did but it kept showing me invalid number, i uninstalled the app and installed it again and it still the same problem. Please you should try and fix this problem or i delete the app because i just wasted my data. And it kelt showing on my gmail that i already have an account which i can't even log into.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
596,Jessica Rios,"January 10, 2023",App does nothing but crash now. Used to be good but now they have to have an update every two weeks that fixes the problem temporarily but then within a few days the app will start bugging.,6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
597,MidnightFightr,"January 10, 2023","wow it looks like you guys did need all those employees to keep the app running! shocking. -videos are broken, they play then stop, sometimes they play in superspeed, the audio not in sync, random restart. -translate button is broken. only 25% of tweets are able to be translated -audio from videos will continue to play even if not on screen -will auto unlike tweets -private/hidden replies from PUBLIC accounts -absurd amount of scam/spam DMs -pictures back to being cropped and not showing fully",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
598,Francesco SkZ Mauro,"January 6, 2023",It was a well-done app. It permits to do all you need to tweet (also copying tweets and save images and video to repost of necessary) But lately you cannot use it to write because it freezes after writing 2 words (literally),6 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
599,Daphne,"December 22, 2022","Adding that little views button RIGHT NEXT TO THE REPLY BUTTON has to be the stupidest design choice I have ever seen plus it looks ugly and for some reason pisses me off. If i wanted to see my analytics, I'd click on the dedicated analytics button you already have. Elon, you're a useless stupid ceo and your graphic design choices matches your cars; ugly and impractical",11 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
600,Serg CG,"January 29, 2023","Before Elon took creative control of Twitter, the android app ran smoothly and was great. Now, it has constant bugs, design changes, policy changes, I can't send DM... and just like that, a total disaster. I wish Jack Dorsey would come back. Elon, you're not a genius.",5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
601,Sabakarim,"December 19, 2022",I'm unable to access my account i have tried multiple times with correct password and email but the result is same . It's always says that we can't send text to this phone number because the operator is not supported. I have email to the twitter help line but all is in vein.... Wrost experience,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
602,Thailynn Chuop,"October 1, 2022","Had auto update turned off for a while and for good reason. Recently after my messages started disappearing before I sent them in direct messages, I updated the app because I thought that might have affected it. Now it's incredibly laggy in the direct messages and when I look through notifications. Seeing the views my tweets get just makes me self conscious. I never look at the spaces either so having the button for that in the bottom bar is pointless. Updating the app was my worst mistake","1,121 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
603,Junior Landsberg,"October 16, 2022","I would give it 5 stars, because of how it used to be, but the new update is horrible honestly. When watching a video the caption is displayed on the screen and does not fade out and by pressing on the screen it pauses it and there is no longer the double tapping on the side to skip 5 seconds. Please revert back to the previous version or fix this problem. Worst part is that I can't even uninstall the update.",709 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
604,emma 2004,"December 23, 2022",App is run terribly. Awful UI interface. There's a view count option that is mindlessly annoying. The CEO makes twitter polls and does not abide by the results. I'd give it 0 stars if possible.,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
605,Caly Saratuki,"January 9, 2023","Can't even get the new updates. App keeps crashing and when watching a video and you scroll down, the audio continues playing in the background.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
606,Sahil Bin Zaid,"December 11, 2022","Hello, i am having some issues when i tried to open my profile it shows can't retrieve tweets right now. After that i logged out my account now it isn't logging in saying something went wrong but it works easily on browser. I am having problem in app. Please fix this issue.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
607,Neeraj Mestri,"December 26, 2022","The new Twitter update is having issue in android 9 devices.Its taking 2-3 minutes just to send a text twit. The image upload time is more than 5-6 minutes.Also it's lagging too much , no other apps, in fact heavy apps are also not lagging on my device except for the Same. Kindly fix these issue.",11 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
608,L C,"January 5, 2023","Have been using the app for about a month now, but within last two days it's constantly freezing even after doing an update today. Have rebooted my phone as well. It's not my service. I'm afraid to uninstall and reinstall because won't that delete everything in my account?",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
609,Andrew Boles (Drew),"January 27, 2023","UI/UX is trash. Impossible to read. If you're going to kill off DIY clients, at least implement font size, color and content arrangement settings.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
610,Damashi The Kaotic,"December 26, 2022","This app was already frustrating, but got even worse after Elon's take over. Getting ads and tweets for things I have zero interest in constantly, on top of tweets I were intrested in disappearing, because of a sudden, unprompted refresh.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
611,Kenneth Dada,"January 16, 2023","The app keeps lagging and shutting off. And the new recommendation feature is so bad. My entire timeline is filled with ""you might like"" recommendations. Twitter's becoming unusable.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
612,Steven Efendi,"December 22, 2022",Please fix 2FA ASAP.. I cannot login to my main account for days now.. What's the point having other method authetication via app or backup code if it's in the end you still ask to insert the phone number and I can't even put my phone number in the command box.. That's ridiculous! It's a serious situation since other people having the same trouble too..,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
613,Winky813,"December 6, 2022","Latest update is very annoying. When you go to play a video from your feed by tapping it, it opens the video where you then have to press play where as before it would just start playing as soon as you tapped on the preview (if you have auto play disabled). Please make the videos start playing right away as soon as you tap the preview.",327 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
614,Andrea Aguirre,"December 29, 2022",Once the highlight of witty banter this has abruptly become a laggy waste of time. The opulence of clean code is long gone and the rust is peaking through undoubtedly. Twitter has become cumbersome at best and I've slowly decided to move on to better social media platforms that perform with consistency and don't crash at every tweet. What an utter disappointment.,13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
615,eleven thirteen,"January 6, 2023",Twitter sucks really bad. I can’t open my account anymore due to verification codes issues. There were no SMS sent. I’ve been reporting this issue several times too but it was never addressed. Everything just sucks.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
616,Yan,"February 4, 2023",Why does twitter app cannot browse my timeline or likes thorough all records since beginning ? Can you provide a search utility to perform filter to seek previous post or the other people post that I likes from all records of my account ? It always hung up on certain amount of deep scroll to seek from the beginning.,4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
617,Samara Cinders,"January 11, 2023","Edit: Another update, another incomprehensibly bad idea for it - when someone decides an old idea is a GOOD idea to bring back, it's time to stop updating. A shame posting any images at all is impossible unless you're fully updated.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
618,Lotta WR,"January 26, 2023","Hate the floating bar with bubbles or circles, it is extremely annoying! I want more control over the flow in my timeline, I know better how I want it sorted than an algorithm. Irrelevant users with unwanted tweets appear, it is tiresome to report that I'm not interested and want to se less of them.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
619,Audrey Collier,"February 8, 2023",This app is great for staying up to date on the latest news and trending topics in media. You can follow your favorite thought-leaders or influencers and get their opinions on the topics that matter to you. This app is also great for finding new podcast recommendations or learning about new football teams.,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
620,Diana B,"January 25, 2023","Please let the ""For you"" tab be optional! I follow certain people for a reason: so I can see content I care about and keep up with my friends. ""For you"" tab clogs up the timeline with things I'm not interested in and I wouldn't follow the people the algorithm is trying to ""help"" me find",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
621,Nikk A,"December 29, 2022",The timeline refuses to refresh anymore. I'll Uninstall/ reinstall/ clear and it works for a bit before reverting. I'm not doing this daily. Didn't have issues with the app before.,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
622,David Firebaugh,"December 30, 2022","The app has a tendency to reset the feed AS I am scrolling and independent of my input. It's an irritation, but a first world problem. Otherwise, I enjoy using the product and hope you stay committed to thus new path of true American First Amendment principles.",5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
623,Britto Abraham,"January 9, 2023","I've been using this app and it's nice, but recently despite having data I can't seem to quite use it well as if refuses to show pictures or videos rather it leave them blank and unable to be played.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
624,Bob Philpot,"December 20, 2022","Joined Twitter many years ago. Never used it much until the war broke out. Always considered it toxic - lots of keyboard warriors. That aside, there are many good content providers on the platform - makes dealing with bots and the endless vile scumbags worth it. Don't notice much difference since Musk took over other then endless whining on the subject. Good app overall - pretty much the place to go for current events and news.",11 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
625,Ann Bay,"December 13, 2022","Since new ownership of this app, there are 2 sides to most stories again. Subjects are open for debate. Freedom of speech. There still needs more time to pass before discussions are not shouting matches and are actually conversations. I Definitely see differences that open the ability for more people to participate. 2 thumbed thumbs up to @elonmusk",11 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
626,Pedro Espitia,"December 31, 2022","After several months using the lite version, I'm glad that I've returned to main app. Major UI/UX improvements, and interesting features.",8 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
627,Rob Small,"February 4, 2023","Never cared much for Twitter, but the experience has improved drastically since Elon took over. The platform is much less throttled, more relaxed, and far less bias.",7 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
628,Saranya Lakshmi Balachandran,"February 12, 2023","When we post sentences, it has a very minimum range to type so we can't type full paragraph in it. And also when posting a picture has minimum range upto 4 pictures only.",13 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
629,Byron Willis,"February 3, 2023","I preferred Tweet Caster, but that is no longer available. The thing I do not like about Twitter is, they do not have a refresh button to refresh the timeline. Outside of that, I think the app is okay.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
630,El-Hashemi.T. Ali,"February 8, 2023",It use to be good & work just fine but now it's ruined with each update the user experience keeps getting worse what's going on?? It's funky & slow & often crashing Now the DM is broken I can't DM or access my messages & saw someone people couldn't tweet or reply...what is this?? Fix this mess ASAP I swear every update is ruining Twitter,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
631,Camagu Ncoso,"February 9, 2023","Twitter doesn't show notifications like it used to. When I login to the app, I have to click on the notification button then they appear. Twitter has to perform like it used to. I am disappointed",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
632,Aritra RoyChowdhury,"February 9, 2023","Since the last few weeks the app is becoming worse day by day. I can't follow account which I want to. Whenever I try to follow an account, it shows maximum limit is reached whereas I only follow 294 accounts and I have 272 followers. These days Twitter intentionally show such contents to me which I don't want to see; no matter how much I tap the option ""Not interested in the following tweet"". I hope the developer will try to provide us a better experience.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
633,Mike Beaumont,"February 8, 2023","It looks like this latest update has stopped Twitter from defaulting to: ""For you"". I'm grateful, plus tweets are nicely left at where I last read. Thank you 👍 Now we need Notifications working, Now, can we get rid of those silly blue boxes at the top saying New tweets and Tweet sent.... The new Twitter is sluggish to load, it just gets worse. Mr Musk, you've broke Twitter!","3,039 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
634,BILZA,"February 9, 2023","Too much bug, everytime i open twitter app, it goes back to log in page. Then if you log in like usual, the page will loading but it redirect you to login page again. So stupid",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
635,Josiah Bullock,"February 9, 2023",It app works as intended however sometimes when ur scrolling though someone's tweets on their account the app will sometimes automatically scroll back to the top of the profile say the profile has like over 12k worth of tweets and I clicked on an image to view in full screen when I exit that image it will force me back to the top of that account so now I have to scroll all the way down back to get to where i was before Twitter please fix that bug,8 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
636,Mg M,"February 13, 2023","Updating my review (was at 1) now to 3 ☆ PENDING STABILITY ON ANDROID *[1] VIDEOS FAIL TO LOAD - working feb 12 we'll see *[2] Late NOTICES - feb 12 they were back working - *[3] HELP = WASTE of TIME ? - feb 12 issues are fixed so I'll hold on this till I can test (no reply and no relevant topics) and CONTACTING THIS DEVELOPER via the email triggered a form letter ""need permissions"" to contact. Why list ""contact""?",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
637,Rupanshu Pandey,"February 3, 2023","Would've rated it ZERO stars if possible, I'm not able to open tweets to read comments or open pics/videos in full screen mode. The app keeps crashing!! FIX IT ELON MUSK you dork.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
638,Lauren Markey,"February 20, 2023","Won't stop closing. Possible update gone wrong? Worked fine for a while and then 3 days ago started closing with warnings if I scroll, try to type, and also looking at any comment.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
639,Farhad,"February 5, 2023",twitter is good as far as you dont use it all the day i loved this app there is some issues like loading videos took a long time or when you delete a tweet you still can see it in your acc but i still love it // edit: i used to love it but since you guys removed my country's phone numbers from app and there is nearly no way to open an account without phone number so i'm unable to use it that's why i giving it one star i would give less if possible,26 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
640,turbo kingdom,"February 7, 2023",I used to love this app but now the updates and the problems lately have been hard for me like for example when you search things up you have to use hashtags and when you want to look something up with the hashtags videos pop up that had nothing to do with the hashtags they put in the title and it's so annoying I wish you guys can look at those videos and take out the hashtags that doesn't evolve the video or STOP MAKING US SEARCH THINGS UP USING THEM that would be so much better thank you plz.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
641,Michael McKinney,"February 20, 2023","Lists appear to be broken again. I can remove people from lists but not add them, despite only adding 257 users to a list while I try and clean up my account use. I can remove people from a list but not add them to any list.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
642,Danny Davis,"February 6, 2023","Better , Smoother... I've had Twitter for years, but it used to be a place to drop off and pick up trash. It has a new life to it, a new feel. I hope it continues to grow and support free speech as it should be doing.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
643,Lance Flater,"February 9, 2023","Unable to even sign up. Tried multiple devices. Multiple times a day, over the course of a week. Get the same message ""Can't complete signup. Please try again later."" Hard pass....",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
644,Cherisse Camba,"February 7, 2023","The app is good, but the font is the only thing I don’t like about this. I hope in the future we’ll have the ability to at least choose between the System font or the default Twitter font.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
645,Call Me AL,"February 15, 2023","Know Twitter is a mess. Direct messages cannot be opened, read, deleted. There was a Tweet that addressed the issue stating that messages could once again be viewed and that was wrong. Follow the statement that was made from Twitter support and fix the issue regarding direct messaging.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
646,Roo,"February 11, 2023","DM notifications when Message is already open. How do I get my Twitter dm notifications to stop popping up and vibrating when I already have the message open? It never used to do that when I had the dm already open. Its so annoying now, especially when I'm in a GC",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
647,Percy F,"February 18, 2023",They removed two factor authentication. Now you can only get it if you pay for their subscription. The app for social stuff is still okay but it's turning into a dumpster fire from the changes they're making.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
648,Michael Scrivens,"February 19, 2023",This app used to be totally free but I'm loving that Elon is slowly moving the free features over to the paid subscription side. This will keep absolute scum from my timeline and I for one can't get enough of it. Please start charging £150pm.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
649,Karthik Babu,"February 13, 2023","It's really good app. But, to many retweeets appears and sometimes not working its asking passwords... Even we were type good password....its take time to reopen the our account. Anyways its good for connecting peoples and very secured app.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
650,Laros,"February 8, 2023","Elon saved the app, 3-4 stars because the app collects a bit too much data from you, but at least it doesnt share it with 3rd partiee, i'll do 4 stars. Edit a few hourd later: NEVERMIND! Other collect and share way more, twitter is the best, deserves 5 stars",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
651,MOHAMMED,"February 4, 2023","I do not know what you aim for but for the moment my timeline doesn't please me anymore. What is the point from creating two timelines; doesn't make sense and it destroys my appetite to browse twitter. Another thing, I don't know your dynamics regarding spam accounts but I really do think you need to upgrade them. I don't like to be suspended and having a result after 7 days. Terrible mistakes.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
652,Ivanov Emilian,"February 8, 2023","I don't know what they did, but my feed now is just 10 posts and then it just ends (sometimes there's a new post among them, but it's just not a social media experience anymore). No more posts. Scrolling stops. Have I been banned from finding new stuff on the platform ?",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
653,Veganizer Green,"February 9, 2023","While exploring scrolling through an account, app automatically pulls back to the start page and thats very annoying. I've to start scrolling back all again! :/",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
654,Amna Ahmad,"February 13, 2023","People updating app for better exposure but i think my old version was better than this..i am not able see msg box of my followers and following, i have to search name from message than only one can msg... Personal reactions are disappear from space And slow app over all",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
655,Midnightsparkle 27,"February 7, 2023","Something is wrong with twitter- because pictures arent loading anymore- like im waiting for a long time, restarting my phone, reinstalling it, everything- but new tweets and such with photos arent loading..",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
656,Grace. H,"February 8, 2023","It just doesn't work. Dms don't show up, posts won't post, followers decrease in huge amounts randomly, constant bugs and issues.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
657,Desola Ojifinni,"February 6, 2023","Spaces isn't working on my Twitter app any longer, I can't listen to a space, I can't host one, nothing. Also why was the message button removed from profiles? This new update sucks.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
658,Ed Parsons,"February 9, 2023",Constant app problems from dms being broken to errors while posting. The web browser seems to be fine but the app itself is in a terrible spot as of lately,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
659,Sonali Paul,"February 5, 2023",It's disgusting that twitter is also not working properly. Since last month I couldn't check any of the messages in my chat section as well as I can't write anything over there. It's so irritating. Please do solve this immediately.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
660,Ricardo Z,"February 4, 2023","Twitter plans to heavily monetize the use of their APIs and as a result, my favorite bot accounts will no longer be able to run. They made twitter fun. Along with a whole lot of other problems, it just seems like a mess lately",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
661,Bentley Bartlett,"February 2, 2023","It keeps taking me to the sign in page, and then when I sign in (with verified correct sign in info) it rejects it and sends me back to the same page. Is anyone else getting this issue?",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
662,Jeffrey G.,"February 19, 2023","They have completely removed all news or other tabs for only 'Trending' and 'For you'. Also, they plan to make you pay for security features that were previously free.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
663,Brandon Ivey,"February 14, 2023","I dunno if it's a me problem, but whenever i tap a picture and try to like it, it takes away the like. I can only like if im on the feed page or the thread that the tweet is from. Can someone please fix this MINOR problem that literally didnt exist before this?",5 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
664,Hesti Nugraheni (Hesti),"February 9, 2023","What a capitalist app. You're no longer fun since some features have changed into paid. I guess, you should know about user experience and the reason why Twitter became the app with the biggest amount of user. I wish the old features could be back.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
665,Devan Hoffer,"February 9, 2023","I want to give it 5 stars but I can't. It won't let me follow people because I either have low followers or because following 3 new people in a week is ""too much"". I understand why the system is in place, but it's annoying that I'm caught up in it. I'm not a bot. I just don't add anyone I know personally and I don't tweet much so low account engagement and followers is expected. Please fix. I want to support you and be happy about it",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
666,Dhruvi Pandya,"February 19, 2023","Worst app.. now i am tired of this app my ""for you"" page stays same it doesn't show me new feeds, even when i try to refresh the page still it's stays the same twitter is losing it's value day by day. I feel like old version was better. It's totally useless app nowdays.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
667,A Google user,"February 10, 2023","Ever since the latest update, i have not been able to open twitter app, it constantly says ""twitter has stopped"" and the app just close itself, it's been 3 days now, i can't do anything, i am nt satisfied with this, twitter please fix your things.",43 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
668,Loregone Me,"February 18, 2023",Over the last few months but especially these past few weeks the app has gotten worse and worse. Every change seems to be brought about to support only the few rather than everyday use.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
669,Adil Amiraslanov,"February 7, 2023","I have opened the app but when Im trying to log in it gaves ""something isn't right. Try your request again later"" error. I have deleted and downloaded again. Restarted my phone but still no difference, gaves same error.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
670,Joe Shelton,"February 19, 2023","It has been freezing up alot lately. It's not freezing up anymore. But it's not refreshing properly. Overall, I'm glad I downloaded 😌",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
671,ExtraReptilian,"February 15, 2023",Remove the audio rooms and bring back Fleets. No one ever uses the audio rooms and it's a waste of time. If not then I'll have no other choice but to go back to Mastodon or Fanbase,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
672,Lae,"February 7, 2023","UI changes are consistently awful. Also sometimes the ""Followed Topics"" section under Explore/For You, beneath trending hashtags, just goes missing for a few days at a time, which is really annoying as I like to check there for posts trending in my communities.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
673,Cailean Oxden-willows,"February 9, 2023","Love this app☺ I have met some amazing people out there, thank you. Keep it up 🥳🌸❤️yeah it's been a real pleasure using this app. I have met some people that are so friendly and have so much to share, and their photos thanks for creating this amazing app that brings people together and closer 😊 😀 ☺️ 😄 ❤️ 🙂I have no complaints about anything 🌹",38 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
674,Kumar Pilli,"February 9, 2023","Even in full speed network, tweets loading very slow... I fed-up with this app performance... Other apps performance is very speed. But Twitter is very slow...",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
675,Ron,"February 8, 2023",I think Twitter is a excellent platform. As I think Tesla is a excellent car. But as ugly as the old-fashioned Chrysler wouldn't be said to be seen driving in the daytime. How many times I tell you make a decent-looking car.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
676,Lory,"February 11, 2023","I enjoy using this app. It's easy to It's easy to use. Also, I appreciate that it allows me to link my businesses and social media's without having to download another app for more than 1. 🙂",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
677,WobblyBits_X,"February 9, 2023",Horrendous. Features constantly breaking. Erratic changes made for no apparent reason or announcement and then rolled back.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
678,Maryam Bakare,"February 5, 2023","some videos just start speeding up without me adjusting the speed, but the audio is normal and does even sync with the sped up video.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
679,Izzuddin Yusof,"February 12, 2023",whatever the hell that idiot musk did other than charging money for something that has been free has make twitter became really buggy. sometime got notifications some it doesnt. now whoever i followed posted something the post doesnt even appear despite receiving notification.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
680,Jason Moller,"February 3, 2023","Really responsive and clear to use, a well thought out app. However, Android users are left lagging behind iOS in terms of features.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
681,Theresa Dilling,"February 8, 2023",Was once one of my favorite apps but since the company was bought it has been getting worse every week. im going to check out alternatives after this because it's honestly just become infuriating to use :(,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
682,Kirsten Krechel,"February 8, 2023","This app has gotten worse and worse the past couple of months. For a while I couldn't reply to tweets, then it took added steps to share a tweet via DM, and today I can't follow anyone.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
683,Jester JD,"February 8, 2023","All my messages disappeared after the update, I keep on receiving a message saying ""cannot retrieve messages at this time. Please try again later."" It's been like this for a few hours, and I literally can't talk to anyone.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
684,Farhan Iqbal Haidary,"February 10, 2023",You guys did really release Twitter Blue worldwide. I'm still not gonna pay a for a paid features if you guys didn't maintain the app well. Still had problems trying to load all my Twitter bookmarks but can't access the old ones. Bad executive decisions makes it a red flag for paying a dime in this app.,360 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
685,Amit Mali,"February 14, 2023",outstanding. loved it before. But paid for blue tick. And it's not activated. So cancelled monthly subscription. Waiting to get refund.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
686,Anton Jones,"February 4, 2023",Video audio keeps playing when I'm on an entirely different section of the app. Stupid closed captioning won't turn off! 🤬🤬🤬,59 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
687,Alexis Stone,"February 7, 2023","This app is great for anyone who wants to stay up-to-date on the latest news and events in the media. It provides a list of trending topics, as well as the opinions of influential people in that field. It's a great way to stay informed without having to read endless news articles.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
688,Red Jones,"February 8, 2023","Since it currently doesn't even seem able to let you post any tweets, it's rather useless. Not even a notification to explain what's going on. Hopeless.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
689,Alan Slater,"February 18, 2023",Twitter is getting worse by the day. Why am I not seeing my notifications ? I have to search for replies. Twitter is awful and getting worse. I used to love twitter but recently it has become a chore. It's supposed to be fun not hard work. GET IT SORTED !,19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
690,Oun,"February 9, 2023","every updates are useless and its just making twitter much worse. the new UI is pretty much confusing to understand and too crowded, its not pleasing to see. twitter nowadays often broke suddenly for no apparent reasons",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
691,DRIE Z,"February 5, 2023",the message button didnt appear in some friend profile. also new timeline UI made made the new tweet or latest sometimes not appearing in the timeline.,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
692,NoahOr Nat,"February 8, 2023","When i try to log back in, it just doesn't want to work, and if i try to do anything that involves switching accounts or making or logging in it will say ""try your request later""",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
693,Ren,"February 11, 2023","Many unnecessary features have become annoying since this app changed hands, and you must pay for them. Limits are frequently encountered. I'm unable to create a new account.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
694,Raihan Razalee,"February 5, 2023",It's getting worse.. I don't get the notification.. The video quality is bad and loading whilst my internet connection is good.. It's so disappointing..,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
695,anita wilcox,"February 15, 2023",Had this for 2 yrs now. Recently started playing up. Crashing every time sending a reply to a tweet or a new tweet. Only allowing plain retweet and likes! Trying to contact support is worse!,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
696,Ben Quevedo,"February 11, 2023","The only social media I'd ever need or want could simply be here and already something I've grown bored of. Over the years I've gone through so many different accounts for email, dating sites, random job or tax accounts, and Twitter accounts. Twitter appealing unlike any other social media app available. Putting forth a metric by way of character limits for names and posts to the public, we find we begin to make almost anything tweet worthy. I feel like Twitter will evolve immensely over time.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
697,Kyle Lewandowski,"February 10, 2023",The app is constantly having issues now. Pics not loading. Only a few tweets showing up in my timeline. The app is just absolutely horrible now.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
698,Kimberly B,"February 8, 2023","Suddenly earlier won't load any messages, says my credentials don't allow it. I cannot post. And it's like that on all my accounts. Not just on one",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
699,Cornerstone Paul (Evergreen),"February 18, 2023",Two step verification is no more working. Twitter should do something about it. Account should be secured and not vulnerable. Or should found others way to secure account. Not everyone is blue subscriber,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
700,Lisa López,"February 8, 2023","every day it gets worse! what's going on with the daily limit tweets? like, twitter is to talk and you are putting a limit??? ridiculous! and also find terrible the 'for you' category if the same tweets from 'following' are there, also I wanna see the ones from the one people I follow only, ugh! and I find useless the stadistics of each tweet being so visible! how I wish things were like before.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
701,Wagner Tsuchiya,"February 12, 2023","App is getting worse, deep links don't work anymore and there has been a lot of weird bugs lately, like couldn't follow new people one day, couldn't see tweets from a specific person...",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
702,2188 No.23,"February 18, 2023","Remove that stupid view acount, that thing is useless. Its gonna make the UI very cluttered. Also why only blue check twitters get to have two-factor authentication??!?! Worse changes I have ever seen.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
703,Virginia Truax,"February 13, 2023",It's not letting me sign in or even make a new one after getting a new phone due to the last one breaking. It's absolutely annoying and I am going to uninstall it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
704,Brenner Meier,"February 19, 2023","If you're looking for a way to stay up-to-date on all the latest media chatter, this app is perfect for you! With its wealth of topics to choose from, you can learn about what's hot in the world of entertainment, news, politics and more. Plus, by following and speaking to the many thought-leaders in these areas, you can really get a feel for what's going on and what you should be paying attention to. Whether you're a casual media consumer or an aspiring journalist, this app is a must-have!",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
705,Justin Binkle,"February 3, 2023","My account was permanently suspended with no explanation. After initiating the process to review this decision, I'm still awaiting a response from Twitter support more than two months later. I haven't tweeted anything since 2018... so I'm really confused as to what rule I may have broken to result in an account ban at the end of 2022. I just want to regain the ability to follow the people and parties that I'm interested in.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
706,Beta Max,"February 18, 2023","Ever since the king of Twitter has arrived, it's so much cooler. I'm not cool with hate speech of any kind, but we need to have free speech. We need to hear opposing views because we're not right about everything.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
707,Queen Aquafina,"February 11, 2023","Top best musician app with artists that still a ""Work In Progress"". Always was, always has been, always will be!",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
708,Glenis Marie,"February 7, 2023","the update is so bad, the photos and videos on my timeline doesn't load even though i have a stable internet connection. FIX IT this is ridiculous",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
709,james lenagar,"February 5, 2023","At certain times, postings shift as though a arrow up or home key has been pressed. Posting below the one being read disappears even thou I had seen it's headline.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
710,Sariel Tran,"February 18, 2023","recent updates bugging the app out, I'm not seeing half my timeline on 'latest tweets' and 'home' shows way too many tweets with muted words, only way to use the app is block on sight at every mention of a muted word.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
711,Glen Miccah Singua,"February 7, 2023",Nothing is wrong with my connection but I suddenly couldn't see any photos. Why???? Please fix it! I did uninstalled and clear cache nothing happens. 😤,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
712,Alex Pashea,"February 19, 2023","Recent updates just mess with the ui it already had. Some of the updates were nice, but a majority are terrible. Unless you pay for Twitter, you'll get about 2 ads ever 2 posts, which is just insane.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
713,Beren Uzlu,"February 8, 2023","I dont see what we are getting on with all of these new, useless features. Less is more. Now the app is weirder and not in a good way. Someone is ruining twitter for sure.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
714,Ben,"February 19, 2023",Great experience so far! I've always just used Twitter on a web browser via TweetDeck but since Elon Musk has bought the company I wanted to dive deeper into more features. Looking forward to more positive things to come from these new times!,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
715,DJ Allie,"February 4, 2023","Using twitter is amazing, but i hope the developer of this app make it more accessible for the visually impaired or blind people because we are using voice over or talkback.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
716,Main Uddin,"February 6, 2023",I want to create a account but it couldn’t open. I try to open many times but it couldn’t open. They said they currently Couldn't register this phone number.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
717,Andy Moh P,"February 19, 2023",The image and video are really slow to load even tho the connection are good Edit : And now the 'recent' homescreen can't be refreshed unless I use the homepage with a bunch of unrelated topic shown,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
718,Mark Sexton,"February 14, 2023","This app has gone downhill fast in the last couple of months, to the point now where they won't tell you what the updates are for, and I don't trust the app to just press update!",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
719,Hemp Knight,"February 10, 2023",Works great on my Tablet. Just wish the video quality can be more clear but overall happy with app. Elon did an outstanding job.,0,5,twitter
720,robert biberich,"February 9, 2023","As a new user, and given the few glitches I have seen/experienced, Twitter is a great service. Elon and his support team move exceptional quickly to resolve issues.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
721,Wally Guzman (Wolfman),"February 5, 2023","Updates are horrible, everytime an update comes they always messed something up. Last update removed the direct message, now people with Android or IOS can't message their friends or family members on this app",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
722,Raphael Chukwusom,"February 19, 2023",One of the best social networking apps in the world; if not the best. No peeping through your privacy all the time yet delivers like no other.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
723,Sven,"February 20, 2023",The app became much more unstable since musk takeover. Always need to refresh manually to get new tweets. Takes usually much longer than before. Annoying.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
724,Sarah Alphonsus,"February 11, 2023","Very useless update! Ever since I updated my Twitter, it has been horrible, I hate that I made the mistake of updating it. Lagged videos, buggs and everything terrible. Twitter is about to be my worst app ever",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
725,David Kuria,"February 9, 2023",Great app. Actually the only social media I use nowadays. The only area of improvement is to BAN ALL Porn and contextualize the experience for regions. You can be the Best in the market,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
726,Rochene Relator,"February 9, 2023",Bring back the DM button and embedding on android. Fix the bugs on videos. Remove the views count. And give us the bookmark folders we've been asking for so long. Listen to your users.,20 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
727,A F,"February 10, 2023","Stopped using for a long time in 2016. Picked it back up during rumors of elon buying. Not a fan of everything he does, but I do think that Twitter is a better platform now. Hopefully more to come.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
728,Harp Serrano,"February 15, 2023",Really went downhill. The UI is much worse. Auto-refreshes randomly. Toxic place to be. Algorithm is terrible.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
729,Katie Fox,"February 8, 2023","Just within the last hour I'm unable to tweet & I can't mesg. It says ""your credentials don't allow for this function"" & all my mesgs are gone. I updated app bc I can still like tweets. What's going on",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
730,sofia west,"February 4, 2023","New home page is annoying as hell just put the normal homepage back. The 5 stars are all people who worship musk thats why they say like one sentence most times. Or ""its working for me"" 5 star reviews that can't comprehend that glitches and bugs dont hit every device but its an issue when they hit the MAJORITY of devices. Also if you NEED a for you page make it based off my likes. Stop giving me dumbass right wing creators who dont want me to have rights.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
731,Sal Demetriou,"February 2, 2023","Absolutely ridiculous that you have to use a phone number to validate an account, and you can't use a number more than once. Do I really have to buy a burner phone to open an account for my band? Absolute retard company",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
732,Robotics on earth,"February 11, 2023",Very bad 😡😡i can't singup new account ..number verification problem is a big issue 😡😡😡 don't send verification code when code send but not received my number...so please solve this problem as soon as possible...we suffering this problem most,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
733,Kalolawahine Yuhasz,"February 14, 2023","I like most about it, subject/filter settings show relevant topics. Just shy of 5 due to not seeing subscribed user tweets in my feed unless I turn on all notifications.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
734,teri McKeown,"February 9, 2023",dont care for all those stats. just that i can post and private message. able to edit messages would be nice. and add multiple pictures at once in chats,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
735,Philip Lusung,"February 18, 2023","Ive used this since October and now that I was trying to to get in twitter and log in cuz I tapped a link to someone's acc that I have been trying to find it suddenly went ""error"" and logged me out of my acc now I can log in! So 2 stars",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
736,Edward Douglas,"February 11, 2023","Great functioning, easy to use, fun way to stay in touch with family and friends. Would be nice to have an edit option but not a big deal",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
737,Beatrice Ushiromiya,"February 9, 2023",All basic features that was free previously suddenly became paid. All changes as of late is extremely annoying.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
738,Chris Robert,"February 20, 2023",Blocking the ability to get verified if you only have a VOIP number is just lazy. It is also a terrible practice to require a carrier cell number in your database.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
739,Rallo Vulpus,"February 5, 2023",Falling apart at the seams. Not enough devs for such a massive platform and it's clear the management is not competent. Dorsey was a weirdo but at least he mostly knew how to run the company and make a good app/website,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
740,Sujay Shedge,"February 8, 2023","My company Twitter account was verified and was having a blue tick, but from some days it not showing up. How can we fix this and bring back the blue tick. Twitter team please help with the solution.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
741,Simge Naçar,"February 13, 2023",I try to create an account but it says 'something went wrong' everytime. I even deleted the app and install it again but it didn't work. Please fix this problem.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
742,Ted Green,"February 3, 2023",Its not the ownership we wanted but it's what we deserve. I still like to be able to see thumbnails when I post other media and want to see more social audio/video platform like the spaces they have,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
743,Brian Welker,"February 14, 2023","Can't create account. Doesn't work with email, Google login, or phone number. Error every time. Tried from multiple computers and phone.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
744,elili,"February 9, 2023",limit is stupid and new changes are useless take away the difference between yhe for you and following nobody wants that and stop moving the bookmark button and also take views away they're extremely annoying and aesthetically unpleasant.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
745,Jumah Abdulmojeed,"February 2, 2023","I can't watch videos again, they don't play and if they do, it would like I would mostly not continue. I can't watch videos, the app is spoilt",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
746,Ihuoma Uwakwe,"February 8, 2023","Informative and at the same time fun.I like that, I have a recent issue I discovered. the feed refreshes way too often .Makes enjoying tweets difficult.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
747,Samantha Gregson,"February 13, 2023",I regret updating the app. It's awful now. It's almost impossible for it to load new tweets. It's bulky using and turning me off from even wanting the app.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
748,Luszek,"February 14, 2023","Twitter mobile is ridiculous. Dms are now in shambles, nothing shows in feed from anyone, notifications disappear for no reason, it works awful and they're doing nothing but making it worse.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
749,Michaela,"February 18, 2023","""Only Twitter Blue subscribers can use two factor text messaging authentication"" - why would I need to PAY to keep my account secure?! I almost got hacked if it weren't for this option. Now you're saying I have until MARCH to remove it or I'll lose access to my account?! Twitter has been ruined!",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
750,satyam soni,"February 4, 2023",There is not such an option to rate ZERO otherwise i would have given ZERO for sure. That was my worst decision upgrading twitter n hell message option is totally vanished. I need that message option back.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
751,DnllRisse,"February 8, 2023",Please fix this. I can't message or tweet anything. I can't even reply. The updates in this app is very annoying and frustrating. Help us!!!,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
752,mjc0961,"February 10, 2023",The latest update made it so I have to pull down to refresh my feed two or three times before it finally loads new tweets. It NEVER works the first time. Very frustrating.,66 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
753,justin frank,"February 4, 2023",The news feed is gone. Zero news other than stocks and crypto. And now the app defaults to the “for you” timeline every time I reopen it.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
754,Danielle Halliwell,"February 18, 2023","I have a Samsung Galaxy 10 and it goes to white screen after login. What do I do to solve this. I've tried Cache removal, I've tried uninstall and reinstall the app. I've tried restarting my phone. What do I do?",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
755,Ron B.,"February 3, 2023","Keeps crashing. Tried Uninstall, turning phone off/on. Clear casche. Sent tweet to Twitter but did not get one single response.",27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
756,Miss Riggs,"January 6, 2023","I've never been on Twitter much until just recently. Downloaded it a couple times over the years, found it boring and deleted it soon after. I'm actually interested in what people have to say now, definitely seems like less censorship. Nice to have social media that isn't one sided and completely manipulated. The fact the Elon Musk knows what's up is quite intriguing.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
757,Braden Voyles,"February 8, 2023","App has gotten terrible since Musk took over. UI gets worse every update, app keeps running slower, and sometimes you just can't tweet.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
758,Sunny Ost,"February 5, 2023",Nothing changes from the web version. This a waste of my phone memory that adds a few clicks and makes me scroll again.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
759,Takudzwa Chanyau,"January 26, 2023","The ""For you"" tab is very annoying especially because it's the default tab when you open the app. I can assure you that ""Following"" is better because I specifically chose to follow all those accounts.🤦",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
760,Naji abu Khadir,"February 3, 2023",A very bad application. I do not recommend downloading the application because it is bad and does not protect privacy and does not allow expression of opinion and freedom,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
761,Brad C,"February 5, 2023",Don't like how location was turned on without my knowledge. That was never ever enabled with my consent. Check your settings I bet there is more invasive settings enabled,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
762,Anyanke,"February 8, 2023",Terrible. Clearly doesn't care about it's users and only cares about their sponsors and things that will get them money. EDIT: Now it's EVEN WORSE. New management sucks and clearly is just trying to milk money from people. Move to a different social platform. Clearly this one has lost what small amount of dignity it has left and absolutely does not care for it's users.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
763,Tibor Sandor,"November 18, 2022","I haven't been using this long enough, but there are a few things I noticed. The mute button on videos sometimes disappears, quite annoying. Also, scrolling on the suggested people sometimes brings out the side menu, while scrolling in the direction opposite to what should bring it out, it's weird and annoying.",812 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
764,Anjan Chakraborty,"December 16, 2022","Can't Login, did not get the Verification Code (2FA) via SMS, tried several times. Only get a Pop Up notification showing ""We cannot send a text message to this phone number because its operator is not supported"".",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
765,Annant Debnath,"February 10, 2023","I think this was the one and only app where i can surf the things that i actually need. Fully satisfied with the features, no ones fake here, may be fake profiles.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
766,Rebecca Fuller,"January 23, 2023","What a terrible update! Instead of my feed being the home page, Twitter's suggestions, called ""for you,"" is home. This could be an option, but not the default with no way to change it. Quit trying to tell me what to read.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
767,Shahira N,"December 25, 2022","New: Is it necessary to add view counts? It's so messy because too many numbers. Please consider removing this. And one more, I noticed that accounts and words that I muted appear again on my timeline. Please fix it too. Old: The new interface is so ugly... I still can see mute and block accs when I search something on search bar and words that I muted sometimes appeared on my timeline too. Please fix these.",12 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
768,Cello Persad,"December 29, 2022","Your app is great. But please, I like to refresh on my own. Every time i scroll, in the middle of reading the app refreshes and start from beginning. The refresh is to fast.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
769,Jody Rencewicz-Orfe,"December 12, 2022","I am fundamental architecture data analyst...data traveling through software is KEY. Your login sw is a conumdrum. The shortest distance between 2 points is a straight line. SW failed...I can't log in, email phone number..., and don't know what it is....I pursue through SW...complicated dead end over and over again ang again",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
770,L. P.,"December 23, 2022","Amongst literally everything else, the new views feature is bad. There was already the view activity. Why did this need to be added? I've seen many people say that it's giving them anxiety, including myself. I don't want to be forced to see the views. Bad feature.",7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
771,Iron mat,"January 13, 2023","No problem with the app itself, I just have a problem with it's account issue, you can't retrieve your mobile account without using your number but my problem is that I didn't use my number to create my account, just my email, AND THERE IS NO OPTION TO USE MY EMAIL. SO I'M CURRENTLY STUCK HERE TRYING TO SIGN IN AGAIN.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
772,Michael Kenny,"January 8, 2023","Got my new phone and Twitter no longer works. Went to there ""help"" website for them to tell me to uninstall then reinstall which I did multiple times and still doesn't work. I know it works with my phone because it was working on my old one and I replaced it with the same one because it broke.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
773,Raj Kamal,"January 11, 2023","Videos play on for 5 to 6 seconds and keeps on buffering, even when the signal is full and other apps are working fine. Very worst, it's not even eligible to get 1 star",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
774,Nic M,"January 27, 2023","A little buggy...I can't see the message icon on a profile page anymore with people I follow and visa versa, also the dm messages are disappearing and only appear again when a message is sent again. Please fix!",4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
775,Sharon Miklos-Thompson,"January 26, 2023","Never thought I'd join Twitter. Now I can't quit it. There are unfortunate issues these days that diminish the experience, but not enough to abandon 12k new 'friends'. It serves an important purpose; hopefully, it won't be scuttled or changed too much. It should be allowed to continue to evolve organically.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
776,ObscurityShade MJ,"December 26, 2022","It's really gone downhill since the takeover, but not only that, it's started saving photos I already have on my camera roll again, and I can't find a setting to turn it off.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
777,Michael Hill,"January 13, 2023","Now that the disgusting FBI aren't running interference, I love it since Elon took over. I never cared about it until he took over. I can't stand apps with a political bias or owners who push their agenda through their apps. Elon may have faults but he is far and away the leader of freedoms. He embodies excellence and reaching for the stars!😎 I do love the freedom of expression but the app constantly freezes up. The following/follower issue bothers me. It is a nagging problem with limits.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
778,Rahul gupta,"February 4, 2023",My space audio is breaking every 10 sec no able to hear properly. Automatically getting out of the space,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
779,Darren Capoto,"February 11, 2023",I've been trying to activate the account but it keeps on taking me back to the previous page the whole time I've been receiving on time pins and it doesn't seem to be working,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
780,Kind shots,"January 6, 2023",Not only a platform to connect to the world but a big burst to the implementation of changes in the whole world. Everyone is free to put their words and to gets more positive solution as compared with another platforms.,16 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
781,M R,"February 2, 2023","Need help relinking my Twitter to my PlayStation as it got unlinked on its own, and what good is it having contact is form I can't talk to no body, becoming ridiculous and idiotic I swear can't even send y'all a email to get assistance clearly a bug/issue on your end I can login into my account on every device but my PlayStation 5 where I was already signed in you guys did something or have something broken so fix all your problems",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
782,Rushil,"February 17, 2023",New bug spotted. You can't like a video/photo if you've opened it. You have to go out of media and then like. Please fix fast,"11,321 people found this review helpful",4,twitter
783,A Google user,"February 2, 2023",Continuing to provide a worse and worse UX with each release. And the changes are far too fast to get used to.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
784,Harris,"February 1, 2023","The chronological timeline is the ONLY TIMELINE VIEW I EVER WANT. Current version forces the garbage timeline view every time you open the app now. Uninstalling until this ""feature"" is removed.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
785,Felipe Suárez,"February 1, 2023","Last update is terrible, having the for you/following tabs is really annoying, even more when you already have a few lists pinned there on the top so now these new two tabs take a lot of space making navigation slower",71 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
786,Phillip Stewart,"February 3, 2023",The app is being improved and new features added at a rapid pace. Once the refresh while reading bug gets fixed. It will be perfect.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
787,Mike Bann,"February 16, 2023",Less bots then other platforms. Kinda new so still learning how to use it effectively but do think it can keep me in touch with current affairs and stay within my interests. Interesting platform for sure...,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
788,Jeanette,"February 15, 2023","The setting to change which set of emojis you can use is no longer available. Please add new and exciting features for us, rather than taking away the features that your users are still using and enjoying.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
789,Konrad Adamski,"February 13, 2023","If you're seeking a method to keep up with the most up to date in social networks information, after that this app is for you! By using this app, you can Retweet, chip in on a thread, go viral, and much more! This application is an excellent way for you to remain current on all the most up to date happenings in the social networks globe.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
790,Nizar Nassar,"February 16, 2023",Ever since Elon took over the app has improved significantly in all aspects. I applaud the man for his incredible work of freeing freedom of speech and revealing to the world hidden secrets of the elite. Thank you keep up the great work!,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
791,Andy Green,"February 16, 2023","Argh! MeWe does it. And now Twitter! The incredibly intrusive floating ""Add Tweet"" icon! I'm forever pressing it by mistake when scrolling through tweets with my right thumb! PLEASE allow users to determine where it can be placed!",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
792,Tamizhl Shelvvi,"February 14, 2023",Its not an update ... Its a bugdate ... App full of bugs.. # Unable to see Group DM # Unable to see Where the conversation left in group message .. it always shows recent conversations .. # Worst timeline features you and following TL Still it's more,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
793,Helen Robinson,"February 15, 2023","Love twitter it's keeping me updated with everything. I love how I get to make new friends, follow my favourite celebrities and even on occasion get to interact with them. I love how diverse it is. I love getting to see the cute dogs and animals too.",31 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
794,thoughtful Wise,"February 9, 2023",Doodles for Freddie Mac OS X version of the year again when we all pledge to change something about ourselves we rarely used to change something about ourselves we rarely used to change something about ourselves we all have any problems with the following ad listing the property is a good day please see attached to change the intended recipient please notify us at the following URL to the following ad listing is this new version is a problem completing and I will send and any other questions or,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
795,Anything_ the_crew_2,"February 2, 2023",Great social media app but... BRING BACK THE DIRECT MESSAGING BUTTON!!!! I can't get in contact with new followers cause there is no DM button! If this issue is fixed I will upgrade my rating to 5 stars!,6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
796,E C,"February 2, 2023","Since the last update, the DM option has disappeared from all my followers. The only way I can send is if I've sent one before and I go into my DM tab, or by getting them to message me first.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
797,Kerron Yale,"February 2, 2023","Please stop making the For You tab the default tab. I prefer to see tweets in chronological order. Worst of all is that some tweets from those you follow won't show up in the Following tab, but do so in the For You tab.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
798,Jane A,"February 8, 2023","(1)Now, the notifications always come late or sometimes never come at all (2)When we scroll down an account's old tweet in their own timeline history and then we click on one of the tweet, we have to go back to the most recent tweet and have to scroll down again (3) When I tweeted a few times in my twitter circle from multiple devices, suddenly my account got locked up. Twitter said to tweet publicly so many people can see and prove I'm human, but when I do that my message can't be seen publicly",581 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
799,H L K Travels,"February 1, 2023","From last week a direct message option is disappeared even if both follows each other and then constantly shuffling like, comment, retweet and share buttons makes it so annoying...",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
800,tm fisher,"February 2, 2023","Love intelligence in masses, even if someone says something stupid you learn from that too. Like new options, I think by not boxing people into their jobs (most people have witnessed a lot of jobs,) everything is like a Leonardo de Vince, Jack of all trades, master of some. I can't even get a good chess game anymore. At least conversation can b stimulating. No complaints. Grade A++ keep up the good work, don't forget to laugh !",0,5,twitter
801,Dwi Meryastuti,"February 5, 2023","Views feature is literally useless. The blue tick is unnecessary, you switched twitter as a business and took the benefit urself. Pls bring the previous twitter version back!",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
802,Hina Kagiyama,"January 31, 2023","Recent update removed a ton of crucial features, including (but not limited to): -The ability to mute videos -The ability to send messages to other users",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
803,Peggy 1539,"January 31, 2023","This app has some of the most annoying/idiotic people on earth. It's like everyone becomes dumber, violent and way more prone to showing all their disgusting desires. Every interaction is like dodging bullets in a minefield and if you happen to be in a circle of people that believe you're wrong get ready to get harassed by people you've never met. But hey you sacrifice your sanity and will to live in order to keep up with the trends, welcome to Twitter.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
804,Steve Garland,"January 31, 2023",Lacking in many important features. Very non-intuitive and non customizable interface.,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
805,Owen,"February 15, 2023","Can't stand the owner tbh. And takes forever to refresh with latest tweets and notifications. Also, I get followed by a new porn account every day so it's a hassle having to constantly block them.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
806,Ryann Mallon,"February 16, 2023",Posts wont load on any of my accounts. I try on my mobile browser and it works fine. Couldn't find any fix though clearing cache or deleting app or restarting,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
807,dedsoul,"February 16, 2023","Random crashes, unstable, stutters, lags. The whole user experience is a mass.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
808,Raja Rajendra,"February 15, 2023",I really like all of the mechanics and stuff they or very helpful I can like follow my favorite YouTubers and stuff but I wish there was a group chat where your messages are not private but you can set them private to any person or not do it I want that to be an update,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
809,Nick Otmazgin,"February 17, 2023","Excellent, one of the best, prolific, awesome, great, comfortable, accessable, fun-able :-), easy and likeable. Thank you twitter, appreciated. always recommended!.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
810,Wa'ad Bader,"February 8, 2023","I've been using Twitter since years and it was never annoying this much before! It's so sad to see how it's changing like this with so many difficulties, hope it's gonna get better at some point! Because I do really love Twitter. 🥲",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
811,Rachel Frase,"February 7, 2023","Can't create an account. Stuck in a never ending loop of entering my info and code, then it rests me to the start saying 'something went wrong'. Ugh.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
812,Yana,"February 2, 2023","I used to love this app. The latest update is just awful. Very inconvenient, in the tab ""for you"" posts are not updated, just the same thing is duplicated. Return as it was before.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
813,Pete,"February 15, 2023","User experience getting worse. Simple images in your stream take an age to load, much less video. Accounts you follow don't show in your Followed stream, which annoyingly isn't the default stream.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
814,Kunal Singh,"February 8, 2023",As of today I can't see random tweets that make the app fun to use. There are two sections of following and for you. And both of them are showing the same tweets.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
815,No ID,"February 15, 2023",They have taken the ability to view latest Tweets. I will now see them hours and days afterwards. There is no option to fix it either. They have broken this app.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
816,Hilal AKINCI,"February 8, 2023","When I try to log in I get an error ""something isnt right..."" I deleted the app and reinstalled but it is same. It is more than one month now.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
817,Vallen Della,"February 17, 2023","So annoying, slow and useless. You'll search for an artist to go through their latest TL but so far as an account has that artist name, you'll start seeing things not related to the artist, so annoying",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
818,blessed jonathan,"February 2, 2023",This is way more easy and good to use... And at least I'm not having to clear useless ads while using it which gives me a smooth and fun experience...,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
819,Gareth Walton,"February 17, 2023",Is my go-to app when bored and looking to kill time. It's also a great source of news and always a great place to find out gossip!!,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
820,David Filskov,"February 23, 2023","No way to stop notifications about people who like other people's replies :| - and the like buttons are broken on open imagea or videos - often the same with adding people to lists: ""Something went wrong"" or nothing happens.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
821,Rommel YM77,"February 15, 2023",Using the app is nice fast reliable but to ahort on writting comments. Only capacity is that short. Extent it or hopefully nxt update has no limit on comments... it will be a great thing...,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
822,Christine Carreon,"February 15, 2023",the app is just terrible. the photos won't load as well as the videos. it's always lagging. fix it.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
823,Lo La,"February 16, 2023","app has not loaded any images in a week. considering the entire musk mess I'm not expecting any reply or change, just wanted to complain. trash app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
824,Vicky Matt,"February 15, 2023","Better Twitter. I can see a complete revolution and renovation of Twitter. Better ad sense, flow of posts, refreshing timelines, better blue tick management. I like it now",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
825,Muhammad Irshad,"February 2, 2023","I am using this app from 2009 After monetizing everything, this app is loosing charm for general public. The recent change of removing DM facility is annoying and disturbing.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
826,Antoni Nuñez,"February 8, 2023","Elon's Twitter is broken. The ""like"" button keeps unliking. Videos have this weird fast-forward glitch where the timer keeps counting.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
827,Joseph Dundee,"February 15, 2023","Mid February 2023 twitter is installing on my new device soon , Imma bless it and not overcrowd it on that device , as twitter has continued in blessing me. Just great each time , cant ,or wont have so much time to review all of my suggestions. , Followed people and /or tags show what I like being showed, smile... ! ... !! ... !!!",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
828,MadScientist GamingCentral,"February 18, 2023","The twitter staff are morons, they monitized a basic security function so now you have to pay in order to emable text message authentication. I suggest not bothering with this app entirely.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
829,๔คгк เภς,"January 20, 2023",App has started to become broken it seems. Closes out when reading comments or tweets. Also refreshes the feed itself in the middle of looking at something. Please fix this!,23 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
830,Steve,"October 21, 2022","The Twitter app is handy for having something that sends me notifications (and I always have them). On the other hand, using a web browser to pull up Twitter gives me the ability to bounce around to different posts, but then easily backtrack to a particular post I was in the middle of reading before getting distracted. You can't do that in the app. This is true of all such social/news apps. So I often find myself using the browser as much as the app.",426 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
831,Gift :D,"September 5, 2022","The user experience is bad. 1. You could be deep in someone's timeline but after viewing one of their pictures or videos you get sent back right to the beginning, irregardless of what device you use. Can you please fix this issue. 2. We are forced to wtach videos with these large and distracting captions on.","1,185 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
832,Arthur Walker,"December 27, 2022","Simply, the app is unstable, and prone to crashing. The new ownership hasn't been good for the platform, even just from a technical and usability standpoint.",9 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
833,Andrew Forsythe,"January 21, 2023","Latest update seems to have added a ""For You"" and ""Following"" tabs at the top of the twitter feed. There needs to be an option to set a default as to which one to open the app to. Or better still get rid of the ""For You"" tab as it does not seem to serve any purpose.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
834,G0thicus,"December 24, 2022","Quality of the app been decreasing since leadership change. Adding new, unnecessary features that clunk up the ux and make it seem so ugly. It's laggy and slow. The features don't even work properly and new staff members are politically biased and unprofessional in attitude towards criticism.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
835,James Wilson,"January 23, 2023",Latest update is terrible. Not interested in the 'for you' feed and it doesn't remain on the 'following' feed when you close the app and automatically refresh. Dreadful,13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
836,Hampus Eckerman,"January 22, 2023","The app is just getting worse and worse. More spammers, more scammers, more nazis and racists. Add to that the sabotage of existing functionality that makes it harder to read the tweets in your timeline in the order you want to. It's fascinating how quick you can destroy something.",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
837,Dreads Nocapp,"February 14, 2023","I lost my account, this is not the first time, once i create a new account some months later it will get locked Trying to authenticate it's showing error, mehn it's disgusting a whole twitter is this bad🤬",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
838,Soumya S,"December 19, 2022","The new update sucks! The app stops responding every 10 minutes, sometimes the keyboard stops responding, basically a very bad screen experience.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
839,Geoff Barnes,"January 1, 2023","In the last couple of weeks, this app constantly crashes, takes ages to register that I've typed a tweet, just overall become really buggy. Not what you'd expect from a twitter app.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
840,Cedric Kyeswa,"February 5, 2023","I like everything except that I cannot find people in a particular area, when I need to. I think there should be some immediate location feature such that we may be able to locate each other with ease. Thanks",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
841,Nicholas Paufler,"January 20, 2023","Defaulting to the useless ""for you"" feed instead of the chronological timeline makes the app massively less useful. I have no interest in that functionality.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
842,Mandy Wood,"January 31, 2023",Still navigating around and getting familiar with the app. Am finding it informative and helpful to me. Not completely sure my opinion counts as yet though. Maybe I'll build confidence.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
843,jth,"January 16, 2023","The app and service are falling apart. Ads ads ads, incessant recommendations you don't want to see, features breaking or flat out being removed constantly. Use anything but Twitter.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
844,Faizal Achmad,"January 22, 2023",All the changes are unnecessary. Like there's something changed every single week and we have to adapt again. And the 'View' feature is useless to be honest. Twitter is now sucks.,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
845,Wendy Griffioen,"January 20, 2023",Fun new experience since Musk took over. Algorithms are still a little messy but over all I'm seeing the fun stuff I want to see. I'm loving Spaces!! SO interactive!! I was off for a long time but am addicted to it now!,9 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
846,ROMVLVS OSB,"December 17, 2022","Under new management, Twitter is getting better day by day. More useful features, faster, fewer bugs, better user support. If you sign up using the web browser, Twitter Blue is only $8 a month and well worth the price for all of the additional benefits. Twitter is much more democratic also. Everyone is a celebrity!",20 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
847,Jamal Hussain,"February 17, 2023","What happened to the news, sports and all the other tabs? I found them useful and now it's been removed. Feels like another useless app like Instagram or tiktok",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
848,Nicole Sandez,"January 15, 2023","My feed is nothing but ""you may like this"" tweets and a few tweets from people i follow. It's just a load of barnacles and it's slowly becoming as bad as Facebook is now. When I follow people the app freezes completely and I have to force close and restart.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
849,E tinos,"January 20, 2023","With the new update, I keep setting up ""Following"", but the app keep switching to *For you"". It's annoying, am not interested in some algorithms telling what I may want or need or like to see.",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
850,khoabane mokiti,"January 7, 2023","The app has been displaying the security issue for over a month now with the only option being to update it, which takes forever loading. I can't access my account.",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
851,GAMA Eco-net,"February 10, 2023","I been using Twitter for long ago, for diferente reasons. Nowadays I found it's a very effective tool to be used when communication with services providers need to improve their products or services and the results are awesome 👍🏻 💯%",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
852,Dieter Maier,"December 31, 2022",I don't find it easy to deal with all those ever-changing & escalating digitalisation stuff. I prefer dealing with people rather than machines. I'm of the old school,6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
853,Tiara Chairunnisa,"February 14, 2023","The newest update is sucks, you just added bunch of useless features, but the most useful one is gone. Bring back the 'Twitter Moment'!",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
854,Beenish Masroor,"February 20, 2023",So Far I have. No problem with this app. It keeps me updated with the information thats not available elsewhere. I want Twiter to continue its cause in freedom of speech.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
855,Michael Koch,"January 3, 2023",Still the best and most widely used short message app. Adding features like video and podcasts would be a great.,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
856,Abhishek Sharma,"February 9, 2023",Twitter is acting awful lately. Tweets aren't getting any reach plus algorithm pushing unwanted tweets is damn excruciating. What's even the point of using the app if everything goes south.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
857,Maria Strs2910,"December 11, 2022","I can't see my timeline. every time I open Twitter there must be a notification that the apk is not working. Even though my network is good, why is it so hard to use it? please pay more attention. no more errors!",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
858,Beth O'Donoghue,"September 10, 2022","Recent update has broken it, the app is completely unusable. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it and I get the same problem. I can see my user icon at the top and all the navigation buttons at the bottom, however nothing works, feed doesn't load, icons don't do anything. It's been over a day now and seems like you don't seem to be acting on this issue.",905 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
859,MGBM Artworks NFT artist OpenSea,"February 6, 2023",Praising how much has been raising from the ground to be always found to be around. That's sound to see histories most profound have the gift to really gear shift in a rift.,55 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
860,Willie Striggs 3,"February 18, 2023",Still one of the top 3 social media apps in my own opinion. But I think the privacy settings could be better and updated.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
861,Manda Panda,"January 11, 2023",Engagement is just terrible now. Was getting hundreds of likes and awesome engagement 3 months ago. Now it's just pointless unless you pay a subscription for the service or have money for ads. Definitely weaseled out the poor people or small business owners who used Twitter.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
862,Legolas Greenleaf,"December 3, 2022",I am really frustrated with twitter with this new update Twitter has messed up video playing system this time. I don't know why they have to make it complicated which was already simple before. Double tapping on screen automatically gives like instead of foward/backward playback. Play button needs to be pressed to run Gifs files and videos. It was all automatic before the new update.,277 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
863,Ray Resendiz,"January 17, 2023",They just added a feature that makes it more like Instagram. They just spam my feed with garbage from two different recommendation feeds from people that paid for a blue check mark. So now they have two methods of shoveling excrement down your throat. Way to improve the site.,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
864,Disdainfully yours,"December 13, 2022",The only thing I can think to improve on right now would be setting up blue check verification for Android users. I feel like I'm almost talking to a wall when I tweet. I don't think verified accounts have much access to non-verified posts and vice versa. But in any case Elon and the team you guys are doing fantastic so happy to see things are moving in a better Direction.,9 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
865,Chloe Pugh,"December 28, 2022","It was never the best out there, but it was useful for keeping track of current events and posting silly takes. Now on top of that it's a safe haven for neo-Nazis and transphobes run by an insecure billionaire. Not worth it.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
866,Jacob Cescato,"February 18, 2023",Removing the most popular two factor authentication option unless you pay for it. Literally no one else makes you pay for account security this is a horrendous change,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
867,Kristina Cassandra Flores,"February 7, 2023","I've been using Twitter for a long time but only now I experienced errors, our wifi signal is strong but when I open Twitter it takes a while for pictures to appear",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
868,Tonnie Smith,"January 16, 2023","The Twitter app helps all the people that use it stay connected. Every time we login, we no longer feel alone. We communicate with important people without leaving our homes. Thanks to the creators of Twitter for an awesome way to express ourselves.",13 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
869,Craig M,"January 11, 2023",Works well. Cant wait for a new user interface though. Current interface is old and needs to be refreshed and made current.,7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
870,Cameron McKenzie,"January 23, 2023","The new 'For you' section is absolutely terrible. If I wanted to see other people's tweets, I'd follow them. I only want to see tweets from people I follow. Yes I can click on 'following', but I have to click on it every time I open the app. I'm considering uninstalling the app.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
871,GreyKid2015,"January 25, 2023","Well, the new update I was seeing everyone complain about finally automatically downloaded and I can see why they hate it. If you're going to add a new way to look at Twitter, don't make it the default, or at least give us the option to default to the original way",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
872,Post-it,"January 15, 2023","Videos stop, random endless loading (videos already playing), stop but the audio continues or the video skips automatically to the end causing all of these above... Such a mess, it's annoying. Pls fix",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
873,Eddie Leos,"January 4, 2023","This app started off great and all, but after a while it started to freeze up my phone and I've been having to hard reset it. Unacceptable, I thought it was my phone and was about to contact Google and I found out this was the culprit.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
874,Ludger Pütz (Medellino Fuente),"February 5, 2023",Twitter got way faster and better and supporting the idea of free speech since Elon Musk purchased it. So much better that I installed it again after years of just using it on the browser.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
875,Diego Lineros,"December 31, 2022","Used to work well, lastest update a disaster, you can't select, you can't reply, the feed skips, and general malfunction. Seems like all android devs got fired.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
876,Eli Kiboma,"December 29, 2022","App has recently been crashing when I scroll all the way to the bottom of the feed. When I try to scroll further, rather than loading next tweets, it crashes. I have Twitter for Android. Any suggestions?",6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
877,Awsome Sauce,"December 31, 2022","The absolute best social media app, I feel like an actual adult who doesn't get flagged for things I post because my freedom of speech, and expression are upheld, unlike other social media platforms (that are ironically owned by the same people), I can freely interact with others, and breathe easy when I do so.",70 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
878,GH Rajeh,"February 8, 2023","I can't tweet my tweets are failing to be sent I can't message any of my friends And why do you have ShadowBan thing It's frustrating, I barely tweet and I get ShadowBan every other day ... The new update is bad messaging is not working in IOS or Android.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
879,Rawaque Hizkil,"February 1, 2023",Why is this app takes so long to load images and tweets? Now it has stopped loading any images at all ! Plz fix this issue asap ! I am using Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
880,Jo Korn,"January 20, 2023","The social network and community? Enriching my life. The app? A total mess that keeps pushing unwanted, non-removable suggestions on me, is less than stable and the only thing it has going for it is the recent ban of all 3rd party clients, effectively locking users into this terrible piece of UX.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
881,The Ghost In The Machine,"January 4, 2023",This app has gone downhill even with Elon supposedly making it better for free speech. I can't access my account at all and it is not because I can't log in. And the is NO ONE who is capable of helping me. Either kill the app altogether or fix it so that it can be used correctly.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
882,Afolabi Micheal,"January 20, 2023","Why does the developer put this type of app on the phone, so embarrassing, have spend almost 1 hour creating account, when i login, it will take me back to create account, if i create account and singup , it will still take me back to create account, which is so embarrassing, wasting my data for nothing for almost 1 hour, need to be uninstall and not put any star,, because it's annoying me.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
883,Anieti Mendie,"February 3, 2023","Just after an update today, the inbox character box isn't displaying character as typed.. it's blank but sends the write up if you enter..",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
884,Johann Kennedy,"January 28, 2023","Don't like the latest update for Android. I would prefer the app to stay on Following tab when opening up, but defaults to For You. I can't even go back to using Ecofon. Thanks Twitter, well done.",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
885,That one fox,"February 1, 2023","At times notifications don't show up. Receiving new followers doesn't show up till I look through my list to see new faces, which a fair number of those followers as of late were literal bot accounts. And now the DM button is missing/gone on mobile, why??? Can anyone at Twitter hq or whoever runs this app explain the logical reasoning behind that!?",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
886,Jeff Livingston,"January 14, 2023",I have used this app for years and it has been exactly what was advertised. People talk and share pictures and memes and it is mostly fun. The occasional toxic nature of Twitter is the reason why it does not have five stars. The fact that this toxicity is not quite as regulated as I would prefer leaves me at 4 stars.,7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
887,August Kuefel,"February 16, 2023","Banned for no reason and the app is so poorly designed that the ""appeal"" button tries to search the URL within Twitter. Genuinely terribly designed and poorly managed piece of software. I would recommend using any other social media besides Twitter. Instagram, Snapchat, TikTok, and Facebook all work better and aren't owned by pseudointellectual pansy losers with massive insecurities. Delete Twitter if you have it download something else if you don't. UNINSTALLED FOREVER 👋",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
888,Teenpatti Gold,"January 22, 2023",I can't log in my account using the app where is can easily log on to my account using the web version! What's Wrong? can you guys please fix this issue for me !!! edit:my problem has been solved it wasn't your app fault my phone's google service was the reason. Best wishes for team Twitter,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
889,Farhan Rahman,"February 15, 2023","It crashes sometimes while playing videos, experiencing the same on Desktop as well.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
890,Rhayven Nite,"December 22, 2022",Recent update has made the words autocorrected flash white in dark mode which is a nightmare for photosensitive people with seizures so that's fun and not at all another indication of the accessibility team being fired or downsized massively 🙃 Making the app fairly unusable.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
891,Anastasia,"January 5, 2023",The videos keep crashing/freezing idk what's up i updated everything from app to my phone but it still bugging. I thought it will be fixed as Twitter was going thru some process but it's been a month bro,4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
892,Kwame Holdbrooke,"January 25, 2023","I'm enjoying this app, everything runs smoothly, the only thing I'm not happy about is that there's no option to store download pictures to an sd card, something like ""Prefered storage path"" option so that I can choose sd card as an option.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
893,Saran Kanagaraj,"February 15, 2023","It is like I am in the digital town square...warts and all. Get to listen to all voices. Well, almost all voices.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
894,Frog Push Eye on Weather,"January 10, 2023","When I couldn't login was still locked. I asked the ones who follow to please ask Elon to unlock it. While later, boom back to my account. I'm seeing both sides with opinions, which is good as long as they truly want your perspective.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
895,Cameron D.,"February 13, 2023","The issue with Twitter is the neurotic trashfire that is the home timeline's design. Tweets will often disappear and shuffle around with no rhyme or reason, suggested topics (which are annoyingly frequent and non-disableable) get less and less relevant the more you decline to follow them, and the auto-refresh feature causes for a horrible UX. All of these things could be disableable, but aren't. Update: it got exponentially worse.",269 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
896,Mako,"January 31, 2023","This new change to ""simplify"" the interface is ridiculous. It makes it harder to see where to DM someone, and makes it hard for creatives to be contacted by clientele.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
897,Stuart Millard,"December 21, 2022","Last update (early December) appears buggy - unable to compose/reply to tweets unless I kill the app from active memory and reload it afresh. Looks like Elon shouldn't have fired all those people, eh? 🤷🏻‍♂️",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
898,Geostigma 96,"February 9, 2023",I can no longer follow more people on Twitter and for some reason notifications aren't aren't coming through when I have it set up to let me know when someone tweets.,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
899,Hari Hembram,"January 29, 2023",After recent updates videos and other post are not loading properly and constantly buffering for videos. I can't watch a video properly. Please fix this or do something.,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
900,Fab Spatule,"January 16, 2023",Space Karen shut down the API used by 3rd party clients who have been so important for Twitter at the beginning without any warning not announcement. So after more than 13 years using Twitter with good polished clients I have now to deal with this really bad app which is almost not customizable. Well or not... I guess it's finally time to migrate to my Mastodon account.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
901,Pwu- Chan,"February 19, 2023","idk what's going on, but i don't like the new update, there's so much problem from the topic to the video, and the emoji i like that :( and twitter has been lagging a lot lately",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
902,nero,"January 26, 2023",The number of engagements that can be seen next to the comment section button looks out of place. It could also make some people anxious as to how many people sees and stumble upon their posts. Please bring back the old design/style!,43 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
903,Gwendolyn Howard,"January 24, 2023","I used Tweetcaster for years and loved it. Now, there is no choice but to use Twitter's own android app. It's clunky and not especially user friendly. It will ensure that I use Twitter less and less as time goes on. Thanks Elon.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
904,Drugz,"January 20, 2023","The app is good but, here's a suggestion making the music resume playing after clicking on a video, it's so annoying having to resume my music after every video",5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
905,Destiny Santana,"January 29, 2023","Dammit Elon, being back the ability to see latest tweets! This is a really awful app now. They are removing features slowly but surely. They just took away the DM button on people's profiles, making the ease of access to DM people no longer possible.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
906,Albert Ayala,"January 28, 2023","Twitter has many community echo systems. It's very easy to get sucked into a heated conversation regarding topics and ideals you're passionate about. I enjoy the challenge of keeping my composure, which I don't always succeed in, but I'm getting there! Twitter has shown me that the world will always be filled with stupid people. We must set them straight. Join me on this quest.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
907,Nawaz Bashir,"December 21, 2022",My two accounts aren't working two of my accounts have been blocked I had two game accounts built on them and they are both blocked even if I didn't did any thing wrong but I have logout of twitter accounts and they aren't logging in again after this update so please fix this issue and relieve me and many other people from this issue,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
908,Nabilads,"December 23, 2022","The tweet activity is not showing an accurate number of impression etc when i'm trying to refresh the page, this happend when I updated the Twitter application. Please fix it! Thank you.",5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
909,Nomusa Masango,"February 5, 2023",I haven't been able to send or receive DMs lately. What is the issue? Im not prompted to upgrade the app in play store either,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
910,Marc Beacom,"December 16, 2022","Over the past month there have been noticeable improvements regarding performance, quality of interactions, and far fewer bots. The ads are becoming more relevant to my interests and not spamming as before.",18 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
911,Kaye _,"February 18, 2023","Can you please remove the ""for you"" thingy it's annoying really, just bring back the ""latest tweet"" option it is so hard to find the latest tweet! gosh you keep making things complicated",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
912,Mfin Bar,"February 8, 2023","Bro one time I legit could not message and has to delete my entire account because it wouldn't send, and now I can't send anything because there is a supposed ""Bug"" in the app",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
913,Holly Eve,"December 30, 2022","It's lost all the personalisation that I used it for, and finally this week, it doesn't even launch for me anymore - get a message saying there's a 'bug' and to wait for a fix",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
914,Sahil Kr. Patro,"February 1, 2023","Hello Team, My twitter is not refreshing and not responding. Everytime I have to clear the app data then it works for few minutes and then again it's not responding. Please Twitter team resolve my issue as soon as possible. Thankyou.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
915,Ruslan Smirnov,"December 10, 2022",The improvement over the last couple of months is immensely visible. I've had a Twitter account for years but never used it because Twitter was the most toxic place on the planet. Now I log on every day. There is actually interesting new information and discussions taking place.,11 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
916,Manu 27,"January 22, 2023","App defaults to the ""for you"" page instead of your actual twitter timeline every time you open the app. I can't find a way to stop that. Thanks to everyones least favorit billionair this app is getting worse and worse",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
917,Dab510,"February 17, 2023","I can't like a post when I'm on a picture, I need to back out to the post to do that but I can comment, retweet & quote tweet without problem. It +1 then immediatly -1 like I tapped it twice",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
918,Blessed Bless,"December 23, 2022","I just found out that I can't access my account again, it keeps saying due to technical issues, try again later. This has been going on for almost a week. It really becoming frustrating. Twitter help!!",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
919,T B,"January 23, 2023","Everything this app has done in the past 6 months has been nothing but corporate pandering, much to the expense of the normal user. Between the view counts to the incessant pushing of ""recommended"" stuff when you don't ask for it, they clearly are only listening to their advertisers instead of people.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
920,aL Morales,"December 24, 2022",TRASH. The last update made it slower and it keeps crashing. Can't even scroll more than 10 seconds. Can't tweet or it freezes up.,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
921,Nunya Business,"February 20, 2023",I'm very impressed with Twitters NEW owner and management team who remain attentive to customer satisfaction. It's fun! Love interacting with many diverse & interesting people. Excited to try new features. Best wishes for continued success.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
922,Craig Naples,"January 21, 2023","Absolutely broken by latest update. Defaults to the dreadful and pointless ""for you"", swiping no longer goes to your own feed, and notifications take hours to arrive then all come at once. Musk has killed this app.",8 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
923,Helios y,"January 28, 2023",Video and audio keeps getting out of sync. The audio is always a few seconds ahead of the video. Super annoying,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
924,Android 18,"February 3, 2023",This app went completely downhill because of Muskrat. Not a single update for this app was good. Someone else should take charge to make this app better. I miss the old Twitter.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
925,Mugwanjira Maina,"December 12, 2022","Since Musk took over everything has been shambolic. Very slow app. Do you use free hosting, LOL. After update I cannot even see any tweets on my homepage. It took me an hour to figure out there's something I needed to switch. Its not even labeled ir uave instructions. Absolutely pathetic.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
926,Amrafel John Tulingin,"February 7, 2023","It's been 24 hours and I can't seem to know the reason why Twitter won't load. There are no pictures or videos on my feeds. Please fix this, this is so frustrating.",24 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
927,Rishikesh Tiwari,"January 24, 2023","Great App to go for if you are handling Customer Support business. Note: This review is based on short testing and research on all Social Media platforms, viz., Facebook, Instagram etc. This is personal opinion. It may change according to time based Analytics. Thus, the opinion is not supposed to be taken for granted. Thank you very much for all the support from the Twitter team. Great job, mates!",11 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
928,David Ashling,"September 8, 2022","As of recent update to add another unwelcome feature (a microphone button) the app is now totally broken, none of the buttons work when you open the app if you have notifications turned off and the home screen won't load at all! this app now hosting a myriad of different faults from forced closed captions to automatically losing your place and jumping you back to the top of feed. What a total unusable mess.",897 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
929,Nathan Stone,"January 23, 2023","Since Twitter now banned the use of 3rd party apps (another massive L for Elon, go figure) I am forced to use this ridiculously inferior app, which shows me more ads and irrelevant posts than literally anything else. Almost more ads than tweets now, and it keeps recommending accounts that I would never have any interest in. I also miss out on a lot of people's tweets. Quite literally what this has done, is prevent me from ever logging in anymore at all. Sad to see this platform self destruct.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
930,Katie Rock,"December 2, 2022","It's good again. I really appreciate having an open town square where we can actually debate ideas without fear of politically motivated censorship. It should tell you something key about the group of people that do have an issue with it. Functionality-wise, the app runs great and I've heard a lot about new features coming down the pipe. Looking forward to them.",743 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
931,Cary Reynolds,"January 22, 2023",Twitter quality has gone down hill since it was purchased. The app itself is not as good but more importantly... people are leaving the community or posting less. I use the app less often now. The comment section of the internet has become a more dull version of itself.,4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
932,Robert Strohl,"January 27, 2023","Your app sucks, yet you blocked the much better third party apps. You don't listen to your users, too busy pushing ads on everyone. Do two things for a better review: 1) get rid of the ""for you"" bs, no one wants it. 2) pull your lip over your head, and swallow.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
933,The Bacca That Chews,"February 19, 2023",It wasn't bad until the new owner took over. Tweets and videos don't load properly; can't block certain Twitter Blue users; security concerns.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
934,Jonas Ellehauge,"February 7, 2023","App is great. The Twitter platform with its scattered info and noisy feed is still confusing compared to Facebook. But no woke censorship I assume, after Musk took over.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
935,Heather Camfferman,"January 23, 2023","Have had less ads since Elon took over and a much better algorithm. Always had a problem after updates - app just wouldn't open, but the last repair of update glitches was much quicker.",7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
936,Tanveer Singh Mahendra,"January 11, 2023","The app keeps freezing. Every 5-10 minutes it starts showing 'Not Responding' modal pop-up. I tried everything - restarting, re-installing, etc.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
937,Raynand Yray II,"January 10, 2023","Literally the worst update I've ever experienced so far. App runs sluggish, videos stopped playing and always shows errors, and messages an notifications are always delivered late.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
938,alex the rat,"December 25, 2022",the new updates are absolutely horrible and destroy the apps efficiency. if you want people to keep using it go back to the way it was. if you want to add new stuff just let people download gifs and videos,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
939,Jerry Mantell,"February 16, 2023","Leaving a review in Play Store. Twitter is phenomenal, awesome play to interact with peers, a great source for news, and the meme game is top flight!",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
940,Razken Muller,"February 22, 2023","The new feed ""following"" is broken. Why do I have to manually refresh (pull from top) to make the most recent tweet appear, even though the dot on the home icon is present...",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
941,Jason Polites,"September 18, 2022","The app is generally pretty good, but somewhere along the way someone at Twitter decided to dynamically reload the contents of the feed, while its open. This has made the app incredibly frustrating as you're reading a bunch of tweets, then suddenly they disappear and are replaced with others. Really frustrating",119 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
942,Akira Sakura,"January 12, 2023","Lately twitter kinda in bad condition. Cannot reload the acc page and such. I check my internet on other things and it is fine. Also, just get rid of the views option. It is so displeasing to our eyes.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
943,Jayy Vanz,"February 9, 2023","This app is horrible ever since Elon became the owner, I've had 2 accounts permanently suspended already for literally nothing. One of them said my profile picture had graphic content it was completely censored and didn't show anything. 😒",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
944,RedonPlayz,"February 16, 2023","theyve just removed the twitter emojis from android and now the default android emojis again, they did this a couple times but added them again via the settings but now they're completely removed from the settings aswell, not to mention dms are awful and veryyy slow😵‍💫",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
945,Faqir Mohammad Abdullah,"December 18, 2022",The latest update has completely broken the app! I can't tweet anything. The moment I touch the create tweet Icon my app freezes and crashes! I have cleared all data and cache & it didn't help!! Fix it!!,13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
946,Jose Trujillo,"December 24, 2022",Engaging discussions. Interface could be more intuitive with finding content and reviewing older tweets. Haven't run into any bots after a month.,5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
947,R J,"January 5, 2023","Much better now than before! Unfiltered content, users should be aware of that and think for them selves on whats true or not. Don't believe everything! Other platforms seem to be directing what content is ""true or false"" but it's what other people believe is ""true"" and it might not be.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
948,SassoOfficial,"January 20, 2023",The news feed they assigned to thyself over time is unparalleled to any other social platform I've experienced. Great coding definitely when into this easy to use app along with what I would be interested in. Kudos to TWITTER.,10 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
949,TSE,"January 23, 2023","Dying app, that used to be good. Twitter is going through its e-gentrification stage (basically the switch from fun, socializing app to one that is aggressively pushing ads & video content). But so are the times online these days, the app is basically TwitterTok. Socializing, keeping up & making new friends, and general interaction is non existent thanks to the new algorithms running the timeline (unless you buy twt blue for priority). You feel like you're in more of a bubble than ever before.",5 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
950,Ryan Shep,"January 22, 2023","Apps good,but every update adds something stupid that no one asks for like Views. Who cares how many times a tweet has been viewed plus placement of it is bad. Lately every update has been making the platform less clean and simple. Just go use Insta honestly since Twitter trying to copy it.",5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
951,Julius Frost,"February 18, 2023","2FA paywall is the worst idea ever. With all the decisions that made this app garbage, this is the last straw that made me delete and put it in the dumpster. Security should be free by default, and anyone who says otherwise is an elitist prick. It's not even costly to run, users don't even use 2FA that often to log in but the security benefit is massive. This decision just reeks of the rotting and out of touch executives at the highest level 🤢🤮",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
952,J Z,"January 19, 2023","403 Forbidden: The server understood the request, but is refusing to fulfill it. Ukraine bots are reporting accounts critical of the Ukraine war, Please fix spaces the volume is insane, allow a way to adjust participants volume some people's mics are insanly loud. Surface duo ui is not good, audio from other speakers in spaces it at full blast when invited to speak. Ui during space sessions is nearly impossible to use.",4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
953,Nicola Montori,"September 9, 2022","The app has been completely broken for me for 2 days. I've tried everything suggested on every help page: checked my internet connection, cleared the cache, the storage, uninstall and re-install, restarted my phone, checked for updates, but nothing. Always the same issue: the home is unresponsive to any touch input and nothing is loading. After reinstalling the app starts normally up untill I log in, after that tries to load the home page and I'm back to the same issue.",154 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
954,Backup Phone,"February 18, 2023","Musk has ruined this app. You even need to pay in order to use two factor authentication. Lots of other issues now. Totally garbage, and he didn't even fix any of the issues he said he would. Even the report options for ""misgendering"" still exist. The guy is all talk.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
955,Alexa Rainbolt,"February 8, 2023","No ones DMs are showing up ! No one can see mine , I'm not the only one with the issue .. and now none of my tweets are going through just all failing over n over again",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
956,Jason White,"February 2, 2023","Was OK for 13 years. Buggy now, I don't get notifications automatically, I have to hit the bell numerous times.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
957,Gugu Sikobi,"December 28, 2022","Generally a great app but it updated 6 days ago and now when I try watch a videos, they don't play properly anymore. They freeze or go on hyper speed just randomly.",6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
958,wampy “wampy70” M,"September 30, 2022","Horrible UI update! The new update on Android makes opening direct messages extremely slow. Also when someone shares a link to you in DM's, the link will open directly to a web browser and not redirect you to the profile that posted it on the app. This is one of the rare times that the UI has ever made me hate Twitter, I rather have the previous UI than this inefficient and non-appealing one.",187 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
959,Sean Gallagher,"January 23, 2023","What is going on with this TL feed update?! My ""For you"" and ""following"" pages are the exact same thing. Absolutely useless to separate two functions that do the exact same thing, so why are they separated?",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
960,Eric Smieja,"December 28, 2022","App hasnt been working properly pre and post elon. Topics on for you dont clear even after refreshing when marked uninterested or spammy so that feature is broken. Categories dont actually hide so you get the same 4-5. Tweets in categories dont refresh so its a day behind, only way to see new stuff is to mute. Post elon purchase, most recommended tweets and videos are now tesla or bitcoin related. A video with 12 views w tesla tag is not a trend. Algorithm manipulation all over.App is up to date",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
961,Eric Tselovanskyi,"February 19, 2023","The tweets keep disappearing from the feed, just as you start reading it... And so many russian bots it's basically unusable at this point.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
962,Zoë Clowers,"January 5, 2023","There is an ungodly amount of bots, most of them trying to advertise web comics, spamming random hashtags that have nothing to do with their tweets. It's getting really annoying. I can't look in specific hashtags anymore without seeing these obnoxious bots trying to look like a normal person praising a web comic. I can't even report all of them because there's so much.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
963,Rick Mansur,"December 17, 2022","Only been a Twitter user for several months. I stayed away from it because I didn't want to be canceled by the communists (Noel Roth for example), working at twitter. Seems like a great platform. Don't know enough yet to suggest improvements.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
964,Kelly Starr,"January 26, 2023","It came with the device, I'm not even signed in and it's sending me spam notifications telling me to use the app! Exactly what the app design guidelines advise developers NOT to do! Wow way to be annoying and ensure I won't be using it.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
965,Barbara Lumpkins,"January 2, 2023","I'm a new Twitter user so still exploring the features. So far, I love it! The app works well on my Android and is very fast. Navigation seems pretty intuitive and I like the fact that suggestions for followers are made.",13 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
966,Dr Chic,"January 1, 2023","Everytime I follow another account the app always freezes and has to be refreshed. Secondly,it is possible to comment and not have your comment visible. All in all its a good app but of late it has been off.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
967,Sim Vall,"December 15, 2022",Twitter is working well . If I don't like something I can delete so I don't have to see it. As long as people have the ability to delete things that they don't want to see then I don't see a problem ! Just make it easier to delete ! Freedom of speech should be always there . As grown-ups we should that not everything we read is true ! Do your own homework and then believe what you wish. But by there's always people who lie... !!!,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
968,Kyle B,"January 24, 2023","Hardly an ""update"". Clunky, slow, and definitely not user friendly anymore. Chronological order should be the timeline default.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
969,Overclocking Galaxy,"February 23, 2023","After the buyout the app is a total garbage of nothingness... The foul language, the reports, everything is broken. MASTODON & GROUND, Telegram are taking over. Twitter is DEAD.",69 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
970,Hareth Mohammed,"September 5, 2022","Spaces feature sucks, if they copied the link of the space and open it in a browser, can hear all the people talking, and therefore it's not safe, and makes some issues for people who can screen recording for all the talk in there. If you're not working on it, you're not providing privacy for your users.",241 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
971,JONESSA TOCALO,"December 27, 2022","always remember your password. It's kind of sad when you can't open your account even tho there's an option ""forgot password"" still not working when u put your username and number or even email . I've been trying to open my account for about 8 months, still don't know why the option ""forgot password isn't an option. :(",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
972,JANELLE G. DE GUIA,"February 18, 2023",i love twitter and all but i'm giving it 1 star because this is so frustrating. I deactivated my account for a few hours and when I reactivated all my followings were reduced to 0. It's normal so I waited but it's been half a day and I still can't see any recent tweets on my timeline because my following is still 0 but my followers are normal already. And when I try following other users it will go back into 0 followings again! can't see anything recent tweets anymore!!!,30 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
973,Laqueta Hodge-Momon,"December 24, 2022","This app is basically useless. Ever since it changed owners, it's become riddled with issues from loading to freezing when you try to type a tweet.",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
974,Nicole T,"February 2, 2023","Good as a whole, but lately, a glitch on the app doesn't allow me to see the direct message icon even though there is a mutual follow. Also, some direct messages are disappearing and only reappearing again when a message is sent.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
975,Roma Angelika L. Gorra,"December 22, 2022",This app is so annoying!! I can't use spaces anymore also I can't see any spaces anymore the only thing happens whenever I touch that leaf thing below I only get tweet I don't have any option I wanted to do space again so bad please fix it I miss to make spaces I miss communicating to others. 🙏🙏,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
976,T/E S/A,"January 23, 2023","can no longer get rid of the ""for you"" page. i don't want to see content from people i don't follow, and now i'm forced to. i used to get decent views on my tweets, even had some engagement, but now the algorithm will not display anyone except for blue subscribers -- this is terrible for artists like myself, who make the majority of our income based on viewer commissions. will probably be deleting my account and the app in the future.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
977,ryan dowden,"February 2, 2023",I never would have joined Twitter when it was politically biased. Now it's great to finally see opinions on both sides.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
978,Neto Lorenzana,"January 22, 2023","The tabbed view on home screen looks awful with a lot of wasted screen space and you get a lot of unwanted content. In a nutshell, latest update sucks",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
979,Jason Wright,"January 24, 2023","Hit or miss. Twitter seems to function well one day, them glitches the next. Still a good resource for real-time news, views, and opinions.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
980,Ayase Shun,"December 14, 2022",I'm sort of on edge with the tweets it recommends me on the app given it just keeps tossing AI generated image tweets to me as if I like it because I follow artists. Among other small little issues here and there with the app that others would know without saying so.,6 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
981,John N,"December 16, 2022","The torrent of fascism, journalists getting banned, ""free speech for some, not the many"" - I'm out. Mastodon works really well, and is really pleasant. So long Twitter - hope things get better. It was fun once.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
982,Diego Pimentel,"February 4, 2023",The app does not download images/videos while connected to the wifi. Is the only app that does this on Android.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
983,Chelsea Moss,"December 21, 2022","Hi, I'm struggling to upload videos! It keeps freezing, saying discard, cancel.... it's worse when I'm using the laptop. Is there a glitch? Update? Never had this problem before.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
984,Bruce Chipps,"December 26, 2022","So glad Elon took over, I never used Twitter that much before as I was always hacked at least 3 times a month. Now, that I am free from that, I totally enjoy Twitter. I am spending more time on Twitter than FB and Insta. I hope that things continue as they are now, I enjoy seeing all the different Tweets from political to adult. Nice, that it is not full of propaganda BS. Thank you Elon, for a platform of free speech as the Founding Fathers had intended...",10 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
985,Grant Lundstrom,"December 18, 2022","All i did was change my bday since it was off by a year. Afterwards the app would continuously relode saying, something isn't right. Try your request again later. Elon really is throwing this app in the water with a brick tied to its leg.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
986,Jay W,"September 7, 2022","Google Pixel 6 phone running Android 13. Hardware version MP1.0. Twitter Version 9.58.0-release.0. Android Twitter app freezes on launch. Can't use the app at all. I can log in but then everything stops. The screen is white, it shows my display picture at the top and the row of icons across the bottom (such as home, search, notifications and DM folder). Can't press any of them. I've cleared the cache, cleared the storage, restarted, uninstalled and reinstalled. Desktop site fine. App unusable.",431 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
987,Hadi Kh,"January 17, 2023","Hello. When I want to turn on the notification for the account, the program hangs and I have to close the program and open it again. I think this has happened since the last update. Thank you for fixing.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
988,Akash Badsiwal,"December 18, 2022","#TwitterSucks Trying to login to my account from past 3 days. And on the time of Two-Factor Authentication, it's says ""We cannot send text messages to your phone because your operator is not supported."" From past 2 two months, this application is becoming worst.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
989,Zahid Boota,"January 7, 2023","Hi, there! I hope you are doing well: it's smooth and entertaining. Recently, however, I got a problem with Twitter. I reset my phone a couple of days ago; I install Twitter after that but I could not login. They don't send me six-character code. Please help me. I really want to join it again.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
990,Alan Davison,"January 15, 2023",Using this app is a terrible experience when compared to most of the 3rd party apps. Now that they don't work I am not using Twitter at all. I used to be on there many times a day and kept myself up to date on events as they happened.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
991,David Petterson,"September 9, 2022","The Twitter app has completely stopped working on my pixel 5. If I click a link directly to a tweet it's fine, but if I go to my timeline the page is blank and nothing I click on reacts at all. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, I've checked for updates, I've restarted my phone, and nothing works. I'm not having any issues with any other apps, and I logged in to the same account on a desktop computer and it was fine, so it's not an issue with my account.",213 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
992,Kesianna Foxwell,"January 21, 2023","I hate the latest update, just give me Latest Tweets from who I'm following, and leave it alone! I don't want tweets out of chronological order riddled with suggestions, or requests for feedback on tweets/videos being in certain categories. That's not my job??",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
993,Donna Poe,"January 4, 2023","I am new to this tablet but I like what I have been able to learn about things and how to use them. I hope to learn more, use it responsibly, and get games to help my brain function better. I do like Elon Musk and what he has done, plus the responsibility he is holding users to.",5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
994,Alex M,"September 28, 2022","New update is terrible! A week or two ago I lost the ability to post video from my phone and can no longer select multiple images at once, plus when I select images it defaults to the twitter photo album instead of recent or my whole gallery... It's worse in every way for posting content from my android phone now and that makes me want to use it much less. Why? Why break this? Who does this help? X,x",477 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
995,Divine King,"September 22, 2022","I've been locked out of my account for over a month now. And everytime I try to log in, it keeps telling me to verify email with a code sent to my inbox. Everytime I input that code, it shows error and says the code has expired. I'm frustrated. I've been writing to twitter through email and they keep saying they'll fix it but nothing has been done ever since despite the numerous updates. Please do something about this asap","1,072 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
996,Mike Chiocci,"December 21, 2022",1* until resolved. The latest update has made twitter very unstable. It is constantly freezing up. The whole experience is very frustrating.,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
997,Peerzada Abdul Nabi Hashmi,"December 19, 2022","Worst app, no/poor support if you forgot your password and trying to reset... I'm trying now more than a month , not able to reset my password. As compared to other aap like Face book it's very easy process, if you forgot your password.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
998,Horan November,"January 20, 2023",The app used to be great before the unnecessary updates. The update where it shows how many accounts have seen your tweet is so so so unnecessary and confusing. I keep mistaking it for how many likes a tweet have gotten. Don't fix something that isn't broken.,53 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
999,Khaled. JR,"February 11, 2023","I don't like the method of suggesting specific profiles and accounts, which i have totally indicated previously that I'm not interested in.. it's just annoying..",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1000,Joseph Rykiel,"January 20, 2023","Forcing the ""for you"" page is gross and is the reason I left Facebook to begin with. Having Twitter make the call on what I want to see is annoying and removing the option to default to following only is going to make me leave. Poor design choice and ugly.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1001,Mahdi Shahidi,"February 4, 2023",I genuinely don't understand why you feel like you know what's good and how the app should look and work better than the users themselves. Remove the 'For You' and 'Following' tabs and go back to old button design.,49 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1002,Kings Global Fundings,"February 11, 2023",Great App to showcase what you have Gat to the General public. Hope Twitter adds an Ecommerce system and we shall be among the first to hop in. Generally a Great App!,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1003,Lian Kritzinger,"December 26, 2022","Tagging people is an absolute disaster. I need to unfollow and then follow back an account I want to tag. This I need to do everytime I want to post and doing so removes all previous tags, which defeats the whole purpose. Please fix this annoying bug. Overall good app otherwise.",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1004,K.,"January 17, 2023",There's a noticeable bug where your Tweet's likes get halved or restart in number despite having notifications for the actual number. And it's not just your own tweets you can see it happen to other users likely they know and can see it too. This has the chance to destroy virality of posts and brands and overall twitter engagement.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1005,Rachelle Monica,"October 3, 2022","Very buggy update. When switching accounts, some pages loading are still from the other account (i.e. DMs). When opening notifications for an account different from the one currently logged into, pages don't load -- need to restart the app then switch accounts just to open what was notified. Notifications don't disappear even when already opened. When opening notifications then swiping to go back, it becomes an infinite loop going between pages instead of eventually exiting the app.",243 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1006,Lorena Terry,"December 10, 2022","Great app! Extra especially since Elon Musk took it over. My only suggestion at the moment, would be if you could add a feature where people could change the size of the font in the app, much like Google Messages and Gab social. I don't really want to have to make my phone's font bigger JUST to make Twitter's funny bigger. Please take it under consideration. Thank you!",26 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1007,Evil Yoda,"February 8, 2023",I have been waiting for 2 years for an email reply from a human. All my requests were ignored by the system which does not list my issue.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1008,Enrique Dominguez,"February 4, 2023","I recognize Twitter as the best app platform today. The best information, thoughts from different users. True events happening today! Thank you Twitter, EM for keeping it real. I love this APP!",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1009,Fran Clarese,"December 25, 2022","the upgrades to the interface are so useless, they provide no use to regular users who aren't in need of specific data with regards to their tweets. hope that the next update is better and that twitter actually listens to what the users need in future patches.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1010,Sohail Khan,"December 31, 2022","Very good thing, I will guide others too, you use it, it is a very different thing in speeding up the difficulty, tri contract, etc.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1011,Lane AWD,"February 23, 2023",It's like Elon is actively working to make the app worse,23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1012,Subhash Sundaram,"December 6, 2022","The app experience is atrocious on Android. For instance, to embed a video on iOS, all I needed to do was long press the video to tweet it. Even a basic feature like that is missing on Android OS. The same goes for saving an image or tweeting an image quickly. Why can't a user just long press to do these actions on Android?",145 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1013,Ralph John Baldelli III,"January 22, 2023","Amazing. Before, all the content was censored and politically motivated. Now it's just raw, hardcore journalism. No cancel culture, no censorship, just an open community square for anyone to speak without the fear of being silenced. Congratulations to the new and improved Twitter space, because it is awesome and brought me back after a 5 year hiatus.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1014,Malkavian Henry,"October 23, 2022","New update makes everything 10 times worse Direct Messages look horrible. Sending multiple gifs back to back no longer works unless you refresh the app after each time you send one. Notifications dont show up. And multiple bugs that haven't been fixed like having a post on the home page dissappear as your reading it. Overall everything just keeps breaking every time this app gets updated. If it works, don't try to fix it.",505 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1015,Amanda Briggs,"December 29, 2022","I can't post or comment and the app keeps freezing up and closing! This has been happening for weeks now. I've posted here about this and on the feedback, but nothing gets fixed. Please fix this issue.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1016,mullethosh,"December 23, 2022","my dms have been broken for about a week. i am still receiving messages and i can send tweets to people but it refuses to actually Load any of my chats. i just updated the app hoping that would fix the problem but alas, i am still unable to respond to my friends.",49 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1017,yoU GoT mE hiGh sO faSt,"February 11, 2023","Stop adding irrelevant buttons and categories. I don't want a view count on my tweets, I don't want my follower and for you to be separated. The least you can do is give an option to turn those things off jesus christ.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1018,Tamar Dick,"January 22, 2023","The last Twitter update installed an auto-refresh problem that has not been corrected yet, making using Twitter a time-consuming nightmare: users are unable to click on/read tweets in their home feed without the screen being jerked to the top of the page; the same with notifications while scrolling down—the screen will suddenly jerk away to the top—where reviewing new notif's now can take hours instead of minutes & occurs while reviewing ""followers.""",207 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1019,Daniel AMANORUO,"December 23, 2022",My experience has been smooth and interesting until this last update... It keeps crashing and hanging om my Samsung Galaxy S10 plus... So annoying and I wish i can get the previous version back,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1020,Shannon Sands,"February 15, 2023","Not to much has changed, could definitely do with out all the graphic messages & porn as the age of these people need to be questioned.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1021,Mark McGugan,"January 14, 2023","Buggy. Feed does not refresh when prompted, have to turn off data and turn back on for the feed to refresh. I'm looking at posts that are days old because the app no longer updates.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1022,Butler General,"February 19, 2023","Crashing. Cannot comment, or scroll without it crashing. Cleared cache, reset the app 🤷‍♂️",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1023,Global Loser,"January 2, 2023","It is a pretty decent app. It works very well when tailoring your page to things you like and depending on the community, the people are pretty great. Watch out for Elon though. He creeps into my page from time to time.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1024,Jonathon Persichette,"December 10, 2022",Functions great! No problems with the mobile app. It's nice to be able to take a glance at the news and breaking stories every now and again throughout the day.,11 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1025,Eng Mohamed Abdo - Harry,"February 4, 2023","It appears that Android has lost the ability to direct message from someone's profile, even if you follow each other.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1026,Ethan Libby,"October 2, 2022","An alright steady stream of updates. Only issue now is that the notification icons won't go away even if there is no notification when jumping between accounts. Now with the new issue plaguing it where if there was a message you typed out in the old DM UI that you never sent when starting a DM, it now will always reappear whenever you delete it and reopen the DM after exiting it. Please fix that because it is annoying.",204 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1027,Jeff Rosas,"February 1, 2023",I really enjoy using Twitter. I may not tweet much. I like the format and the entertainment it provides.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1028,Bill Robert Gerristead III,"December 21, 2022",I'm on a new Google Pixel 6A and the app freezes nearly every two minutes. I've reinstalled and uninstalled multiple times and nothing changes. Please fix this.,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1029,Cha an,"February 15, 2023","i think it would be nice if u add save buttons for videos In direct message? and features to uh scroll message to reply? ;)nice app,6 star if can",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1030,Chris Moeness,"February 17, 2023","Since the last 2 updates, the app has been soooooo slow to load! Makes the whole experience annoying!",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1031,Andrax17,"September 8, 2022","Forced closed captions on videos are incredibly irritating. They either don't work or they are inaccurate. You are also given no option to turn them off, so videos are now obstructed by an useless feature. Sometimes it even blocks the videos own correct subtitles with (cant transcribe audio). Gee thanks.",164 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1032,Karen Norton,"September 18, 2022","The app is fairly easy to use and navigate around the different sections. The one thing I don't like is that the standard actions of comment, retweet and like that comes with the notifications sometimes change order (ex: comment might be first and like third until they switch places) which means sometimes I hit the wrong action. I'm not sure if Twitter is/was testing a different order or it's my phone but it's annoying.",186 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1033,malcom masvikwa,"February 11, 2023",Unable to like tweets Videos are also freezing but sound keeps playing or it speeds up. Horrible optimisation,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1034,Reid Godshaw,"February 9, 2023","Solid feature set, 📐 great updates , Elon at the helm, how can it fail ? The truth will come out ! Our true Character(s) towards global unity and consciousness! We are all infinitely effectively including and expanding self control and awareness of all beings of all light!",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1035,Richard Norman,"January 13, 2023",Overall good app. It is fairly convenient to use. Sometimes I wish it was faster & easier to switch between accounts but in all works great for me.,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1036,Isabella Brito,"February 13, 2023","Several bugs reported on twitter circle, many things shared there automatically redirect to the general public in question. FIX IT!",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1037,T M,"September 30, 2022","Can't stop animated gif playing in DMs after latest update. All the autoplay and media preview settings are off. A single click on a gif now opens it in a new window rather than stopping the animation, which I think is new behavior. A long-hold just brings up the prompt to delete the message ""for you"". Stopping animation seems ok for msgs in main feed.",386 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1038,Kaitlin Weber,"September 8, 2022","Twitter applied the most recent update this morming on my Pixel 6 Pro. Now when I open the app, the homepage is blank with no content. I can see tabs for notifications, messages, new tweet, etc., but cannot select anything. Empty. I cleared cache, forced close, restarted phone, and re-installed Twitter all with the same result. This needs to be fixed.",123 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1039,Vicki Flintoff,"September 14, 2022","I love the app however for the last few months I've found I cannot open the 'update on the acct you reported' notification in the app. At first it worked, then it would load a 404 error page and now it does nothing, the other items in my in-app twitter notifications open fine, but it doesn't even register that you've clicked on the 'from twitter' ones. I've updated the phone, the app, etc and still nothing. It's extremely frustrating to not get the feedback you are waiting for",78 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1040,Aludiana,"December 27, 2022",Frequent crashes when following accounts. Even the feedback tool crashes out and force quits when trying to submit a report. 1/5 follows seems to be the crash rate.,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1041,Abdullahi ashiru,"January 31, 2023","I cannot access Twitter space today, i missed important meeting and that makes me extremely agitated.As am posting this complain the problem persists. Each time i click to join or create a space i get a pop up that tells me to change my password because of unusual activity was detected on my account. I changed password several times but the problem persist. Am highly disappointed twitter.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1042,Christian Carter,"February 14, 2023",Cannot sign up with a phone number or an email address. I've tried on all my devices and disconnected VPN.,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1043,F.,"February 12, 2023",will be change their system to paid app and everything will be limited if you're not subscribe. ruined the main function of twitter. very disappointing.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1044,Peter Saree,"February 7, 2023","A vital communications tool. The word limit is tough, but the positives outweigh minor negatives.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1045,Nick Mepham-Lagrue,"February 10, 2023","Twitter support is an automated email bot, that cycles through its copy/paste responses until it closes your ticket. Profoundly unhelpful.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1046,Nu'un Faz,"February 1, 2023","When will the video lagging problem gonna be fix? Before this there is no problem, but after update last December.. more video have this problem :(",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1047,isko rotul,"February 5, 2023",I changed phone and now using android 13. Damn twitter app is now so slow. Timeline refreshing took forever. Unneeded 'for you'/ 'following' tab.,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1048,rajesh sah,"February 10, 2023",Audio in Twitter Space gets disconnected repeated ever 2 to 5 minutes. It's really annoying. Many times missed very important discussions,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1049,Nelisiwe Marcia,"February 11, 2023","Twitter is the best social media app👌🏾 With exclusive content, news about what's going on around the world, there's no doubt why it's one of the most used social media apps.",33 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1050,Taylor Felts,"February 16, 2023","Great app, I like free speech that isn't censored like Facebook. I do wish I could find my friends easier by searching their names rather than code names.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1051,Alex Elliott,"September 23, 2022","Good app but there's a few bugs. Notifications don't always work, loading tweets on profile pages doesn't work until you refresh sometimes and searching for something and then going back doesn't work so you have to close the app. Also video pop up is see through so you can see text behind it. Please fix.",82 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1052,Asmaa Dayem,"February 11, 2023","Love it, The only issue stopped me from 5 stars rating is when it need updates, i cant even tweet a text, it just hang up everything. Otherwise its my No 1 social media platform",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1053,Prime,"December 3, 2022","Never had to write a negative review about twitter since I first signed up. But the new update is awful... Especially the one with the videos. The process is cumbersome and to add insult to injury, the videos are now being stylized after youtube shorts, Instagram reels, facebook highlights and tiktok videos. Lord knows that's one of the reasons I don't use those other apps that much. Revert the video style to the old format.",87 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1054,Berk Semiz,"December 4, 2022","latest update is terrible! double tap likes a video and does not unlike it. video player has glitches, the feed shows recurring tweets. some pages didn't open, so tried to re-install, now, the app crashes and i cannot even login to my account. it seems they released the update without event testing.",182 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1055,Anurag Gupta,"November 27, 2022",Great improvements in the App during the last few weeks. Freedom of expression is paramount and Twitter seems to be getting it right now. Great to see fairness in bluetick verification. Speed is better. Content sequencing and presentation in the timeline seems to have improved for sure. Presentation of popular handles in a sidewards sliding menu is welcome. Ads seem to be increasing but still controlled... OK as a source of money for these free to use apps.,478 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1056,Jesse Pirinen,"December 7, 2022",When browsing someones posted videos and images i do not want to wipe up to see some random videos. Wiping up used to just close the video. Also the same media timeline cannot handle rotating a sreen and will throw you back to start if you do that. Still better experience than on a browser.,54 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1057,Jon VB,"November 29, 2022","Seems to be improving dramatically. It is definitely better than it was just a month ago, updates are rolled out more frequently, new features have been added and apparently many more on the way! It's not bug free, but it's better than Facebook by a wide margin. It also seems way more active than it use to be. Glad that this platform is still arround and can't wait to see it's feature list grow. I love this app!",247 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1058,Ed Anderson,"November 28, 2022","Twitter is a good, one of the best, platforms for staying current with thing's you are interested in or need/want to know. One aspect of it that is unsettling though is the sexually suggestive adds that pop up from time to time and the possiblity of pornography being available. That stuff is everywhere and really isn't needed here. We'll see how it goes but might have to cancel if it becomes a regular thing.",121 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1059,Nonso Amulu,"November 28, 2022","Please give the app a good landscape or desktop mode. It cuts out a lot of the feed when being used in landscape mode. Maybe split the screen into two, the major part will be for scrolling through the Twitter feed and the sub part will be for home, search, messaging and profile.",48 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1060,Aida Nabilah,"December 4, 2022",Please bring back the previous features. I hate how the videos now are showing like a reels on instagram. i cant double tap the video to skip forward anymore and i found it really inconvenience. Twitter are unique as it is please dont copy other apps style. i have used twitter for a long time and i really treasure it's features.,62 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1061,ihza riyanto,"December 6, 2022","New update, new bug. Elon please fire whoever come up with the new design of the video player, i can't double tap to rewind or fast-forward, change the speed, minimize the video so i can watch it while scrolling timeline, nor swipe up or down to stop watching. We no longer can copy the media link makes it super hard to embed it on a new tweet. Even highschooler can make better app than this",104 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1062,Hj Kaye,"December 7, 2022","Developer contact email here is invalid!! Changed to 2-stars. Recent changes to play a video in a tweet requiring multiple taps to play is most annoying! Also, when switching from portrait to landscape or vice versa pauses it and requires yet another tap to restart. Please fix!!",41 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1063,Ali Ridwan (Iwan),"December 4, 2022","STOP REFRESH THE TIMELINE WHEN I HAVEN'T FINISHED READ THE TWEET THAT I SAW!!!! AND ALSO STOP MAKING ME BACK ON TOP EVERYTIME I'M SCROLLING DOWN SOMEONE'S PROFILE IT'S SO ANNOYING! Edit: the new update is much worse, why did you turn the video into TikTok style? I really hate it so much, especially when you can't even double tap right or left to skip 5 seconds of the video and there's no more setting for the speed of the video!",209 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1064,Allen Nelson,"December 8, 2022","It's pretty good for social media ... if Reddit is not or is no longer the right social media platform for you. Not recommended, mostly because of its heavyweight system requirements of the client and in case Reddit is the right platform for you, but if you have a Doro or a SHIFT it could be fast enough. If not then what could be the redeeming value of the app is on the server side, and you can get a third party lightweight app as the client side for that.",58 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1065,Kosta Lazic,"December 3, 2022","I like the app, but i'm genuinely asking, what are you doing with the video player? I click on a video, and the video won't start playing by itself? Are you actually serious? Imagine scrolling through tiktok and having to manually play every single video. Not only that, but the button you have to press to play the said video is all the way down in the corner. What??? Also, you can't just swipe up or down to go back to scrolling through twitter. Why???? Genuinely why???",143 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1066,Eyeball Engineering,"November 28, 2022",This app works very well now that much of it's code has been gone through. Want actual investigative reporters? Come to Substack editorials on Twitter where journalists with integrity can be found. Hate speech appears to be even lower. Discourse between opposing parties has boomed. Some negative of course. Most of the time I get to see each political wing learn something from each other. I believe free discourse is absolutely necessary to have a functional democracy/republic.,36 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1067,Sika Kal,"December 7, 2022","improve performance, sometimes it crashes, if someone replies to a tweet it doesn't show up in the notification, if it scrolls it returns to beginning, My timeline disappeared, this is the most annoying. other than that it's ok",59 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1068,Skyler Petersen,"December 24, 2022","i love twitter aside from all the dumb updates that no one wants or asked for. i was already annoyed at random promo ads within my tl but could ignore them well enough. but now having an ad on top when i open the app is downright ridiculous. clicking ""i don't like this ad"" can happen to the same ad only so many times with no change that i've just started muting all the companies that have the promo ads.",22 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1069,Aaron,"December 2, 2022","Didn't like how the latest twitter update. Tap a video and it doesn't play automatically like before. Need to click the play button manually. Then, the double to fast forward and backward is no longer there. Why even update to something that doesn't give benefits to the app tho?",109 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1070,Eduardo Herrera,"December 7, 2022",This app is amazing and it's the best social media platform for mobile devices. I'm waiting for the new features to roll out and would like to see a 'return home' link always visible regardless of what page or section you are viewing.,910 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1071,Benjally Aniefiok,"December 23, 2022","Incredibly worst..the app is so frustrating and annoying I was logged out of my account saying some suspicious activities was detected and I must change my password to gain access back but I've tried to change the password countless times it keeps sucking with the response saying "" oops you can't login to many attempts try again later and when I try again later the same responds but I get notifications on the same account popping up on my phone . The app sucks big time 😖😡",30 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1072,Jhenne Tyler,"November 28, 2022","AUTOMATIC SOUND ON AD AUTOPLAY? Ate you joking??? When watching a video, I lose audio anytime I like the tweet during playback. Explore/Trending also has stories that literally won't go away? I assume the list would repopulate if I clicked or engaged with it, but I don't care to, and I'm stubborn.","1,379 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
1073,Charles Clark Lawrence,"December 6, 2022","Efficient, functional, and a unique and thorough way to connect. Has shown consistent improvement over 10 years. :) An unexpected tangible reward to all twitter-team/users that are involved may be a way for the app to stand out beyond marketing and hype.",262 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1074,Angel Marie,"January 14, 2023","I've been using this app for nearly eight (8) years and I've never been so disappointed this bad before. Remove the tweets you might like and all the other tweets under topic suggestions, especially when it was already said you were not interested. The recent updates only make me want to stop using the platform; they are so annoying. It used to be so great.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1075,Zobayer Hasan,"December 12, 2022","Twitter has been working a lot better in my country since Elon bought the company. It is a lot faster, easy on battery life, and spamming has been reduced. There are still a lot of issues to fix. 1. The list feature is underdeveloped. I should be able to add accounts into lists that I do not want in my main feed easily. 2. The circle feature is underdeveloped. I should be able to create and manage multiple circles. 3. Twitter can learn patterns of tweets that I mark as not interesting.",17 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1076,QURBAN ALI,"February 3, 2023","Absolutely Pathetic experience ever since ""for you"" page introduce...The tweets donot reload effectively in the following page...i was an apt user but now it's a constantly pathetic experience using it",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1077,Safirah Rashifah,"October 2, 2022","Ever since they changed the UI, DM has been so slow to load AND to type in. mind you that my phone isnt a potato at all. Accounts other than main have very small icons (SMALLER THAN BEFORE) and its very difficult to switch. Pinned list doesnt appear in main timeline so i have to open my list menu EVERY TIME just to reappear it. I dont have the time to do that all the time! Please fix these, theyre getting under my nerves!",100 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1078,Michael Harris (dlJazz93),"September 9, 2022","I only really use my Twitter to view my newsfeed and keep up to date with interests, like games for example. That said, I don't think Twitter is great for social media. I don't talk on it as I've found great difficulty in talking to people, mainly as it's not always easy trying to condense what you want to say with the limited character count. That said, as a personalised ""newspaper"" it's great. But personally, I find Twitter isn't very user friendly.",343 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1079,Manish Kar,"December 3, 2022",Recent Update is not favourable.. Because the Video player interface has changed a lot . Previously it showed the buffering symbol but now it doesn't show.. Also Videos take too much time to load (even in high data speed).,132 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1080,Teagan Chapman,"February 8, 2023","Bugs, crashes, android app refuses to send tweets half the time even with perfect internet connection, shills crypto currency and nfts like they're the last thing keeping the app going and reports do not work, it doesn't matter what someone says or does, you physically cannot get a post taken down no matter how hard you try, you'll be banned for 24 hours for saying the word ""kill"" but post illegal images? Thats apparently completely fine.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1081,Michael Hinesly,"February 1, 2023",I would give it 5 stars but the lack of a DM envelope on user profiles has greatly disappointed me in the app. Fix this issue Twitter!,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1082,TRKirbGriff,"February 9, 2023",they doubled the amount of ads. they made it so you have to pay money to follow some people and reply to some tweets. they removed the ability to message people. they made it so you can only follow 1-5 people a day.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1083,Marshall Malone,"February 4, 2023","Ever since Elon Musk took over, everything has gone severely downhill. Removing the DM button, replacing the ""Latest Tweets"" and ""Home"" timeline options with whatever garbage it is now, and now the API change? I am watching so many of my favorite fun little character bot accounts saying goodbye because the API change will ruin their accounts. Twitter is falling apart and burning, and it's tragic. I hate how it is now. It's not enjoyable anymore.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1084,Ali Hamza,"February 19, 2023","A really good place to discuss literally any topic, plus It also helps you to engage with people with similar interests.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1085,Bwire Francis xavier,"October 5, 2022","The app is interesting, have been able to talk to big people, and find correct information and news around the globe, especially in the entertainment and sports world. But the developers must work upon increasing security, coz at a certain point in time, my account was hacked, good enough I was able to recover it.",227 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1086,Mabel Igele,"February 13, 2023",Elon is a pretty great guy. Twitter has been awesome since he came onboard. One good thing was taking off what device you're tweeting from. Please increase text capacity too.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1087,hiko liu,"February 9, 2023","i can't log in to my acc, everytime i try to verify my phone number, I didn't receive the code. it's been 2 years, when will you solve this problem??",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1088,vallie,"February 8, 2023","The app doesn't even let me post stuff, even though my internet connection is perfect. Useless updates are annoying too",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1089,Ανθή Κόζαλη,"October 3, 2022","it's good as always, but the new update especially in the DM's is lagging. it shows someone is typing when they aren't, and it glitches. Sometimes I want to send a gif with a text and onky the text is being sent, with the gif getting erased. I know it's a new update, but please fix it quickly! The old DM's were much smoother and factional.",115 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1090,Kyle Mallard,"December 7, 2022","You can actually tell the app is getting better as it progresses under new ownership. The new blue accounts idea is helping to decrease the amount of bots, so you can tell the conversation quality is improving. Also, I don't see them stopping anytime soon with brainstorming on ways to increase the platform's usefulness which is something the old guard had clearly stopped focusing on long ago. Looking forward to the future with this one.",176 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1091,ThatOne NormieYouTuber,"February 9, 2023",Yeah these updates just makes the app more buggy. What the hell are you guys doing over there? Spending money promoting BS Crypto and NFT but can't be bothered to even make sure your app is running smoothly. February 2023 and things are only getting worse.,12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1092,Kei Shimizu,"January 28, 2023","will change the review if view counts is removed, the like rt qrt order being reverted before the change, and giving the power to disable for you/recommended tab, and BRING BACK MOMENTS. for now the app is the worst of the worst ever in history of twitter update and i'm not going to update until all of above conditions are meet",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1093,mei katsuki,"February 1, 2023","This app is getting annoying. I can't change my profile picture for almost 3 days, I even updated and re-install the app but still it isn't working.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1094,Very Uncorrect,"January 28, 2023","I put in a birth date that was way over 13, but the account got locked for being under 13. I know for a fact I put the correct year in. I'm so confused, also everything started glitching very strangely. Deleting this app, staying on Tumblr lol.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1095,Shadowood Slasher,"February 8, 2023","Wont let me use it, keeps saying unable to retrieve messages,and if i reply to ANY tweet it immediately is deleted. I can see,read,and like stuff i just cant reply or do anything in DMs",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1096,Samuel,"February 8, 2023",This app is really good but one of the dowside is the fact that every now and then i keep getting logged out of my account for no reasom and it getting a bit frustrating. My account keeps getting lockes upon i obey tge twitter rules,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1097,Maurice Balick,"February 13, 2023","Better, faster and clearly way more diverse than before. Sorry for those who don't like differing opinions. But I really enjoy seeing even offending stuff and (some) of the smart replies it generates.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1098,amin mohammadids,"February 9, 2023","This problem exists for years now that is when you enter someone's account and you wanna go through his feed, it jumps back to the latest post. Fix it!",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1099,Ruth Altamira,"February 7, 2023","Hello, I've been having a hard time using the app for days now. The images wont load and its really making me irritated, please i hope i can get help, thankyou.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1100,Sunita Kumari,"February 9, 2023","Twitter has been improving slowly and steadily. But still lot more changes needed. Just love all the content on my timeline,but I am quiting Twitter hoping I could join again with Twitter community.",12 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1101,Nisa Maulidya Z.,"December 4, 2022","I don't like the newest version. When I played video, why display of video can scroll down like home on TikTok or reels on Instagram??? Why???? I don't like that. And mention tab there are 3 columns; all, verified and mention. what is the verified function? I don't need. Basically, I don't like the latest version. It's bad. BAD. Can u return the video to look like the old version? I do like it",42 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1102,Hussain Asker,"February 13, 2023","I don't like FYP (For You Page) it should be removed, i just want to see people whom i follow only, i know their is following tab, but its additional work to swipe left every time i launch the app. At this point, it's useless to me overall. Just remove it, would you.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1103,Alex,"September 23, 2022","When opening Twitter it doesn't load any post. For whatever reason with the last update, if you're like me who doesn't like notifications and had notifications turned off it wouldn't load post. So when I turned notifications on it showed post again. Hopefully this update fixes that bug for the people who don't know this solution. Also on on pixel 6",80 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1104,Tim Harrison,"February 4, 2023","Here they go again. First, it's fleets, then spaces. Now some schmuck has decided to add this For You tab and make it default. Same time, they block 3rd party twitter apps. Grrr",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1105,Marileen van Deventer,"October 12, 2022","What is going on Twitter?! This new update is so terrible!!! You changed everything for the worse. My dm notifications aren't coming through, I can't access certain gifs, gifs sometimes want to send twice in a row, I can't get out of the app most of the time, I miss the blue tick mark, why do the reactions to messages have to be so large? I can go on. Awful update! Please fix it.",311 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1106,Mark Fraser,"February 5, 2023",App has become buggy recently. Closing itself down at random. Going to login each time its opened.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1107,BC,"February 1, 2023",Please stop moving the like & RT buttons around. Screwing up my muscle memory. Plus the latest update feels slower.,22 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1108,Howard McDermott,"January 10, 2023",I love it! This might sound weird but it might be good to allow sales of items to be processed thru this site for certain items or for certain ppl like inventors selling items they've made or artwork like drawings or paintings etc with a small portion going to Twitter if needed to operate & a portion to spaceX for the betterment of humanity as well as maybe grants to those whom are very talented but might not otherwise have the means to nurture there talent...Twitter helping Americans!,7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1109,Putim Orpilla,"February 16, 2023",I have a problem when I log into my Twitter account the pictures were loading I thought it was just my internet but when I try to go to other online app it's works like a charm but why don't it work on Twitter pls fix this,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1110,Ricardo Juanitez Jr,"February 9, 2023","Can't follow or message any of my friend, I believe that android users can't DM anymore even if we follow each other. I can't even Follow anyone! It keeps saying that I already reached my limit!",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1111,Devadvocate,"February 9, 2023",Really enjoying the app but now it won't let me follow anyone new and it keeps telling me I hit my limit but I'm only following 130 people and it won't let me follow anyone else. And the help is a joke.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1112,Mathew Barber,"January 25, 2023","App keeps defaulting to ""for you"" feed, I don't want ""for you"" I want to see the feed for who I'm following, ie. How it was before the change. Can't seem to find a setting to make following the default.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1113,John Warzynski,"January 27, 2023",Free speech finally has found a platform for the community at large. Not just one political side of the issues. There is still a few employees that need fired. Mostly the experience has been improving.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1114,Udenwagu Olisaemeka,"February 12, 2023",I can't comfortably watch videos on Twitter.. the background video plays but the video lags.. I don't like it. It keeps happening every time I click a video.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1115,Darren Zimmerman,"January 27, 2023","So we went from overzealous one sided moderation on the side of calling everybody they disagree with not seas, to a new regime who wants to accuse everybody of being a bot. Wonderful. I wasnt a bot. I didnt allow followers because twitter has the worst privacy options of all social media, doesnt let you hide follow lists from strangers or interact with the public from behind a locked account, etc. So I didnt tweet much, but I used the app daily, liked thousands of tweets, etc. Still banned. 🖕","1,677 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
1116,Lisa,"January 29, 2023","My eyes are hurting. You hurt everyone's eyes. Very ugly position of views' counts/chart, i hate it it so uncomfortable to see & to press retweet button (too left) i mistouched few times. GOOOOOO BACK TO THE OLD UI/UX TWITTER FOR GOD SAKE, THE VIEWS IT'S DISTURBING FOR THE ORDINARY (NOT FAMOUS) PEOPLE LIKE ME. IT'S VERY VERY VERY VERY MUCH UNNECESSARY TO PUT IT. IT MAKES ME OVERTHINK IF ANYBODY SAW MY TWEETS. FOR WHATEVER SAKE YOU BELIEVE IN, BRING BACK THE OLD TWITTER'S UI. I HATE THIS.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1117,G N,"January 28, 2023",I can't get in. I changed my password recently and started the two-factor security measure. It is now calling my logins suspicious and won't authenticate me at all. I even tried changing my password again and reinstalling. Still can't get in.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1118,Empress Féhř,"February 2, 2023","So, I was blocked for saving pics from my favorite artists, yet those out there posting their explicit images from OnlyFans or what have you aren't even warned. So I gave a 1☆ review. However right now I have no problem with it.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1119,John Gagnepain,"January 30, 2023",The latest interface adds nothing but complication to the app. Now I have two feeds that essentially show me the same things. What was wrong with the old design?,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1120,Paul Sebelien,"January 28, 2023","Twitter used to be nice and snappy, and now it's a huge pain, doesn't refresh quickly, and default to a horrendous curated list rather than my preferred view based on chronological order of those who I follow. Go elsewhere for social media",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1121,M Swa,"January 25, 2023","This double timeline thing is garbage. I don't need or want a whole separate ""for you"" timeline that regurgitate tweets from hours ago. I don't need to see tweets from people I don't follow. Bring back the regular timeline that shows tweets only from the people I follow as they post them in real time. I can't even find my mentions anymore.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1122,Pete Coolio,"January 28, 2023","Works! If you don't like the content get better friends. The app is fast, clean and virtually seamless... another $billion to fix the spelling mistakes and it'll be perfect.",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1123,Sameer Kulkarni,"January 30, 2023",Great app to share your thoughts about anything going on your mind in a concise way. New Twitter is good. I hope it will grow with more number of users. One thing I would like to suggest is to allow atleast 5 mins video upload for everyone and blue tickers can have 10 mins video upload facility. I guess this is my fair request. Thanks.,11 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1124,Dorline B,"January 31, 2023",Latest update has changed the app so that it is a pain to do what I used to be able to do as a beginner user of Twitter. Other than that I like the app for science and history information from actual science and our history,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1125,Megan Miller,"January 26, 2023","I haven't had any issues till today. I was logged out so I tried to log back in and it's a constant circle of ""login with google"" ""type this"" ""change that"". This app isn't worth the bs run around.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1126,Kathryn Albrecht,"January 26, 2023",Having problems playing some videos. It's loading in the middle multiple times or audio and video won't match.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1127,Brian Kennedy,"January 30, 2023","Not a bad app for following people and topics you like. Also, I like the features, ease of use and easiness of the secure login process.",8 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1128,Joshua Miller,"February 2, 2023","Worse and worse with every update, with useless features constantly being added and helpful features being constantly removed. Absolutely insane how one man's fragile ego can fundamentally break one of the largest pillars of social media.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1129,Aaron Cook,"January 28, 2023","Annoying now. Open the app and shows new tweets with blue dot on home button but it doesn't show anything new until I pull down to refresh. Then I have to scroll back to the top. Like I said, annoying",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1130,John Thomas,"January 27, 2023","For years, the Twitter platform has been something I've contributed to! It's a superb interface for media conversations and topical headlining. You're appealing for comment, from already an enthusiast and loyalist to the enterprise.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1131,David McKinstry,"January 31, 2023","Lacks great features that third party clients had. Most importantly, doesn't remember my place in lists and home timeline.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1132,Alungata Phelix,"February 5, 2023","Your security is annoying, have the email, the username but you failed to retrieve my account requesting for a phone number that's no longer in existence yet you could send me the code on my mail😫😒😲, and wen I tried opening a new account you went on refusing to use my new phone number for verification, u made me start to give up..... 😑😑😔",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1133,Ali Hassan Bajwa,"January 26, 2023",So bad to use this dull app for being so disappointed because approximately there have been about 7 months to lost my account for being not verified by 2 step verification code that is received through sms. I reported several times to Twitter through support center but no reply no matter. I suggest reading this to not believe on this cheap and dummy app ever,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1134,Oussama Prince,"February 1, 2023","Unfortunately, the application is biased and does not move freedom of expression. Rather, it deletes the account of people, and that is only because they exercised freedom of expression. I do not advise everyone to use it",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1135,Christiaan Venter,"January 28, 2023",This app has turned into a circuis show. I can't even access my account and move it to my new phone because it was suspended yet 5 minutes before trying to login into the app on my new phone. I was on browsing through my feed,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1136,Freyz Ingart,"January 28, 2023","The app has always tried to force you to see what the algorithm wants you to see, but now I don't even have the OPTION to view anything in chronological order. I am ANGRY.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1137,Rick Kainz,"February 9, 2023",I am slowly but surely learning how Twitter works as far as the following goes! But I will get that under control!!!👍 Twitter is totally Awesome in all the different and interesting people that I have either met per say or texted too!!!👏👍👍I love this app!!🥰👍🌈🤠,4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1138,Abdulmuizz Jatto-Abdulhameed,"February 6, 2023","Great app, the only issue I've got is slow notification on tweets that I turned on notification on. I thought it will be in real time but it delays some minutes",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1139,Andini Ramadhaniasari,"January 31, 2023","I regret updating this app. Now it's hard to embed links and videos to my tweets. And 2 days after I updated the app, my account just got suspended out of nowhere without any notice or warning beforehand.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1140,Tatiana Gallego,"January 28, 2023",The for you page is horrible implementation I just want to see the people I follow! It is so annoying. And also I never get notifications for the messages.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1141,Rodrigo Roesler,"January 29, 2023","The latest version of the app is really bad - all of the new ""features"" make it harder to use if you want to follow, you know, the people you follow. Trying to figure out how to roll back.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1142,Kevin,"January 27, 2023","Everything is almost good, there's a problem when you use multiple accounts at the same which. In which you cannot directly login when you tap on an accounts notification which isn't currently logged in.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1143,connor chadwell,"January 29, 2023",Sometimes the app slows way down to where photos and videos are slow to load. I don't get all my notifications!,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1144,Mohammad Khan,"January 29, 2023","A very big problem in this application is that after inserting a message, one cannot edit or delete anything in it. This is not a setting. It should be inside it.After inserting the message something like this should be changed, it should be done.🤔",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1145,Archangel Vryth,"January 29, 2023","Too much lag, sometimes the app have been forced to shut down. Not only that, even videos cannot be fully played.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1146,Namcha,"February 2, 2023","It used to be okay but then now the mention function is broken, video sometimes stop playing audios bc you liked the tweet while watching it, the views are extremely unnecessary, its just that twitter has been going downhill since the new ceo, even twitter from 2019 was better than this...",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1147,Roland Ward,"January 26, 2023","I've noticed that it will tell me i've got a message day's after i've read it, and after it told me days before, and notification will appear then just vanish before i can read them, weird.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1148,Lynn Wilson,"January 25, 2023","Awful. Since November 2022, the dates in my DMs are all wrong - when I send a DM today, it shows as ""Yesterday"". Everything is a day behind! Very irritating. Also today I noticed that I cannot DM any of my mutual followers. The Web version is ok. Please get your app sorted!! I send reports to Twitter support and get zero replies. Time to get your act together guys - you're losing people. I'd give you zero if I could",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1149,Christopher Mederos,"January 29, 2023",for you tab is worthless - not what i want in any app. We don't need yet another obnoxious algorithm waving its ads and 'look at me!' picks in our faces,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1150,Dan Nation,"January 27, 2023",Great so far. I'm finding that a lot of people are Twitter illiterate especially in Colorado. Not too many people care about Twitter here maybe they should do a Twitter University online and really push it to get people excited about the app. I'd even be happy to help them with that,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1151,Oar-Gasm Adventures,"January 30, 2023",New update ruined the app I have to literally open my web browser to send direct messages to anyone. They took away the button and every other option to be able to message someone from their profile,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1152,Aboubacar Sidiki COULIBALY,"January 27, 2023",The app design is attractive. Besides that useful notifications are often available which makes the user more aware of what happens in their field of interest. I recommend it. May ALLAH help for further progress in the development of the app. Amina.,5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1153,Dan Roth,"January 25, 2023",The lingering inability to change font size in Android is frustrating. 3rd party apps did handle chain conversations better it seems.,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1154,Riley Flores,"January 30, 2023","If you're passionate about media, this app is for you! You can explore trending topics or get to know thought-leaders in the areas that matter to you. You can follow and speak directly to influencers or your friends alike. This app is a great way to stay up-to-date on the latest news, recommended podcasts, and interesting celebrity tweets.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1155,Vern Typin,"January 27, 2023","After the recent update it keeps crashing and freezing. I used to enjoy this app, now I'm just annoyed by the frequent crashing",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1156,Tom Crowell,"January 28, 2023","For the last two days I have been unable to reply to Tweets and the app regularly shuts down. It works fine on a PC, but not my Android device.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1157,Jeremy “RED ZMAN” Zimmerman,"February 1, 2023",App is starting to get better but not good enough to bring this up any stars yet. Do love the options of two different dark themes and it seems like Twitter was on the forefront for this.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1158,Fairytale,"January 28, 2023",The video loading is so slow. Why do i have to wait for minutes just to watch a 10 second video? It's not because of my internet cos i can watch vids in other apps fine without buffering,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1159,Aure,"January 27, 2023","Twitter had an update that always opens on ""For you"" instead of ""Following"". I only use twitter to see the content of people I'm following and don't want to see suggested content.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1160,Sinead Steverson,"January 30, 2023","Overall, I think Twitter is very informational as well as entertaining. I love that I get information that may not be accessible on other social media platforms.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1161,Naila Shafira,"January 25, 2023","After I updated to the latest version, I can't use the photo edit feature! It always forces close! Please fix this asap!",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1162,Larry Smith,"January 31, 2023","I totally detest the new layout. Preferred having a choice as to what I had as my default tab, not what you think I want. CHANGE IT BACK AND MAKE IT NOT SUCK.",33 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1163,Ahmed xbreaker,"January 27, 2023",I don't know if anyone facing the problem which I am facing It or no But since last update the signal of the message button is disappeared its not showing when I open any profile for anyone I can't message anyone new So I don't know is this from update or from what !!,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1164,Timothy Vandover,"January 28, 2023","Twitter was never perfect, but it has gotten much worse ever since Elon bought it. Harassment and hate speech have massively increased, and he keeps making changes that make the app worse, like the ""For You"" tab and adding view counts.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1165,Sachin Goswami,"January 29, 2023",What have you done to app? You are supposed to make it better day on day. Latest update I'm not able to see latest or top tweets option. Every time it's showing same tweets. Give that option right now.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1166,N EE,"January 25, 2023","I hate that Twitter ended access to 3rd party Twitter apps. I want Tweetbot back! I hate this app. Stop force feeding us the ""for you"" option. I used to love Twitter but lately (I wonder why...) it's become a total disaster.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1167,Tsuba Shima,"January 26, 2023",With every update this app becomes so much worse. The spambots got so bad I turned off public DMs entirely. Cropping is ruined. The algorithm prioritizes content farms and celebrities over the people you actually follow. The best thing you can do is never update.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1168,ANDREW GIDUDU SEITH,"January 29, 2023","Twitter is good but this particular update keeps restarting, eliminated DM options for most users and yet requires much of the device memory to maintain. Worst experience of an update ever 😔",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1169,hese Suka Kuliner,"January 26, 2023",Why no more latest tweet option? It ruined everything. Twitter is known for the most updated news we need to know. Now all I have just a random old twit. This is bad. Bring back latest twit option for us who need to be up to date for the earliest news event.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1170,Jeebo Snoffin,"January 31, 2023","New update is AWFUL. No one wants the view counter except turbo-virgin muskrat and his bootlickers. And a for you page? Really? Not everything has to be tiktok. Have some originality, or at least let us turn it off.",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1171,Ryan A,"January 30, 2023",Awesome social media app. Love getting notifications fast and keeping up to date on things. I don't use Twitter blue but would love it if Twitter blue had 2 or 3 month free trial for people that want to try out Twitter blue.,4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1172,romi,"January 29, 2023","I dunno about you but I think a timeline ""for you"" should be a chronological listing of tweets by the people I've chosen to follow. Big emphasis on the chronological part.",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1173,Mike Morrow,"January 30, 2023","This app has gone so far downhill since the change of ownership. It's a cesspool of right wing bots and they've changed the algorithm so you rarely see the people you follow, just the people Twitter wants you to see. What a fall from grace all to please an egomaniac, pitiful. Go download Post. instead, it's much better.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1174,Mason Gericke,"January 30, 2023","The ui and algorithm changes have ruined my experience. This app has gone from a tool for information and entertainment to a toy for a manchild with too much money. I look forward to the next time Musk refers to Twitter's upset users as 'woke activists.' It's like if a kid at the playground stole the ball and insisted that we play with HIS ball, but his ball is just a large rock.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1175,i am a good person [xiaocked],"January 25, 2023","return the like button's original position. please I do not care about the views, that's the most useless feature y'all put in the most critical place of a post.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1176,Stan C,"February 8, 2023",Good source of info. I follow people and news sources that are interesting and informative in things I'm interested in. I like the separation between what I'm following and what's recommended.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1177,Damian Cooke,"January 25, 2023","The addition of the ""for you"" tab is unnecessary. There should be an option to hide it. I just want to see tweets from users I follow in chronological order",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1178,Joyceline,"January 29, 2023",The Twitter message icon suddenly disappear! I can't dm my friends :( Also the image doesn't load. Very bad update.,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1179,Mhean Vill,"January 28, 2023","I used this app often but lately i don't like the update.. i only see few latest tweets in my timeline. Can u get ride of the ""for you"" & ""following"" and bring back the latest & home feature. Pls",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1180,Gian Aquino,"January 28, 2023","another person's perspective, new Knowledge, and the build of the app is not as bad as i used, defenitely don't much show videos, and some of i like is the text, it is not waste of data :D",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1181,Austin J,"January 26, 2023",A lot I could say but the primary I have been having is the enability to update my lists. Ironically since the new change in the company this had improved drastically but just occured again.,52 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1182,Amy Zirafa,"January 26, 2023","Can't get verif code even resend so many times. Idk but it feels too dumb when u sign in with email then u must tell ur number to get verif code. Like y u make it so complicated? U can use number for security purposes or 2nd option like other sns and Gmail. I miss old Twitter, bring back the old Twitter :""",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1183,kan cha,"January 27, 2023","too many numbers. My feed is full of numbers and unnecessary characters. Views and ""account follow"" make Twitter so messy. You back to bad thing. ui look so weird.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1184,Robert Fowler,"January 30, 2023",The spell checker/autocorrect in the Twitter app acts really strange. I end up with typos on several occasions that were not my doing. Fauci always corrects to Fau I,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1185,Simon cephas Ediau,"January 31, 2023","One should be able to edit a tweet after sending, you need to reduce the cost of promoting a tweeter page, too expensive. Starting with 5 dollars isn't inclusive.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1186,Cat Person,"January 26, 2023",Nothing working. Bugs. No notifications. The new stats showing zero info suddenly....Update it ...,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1187,Kaela Jeter,"February 3, 2023",Twitter has change dramatically over rthe years and I hope we can become more social and comfortable with new friends and old friends! The Twitter podcast are my favorite!,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1188,Ilyass Meh,"February 10, 2023",The search has been bugging lately and won't show more than three or four results. That's incredibly annoying,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1189,Matthew Wyatt,"September 20, 2022",They made a recent change where ads and video previews automatically have sound. It's beyond annoying to scroll through dozens of ads with the sound on! I will be deleting if this isn't fixed. Also I can't even file a complaint with Twitter because there is no category for this issue!,73 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1190,Kam Jaa'm,"November 29, 2022","The app is visibility deteriorating; loosing functionality in fluidly switching between alternate accounts. One of my accounts isn't able to load in recent content on my home page (an error message pops up every time I try to refresh the feed). And in the name of ""free speech"" the new company owner has lashed out against advertisers pulling their adverts from the site as well as unbanning a majority of hateful users who utilize the platform to harass others. Not looking good at all",63 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1191,Clayton Jannise,"September 29, 2022","New update for Pixel has made the app incredibly slow, pictures send as unopenable links, less text fits horizontally on the screen so messages now take up way more space vertically, reactions to messages are huge when they were perfectly sized previously, and seeing who has seen your messages is unnecessarily more complicated. Just overall a bad update that is less user friendly. Not sure what they were thinking.",150 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1192,Shiekh Rad Scott Advincula,"December 11, 2022","I am starting to hate Twitter! You offered me to activate my two-factor authentication setting out of nowhere, and I can no longer access my account after I logged out. My phone number works fine, and can receive one-time verification codes from Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn, but not Twitter. This app is getting worse. I used to love it, but not anymore. Give my access back!",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1193,Brad Carpenter,"February 7, 2023","Old twitter still treating the app like a propaganda tool for the DNC. Musk's improvements are great, but until the ""for you"" timeline (also known as the ""Rob Reiner timeline"") is deleted, it will be very annoying to use.",23 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1194,Mike Brown,"February 11, 2023",In Spaces EVERY time I ask to be a speaker the audio goes choppy and sometimes never returns. This Parr of the APP sucks,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1195,Irish Pearl Sanorias,"September 30, 2022","I often get the message ""playback error"" when trying to watch videos. I can't enjoy clips or videos now! It scrolls or refreshes itself and it's annoying when I'm reading something or when I spotted something interesting. The app could have been great but lately it's been really buggy on my end.",143 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1196,P Drake,"February 13, 2023","Twitter is now broken on Android, it doesn't go to the latest tweets when you press the home button anymore, you have to clear the cache to load the new tweets.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1197,monke,"February 10, 2023","latest update has conpletely ruined the ui making it harder to focus on tweets due to the extremely distracting and useless ""views"" feature.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1198,blackvelvet,"December 5, 2022","Please bring back the features when watching a video. I can't play the video backwards by double tapping. Also, the floating window disappeared. Please bring those back, thank you.",28 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1199,Michael,"December 5, 2022","Being able to select the users in the reply function stopped working now when you tap on the usernames the screen is blank except for the word done. Can no longer view reports in notifications when you tap on it it does nothing: ""We have an update on your report""",271 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1200,Mithun Rani Roy,"February 10, 2023","The problem is that i didn’t received the sms verification code number at my phone number from Twitter account at a few days ago!!! Because i can't put my email acc with Twitter.... And i can't access my old acc and tried to do it then it was not worked.... Twitter, please bring my Twitter account back....",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1201,Bushra Al Harthy,"February 18, 2023",My feed keeps refreshing on its on which is infuriating. Videos don't play properly. Keeps stuttering. ELON MUSK YOU WILL PAY FOR YOUR CRIMES,26 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1202,Ludwig Christopher,"February 19, 2023","Excellent Social Media App. Elon has done a tremendous job improving it. It's fun & engaging. Pretty cool to be able to interact with famous & important people like actors, singers, celebrities, political figures, scientist, media personalities, non-profits, CEOs, companies, doctors, sports figures, etc.., you name it. They're All on Twitter. All the people you aren't friends with on FB. It's direct access to important people & issues straight from the person themselves. Join!! You'll love it!!",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1203,Sandra Blickem,"February 7, 2023",You've done something that has stopped all pictures from showing. Please sort this. It's awful.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1204,Vinay Karale,"December 2, 2022","Excellent App.. working fast.. However, there is a slight issue. If I am watching a video and as soon as I click like (❤️ button) the video is muted automatically and I have to go back and click on that tweat again..pls look into that. Else everything is good.",46 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1205,The Ultimate Nerd,"January 28, 2023","Website crashes almost on a daily. Can't remember the last time I was able to access the site without it telling me ""cannot connect, try again later""",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1206,J B,"December 3, 2022","The app itself works flawlessly. No crashes or other issues. The platform, like all social media platforms is largely what you make of it. If you don't like someone or a particular post, it is very easy to block it or them. You have ultimate control in what you see as it should be.",43 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1207,Amanda Panda,"September 13, 2022","Twitter is super fun & it's great to express yourself, your art & follow your famliy, friends, favorite celebrities, hobbies, & all kinds of things. It's great that you have complete control over what you tweet the only downside is that if you make a mistake on a tweet you can't edit/change it you have to delete it & start all over it'd be a really great improvement if they had that option whenever they decide to update the app.",64 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1208,Victor V,"February 15, 2023","Videos don't play, same tweets on a loop. This is the worst version of this app in a while.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1209,ADAMU RABIU,"January 3, 2023",I have been enjoying Twitter by watching football matches live until recently. Idk whether Twitter deactivated that feature or it was from my app. If the problem is from the management; I urge you to bring back the feature because it makes Twitter more interesting.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1210,Funmilayo Ayeni,"February 2, 2023",The way i reset my passward your teams are great. I can not login trying to reset mo way.. I will give it more try.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1211,RAJU SINGH,"January 28, 2023","After musk has taken incharge of twitter, it's services has become pathetic, it always shows loading & doesn't work properly again we need to install twitter ..This keep on continues..3 times I have reinstalled twitter.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1212,Eka Saputro,"January 30, 2023","for you tab is not favorable for all users. so get rid of it, we want the chronological timeline and following tab only.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1213,Sheri Wong,"January 29, 2023","Recent updates are HORRIBLE! Twitter is forcing content under ""For You"" tab as default. I don't want to see that content, I want to see tweets from those that I follow!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1214,Dennis Tweedy,"February 10, 2023","I have been a member since 2017 and still do not have a blue check mark. What does a guy have to do? Other that that, a tweet edit button would be execelent!!! Why can't we have one?",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1215,George Alexe,"February 2, 2023","Got worse with the recent changes. ""For you"" timeline sucks, and you can't opt out of it being the default. Sucks since Elon took over.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1216,Divine Dela Torre,"February 13, 2023",Picture and videos it takes tine to load even though I have a good internet and phone. Why is that twitter. I already re-install still the same.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1217,Dave,"November 10, 2022","UPDATE: HOT GARBAGE! CAN'T MAKE IT THROUGH MY TIMELINE OR ANY TIMELINE WITHOUT STARTING BACK OVER FROM THE START!! EVERY TIME!!! I HATE THIS APP SO DAMN MUCH!!! No closed caption (cc) button is present to disable the feature. While trying to view videos, the lower third of the screen is completely covered by ""closed captions"" that block the video out. More often than not it's unable to ""translate"" so it's literally only blocking the video out, making it pretty unbearable to watch any posts.","4,200 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
1218,blu geisha,"February 14, 2023","it's very smooth , easy to use, I like that my tweets can be lon ger, my pics look nice......just all the way around much nicer application 🪷🪷🪷🪷🪷",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1219,Sarah Sherran,"November 26, 2022","I used to love Twitter but it has become increasingly filled with aggressive, threatening and hateful characters. It's now completely chaotic, timelines and feeds are a complete jumble and dominated by non sensical algorithms, spam and advert ising .Moderation is non existent and it is impossible to have even the most basic conversations without attracting abuse. I'm deleting it sadly after 6 years and going over to Mastodon.",60 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1220,Jonathan Tapia,"September 10, 2022","Latest version(9.58.0-release.0) is broken on android 13, Pixel 6 Pro. When opening the application, the main view is empty (blank) and even though the main bar (lowe side of screen) is visible, no matter how much you try, it is not clickable (nothing work). You cannot access anything from the main view, and no content is loaded. When accessing the app via an external link, directly to a user's page/profile, it works OK.",62 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1221,Jorrell Dove,"November 5, 2022","The app constantly gets worse and worse with each update. Takes too long to open and load, search results don't show up etc. I didn't think it was possible to outdo YouTube in ""apps that get worse and worse with each update"" but I shouldn't be surprised. When I retweet videos, the audio for no reason stops working.",152 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1222,19th Nervous Breakdown,"December 24, 2022",Under new ownership it's become what I'm sure what was originally intended. The global marketplace for free speech and spreading love and acceptance. Lost it's way for a few years. But has returned like the prodigal son ready and willing to make amends for the rudderless years spent adrift in hate and censorship and silencing the great (mostly) silent majority. Bravo I say. Bravo.,17 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1223,Uzume CEDC,"February 9, 2023",Some weird bug happened to me when I was using the app the little menu said I wasn't following anyone and that I didn't have followers and that scared me so much,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1224,K GS,"January 31, 2023",This app wasn't top notch but it was passable... Now it barely even works properly. What happened to my topics? And I cant even play the videos anymore.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1225,Ndubuisi Mba,"November 29, 2022","An incredible app with exeptional features. A reliable info platform from verifiable sources and connects people from the world over. However, the streaming platform/services is not responding as used to be since updating the app.",47 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1226,Rob Sieckmann,"December 4, 2022","I have never really used Twitter until it was under new Management. I have yet to learn all what it is capable of, but from what I have experienced so far. I absolutely love Twitter! Being able to look up and read actual facts, instead of only being shown the conforming information. I would absolutely encourage everyone to take full advantage of this awesome platform. Congratulations to Elon Musk on all of his achievements, and success thus far! Looking forward to seeing what comes next...",69 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1227,MD.SHOHIDUL ISLAM,"December 2, 2022",Freedom of expression is paramount and Twitter seems to be getting it right now . Great to see fairness in bluetick verification . Speed is better . Content sequencing and presentation in the timeline seems to have improved for sure . Presentation of popular handles in a sidewards sliding menu is welcome . Ads seem to be increasing but still controlled ... OK as a source of money for these free to use apps .,23 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1228,Michael Pearson,"October 15, 2022","It's fine, but chat is annoying. If you send a message before the preview of a link loads, it sends it without the link entirely. If you somehow are able to use voice to type out messages, it collapses the message when you switch to regular typing so you have to open it again... Extremely annoying. And the company is run by deranged, Marxist cry-bullies.",385 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1229,Tyler,"February 18, 2023",It's absurd that you now need to subscribe to Twitter blue to use two-factor authentication. The company (Elon) is willing to risk users security in order to pressure people into paying.,35 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1230,Dustin Morris,"February 8, 2023",You better fix this asap. All messages are gone. Inbox is empty. Can't send tweets.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1231,César Henrique,"December 2, 2022","Twitter is an interesting app. What I most like is that there's a lot companies in the app always twitting about new things that are going to release or is already available to us. Twitter can keep you informed of what's happening in the world. (Technology, politics, news) I just won't give it 5 stars because there are some sounds within the app that most of the times don't work, I'm referring to the like (that heart that you can touch when you like something) and comments.",181 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1232,Ava #101 S.,"February 1, 2023",It is awesome with events occurring at that moment. Love it! Better than any news platform!,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1233,Beauceron “Curassow” Curassow,"February 19, 2023",The security changes that Twitter have implemented will become a serious security risk for every user who do not pay the monthly fee to have a Blue check next to their Acct. I would suggest everyone use caution,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1234,Grace Kelley,"October 20, 2022","I want to like this app, I really do. However, the system for reporting tweets has become a frustrating mess in recent weeks. I go to select additional tweets to add to a report, and either the app doesn't load any tweets, becomes obnoxiously slow, or most frustrating of all, tweets get selected that I did not at all click and take forever to unselect if the app ever decides to register my choices. Trying to make a safer environment should not be this frustrating. Fix the system!",167 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1235,Jody Huston,"November 28, 2022",I enjoy it lots of variety news sports pretty much find what interests you. I know I do. Tremendous amounts of opportunities and possibilities are endless. Looking for hot to cold it's on the top. Check it out new owners got it going on.....,27 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1236,Muhammad Ali,"January 29, 2023",After recent updateI've the very bad experience by having slow speed of accessing the search bar and even the slowest ever experience,16 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1237,Jea S (Jea),"February 13, 2023",Free speach seems to be restored. Occasionally a little buggy but not terrible. Better source of information than the legacy media if you know who publishes actual facts.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1238,yan b,"February 18, 2023",There is no need to show the tweets that I just retweeted on the timeline again. So messy and annoying!!!,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1239,Fitri Nur Aulia,"February 5, 2023","The quality is going bad BAD, EVEN WORST. If you keep charge user for everything like this, you'll going to lose many of them especially after that paid API feature.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1240,Robbie NA,"January 30, 2023","The app keeps reverting to ""For You"" every time it is closed and relaunched. Please make the selection stick!",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1241,Hartono Wongso,"October 2, 2022","Usually im neutral with the way the app works. I usually send links of tweets that has medias in it that i like into my DM. So,my DM is full of links. This app before the update can just open the link that has tweet in it,but after the update it will send you to browser first before you click 'switch to app' which is annoying as heck. Hoping you guys can revert this setting that click tweet link on DM can be opened on the app itself,not through browser. thanks.",82 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1242,Pat Shemorry,"February 3, 2023","I'm new to the application of social media. I haven't appreciated it before. Elon Musk's investment has helped me to understand the frustration and vexations of their users. In between all the tweeting and pecking is the desire to understand. Thanks for helping me. I'm looking forward to developing my own Twitterverse and look forward to progressive discourse, or to have a civilized or uncivilized conversation with anyone who thinks I need to know better or tweak my stance. Chers 🌈🌄💜",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1243,Dina D,"February 18, 2023","Twitter has been rubbish since the Musk takeover. Numerous failed to send tweets, buggy notifications, old timeline with bad refresh UX... What on earth??",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1244,Bethany Skinn,"January 29, 2023","This app has become so useless, recently non of my tweets will send and I don't get the error message so not blocked, it's beyond annoying, do not recommend app",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1245,Thomas Mills,"January 21, 2023","Two tabs now wasting screen space on my home page. Cannot disable, cannot default to my followers only (which is the point of following specific users on an application surely). Stop forcing users thru cheap tactics to increase usage.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1246,Marcus A. Elias,"December 26, 2022","Never once did I think I would have a Twitter account. After seeing what Elon is doing and opening it up for true dialog and opions I figured I give it a try. Very intuitive platform and engaging, so far so good.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1247,matt bane,"December 23, 2022","Well, it's Biased toward one party and not the right one :) it started freezing so I could look but not tweet. They just brought out an update! Black screen now so no looking no tweeting fun app.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1248,Sarah Alyani Mohd Iskandar,"December 16, 2022",I had to reset my password recently as I had forgotten it but I couldn't log back in because Twitter suddenly doesn't recognise my phone number?? This is unbelievable as they've been able to send a code to that number before with no issue.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1249,Sofia,"January 17, 2023","Recently twitter's algorithm has been terrible. Maybe its just me, but yeah i dont appreciate it when my tweets get hidden. It used to be good, but now its not. I Followed all the requirements in order for my tweets to be accessable but its still not working??",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1250,Fatai Adediran (Shekina Glory Osun),"December 20, 2022","This app has been very useful to me in reaching out to people, exchanging ideas, opinions and sharing information on practically every subject in a concise manner that gives better meaning to life than ever before. The app remains the best in SM",54 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1251,Ben Hamilton,"December 11, 2022","Years ago I had made a Twitter account but wasn't too pleased with using the platform. Once Elon had hinted at purchasing it and the app would be under new ownership, I decided to give it a try again. Over time, the app has steadily improved.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1252,Inderjeet Rajbans,"December 19, 2022","Hi Twitter.. I am not able to verify my account as it says ""Due to a technical issue, we couldn't complete this request. Please try again."" whenever I'm trying to get a code on my mobile. It's been a week. I have sent an email as well but no response yet.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1253,Alex Jolly (JollyClaret),"January 2, 2023","App has not worked all day yet fine on mobile browser, ignoring the ""works better on app"" notification because it has not worked at all. Constant crashes with the android app.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1254,kushagra tripathi,"January 7, 2023",One of the better things that I like about twitter is that it's thread interface is cleaner. For example Reddit threads are a bit non appealing. Overall good. I just don't want random female tweet notifications that I don't follow.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1255,Desire B Bashushana,"January 10, 2023","Earlier, l had liked it's functionality but now. My account is logged out then try to log in, it fails that is not found. And it's not my issue, l had found it normal to everyone so try to get on that. Thanks",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1256,Kareem R.,"December 19, 2022","One 'flaw' is that when I have someone's tweet open on the app then I switch to other apps and do other things for a while, when I come back to Twitter I am no longer in the tweet that I had open previously, instead I have been returned to the home page. I wish it would not do this.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1257,Star Trill,"January 20, 2023",I keep getting the error can't retrieve tweets at this time and something isn't right whenever I open the app. It has been more than a month. Tried clear cache and still nothing.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1258,Daniel Oladunjoye,"January 11, 2023","My best app but I've noticed a bug, if you're scrolling through a person's followers or following list and click to check a profile in either of those list and come back to continue scrolling it goes back up to the beginning.",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1259,JAYSHIL MAKWANA,"December 21, 2022","Using Instagram since 2017 but from last couple of day Whenever I try to login in my twitter account it shows the error message like ""we can't send text message to this phone number because its operator is not supported"". Tried to contact twitter help desk via mail but still no reply. So I urge twitter team to please look into my issue and Restore my twitter account as soon as possible.",9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1260,Mike,"January 22, 2023",Great app. Have had no problems with it as I know how to use it properly. Improvements seems functional and forward thinking. Look forward to seeing many more updates.,10 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1261,Ruskin,"January 21, 2023","why the heck is there not an option to select the ""following"" option as the main display? no one asked for or wanted a ""for you"" and i definitely do not want it set to my default view. there's a reason you can select who to follow, so that you can follow what you want and see the content you want. fix it.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1262,Gangasagar Ransarje,"January 4, 2023","It's pretty fun, but what I took that one star for is that how quickly the algorithm changes my feed analysing my footprints, i mean finger prints ( bad joke I know ). I mean, let me stay at one thing for some time.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1263,Raviraj Sisodia,"January 23, 2023",Application is getting worse and worse after each uodate. It keeps crashing again and again. Never had this issue in last 10 years.,28 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1264,Clara Regína Ludwig,"January 2, 2023","Finally found my tribe on there! Since the last update the app crashes many, many times a day and has rapidly increased day by day... Will try to uninstall/reinstall, bc nothing else has worked till now 🥺",5 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1265,Mark D,"January 21, 2023","This horrible new default ""For You"" tab. I spent ages looking through settings to try and turn it off. I couldn't find it. So it must be forced on me. Dreadful decision by the developers of this app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1266,Eric Hawkins,"January 13, 2023","Twitter needed to do one thing, and only one thing. Display tweets in the order they were created. They did not. It's full of ads, sponsored tweets, and terrible gimmicks. 3rd party clients work better.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1267,Dharmesh Kumar,"December 15, 2022","For last one month, When I upload video than video and voice are mismatched. Video running slow and voice running in faster way. Kindly solve my problem. 🙏",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1268,MR J Aruba,"January 5, 2023","Text selection appears black on Google Pixel 7 Pro and changing profile picture takes too long. Also something is wrong with your email on ""contact dev"" in Google play store.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1269,Jay RPG,"December 22, 2022","Maybe firing all the engineers wasn't the brightest idea Enron has ever had. App is falling apart: - Tweets that say they have replies do not show any of the replies. - Tweet threads are buggy, the whole thread fails to load more often than not. - Notification tab frequently doesn't show notifications & when the badge showing new notifications does show up it takes viewing them 3-4 times before the badge clears. - The trending/news/entertainment tabs often say ""there is nothing here right now"".",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1270,Mo Rahman,"January 3, 2023","App lags since Elon Musk's takeover. Before it worked smoothly but now, it's lags, can't upload images, it's keeps freezing when uploading and trying to write a comment etc, I keep have to restart Twitter.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1271,Neil James,"January 25, 2023",This app is getting worse and worse every update. Adding useless 'features' such as the 'for you' algorithm is slowing the app down to almost unusable levels.,20 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1272,sweet chilli,"January 3, 2023","After a few minutes, listening to space in the background automatically stops and I'd lose track of where I was because it starts from the beginning again. This needs to be fixed.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1273,Selina Petrocco,"December 16, 2022","Since the update so many functions that were working perfectly, now aren't as efficient as before. I can't like a post or a photo without open it first..🤦🏻‍♀️",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1274,Santhoshi Burugoju,"December 22, 2022","First of all , my Twitter handle was exposed to spam bots... n by spam tweets my account was suspended , after submitting an appeal it took two weeks to unsuspend , and now when I try to log back using 2 stage authentication I'm getting an error "" Twitter can't send the message because it's operatior is...."" I can't even read the full error... Twitter is going to die soon",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1275,Heather Duff,"January 24, 2023",Timeline changes while I'm trying to read. Full of notifications of replies I don't care about and things people I'm following liked instead of THEIR OWN TWEETS THAT I SUBSCRIBED TO. Keeps switching back to For You while trying to read Following. The increasingly desperate attempts to find Topics I like are kind of entertaining though.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1276,R. Lee Pander Jr.,"January 18, 2023","Great app. The only problem I have is that Twitter Blue isn't available for Android. For a guy who sends self landing rockets into space and created an autonomous driving EV, I just don't get it.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1277,Chad Crigger,"January 2, 2023",I downloaded the app when it first came out and I loved it. Then somehow over a few years it became a hole of insufferable know it all types who were dead set on keeping a woke narrative . I deleted Twitter. Now Twitter is back to almost normal and I thank Elon for that.,3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1278,art lasanta,"January 3, 2023",Twitter 2.0 has many improvements to it first of all free speech. The product has gotten much better easier to use more intuitive. A lot more fun once you can say the truth and question things,6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1279,ZAKKI BOI (sixpence recording studio),"January 9, 2023","I never really understood Twitter, I thought it was just an app for famous people to feel even more glorified and sell stuff without having to create anything. Now that Elon has bought it, I still think it's somewhat the same, but now I feel it's also the last place in the world where you can have an honest thought be shared.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1280,MKS,"January 13, 2023","Since the new owner took over,it is a nice app; not so uptight. This app does give a great platform for quick comments and sharing of info and memes. I like the resharing feature, count ability and the way it allows for commercial reselling, web site and hashtag linking without squashing the fun stuff. Twitter's profile layout is Great!😁",981 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1281,Anish Panda,"December 21, 2022","I can not access my account, when I try to get the verification code through my mobile no, it's showing something went wrong and it's operator doesn't support, I try to connect with Twitter support team but they didn't gave me any reply. Please Twitter help me with this",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1282,Shalini Bhattacharyya,"January 18, 2023",Absolute trash ever since the change in its Overlord. Got mass followed by 30+ bots in 2 days and then got my account permanently suspended. What's the point of sending it to be reviwed when the team itself is in shambles and nothing will come out of it.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1283,Louis Chumba,"January 17, 2023",The app is no longer fun. Twitter keeps locking accounts and when you finish the steps to login you find alot of followers have been deducted. This has been going on for the past one week and nothing has been solved.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1284,Shashikanth Revelly,"January 24, 2023","I used to love twitter in the beginning. But now its becoming Worst. Too much lag even for a reply or to tweet. I have tried all possible ways to solve, but nothing is wrong from my side, it's twitter worst performance. That's all",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1285,Gopher San,"January 8, 2023","Very fun, entertaining & educational ! Get to learn many ideas, issues, etc, u can't FIND in the traditional print, broadcast media. A basic priviledge.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1286,Stuart Sharp,"January 14, 2023","I've never had much complaint about the usability of Twitter and it always seemed to be a pretty stable service. Also, since Elon bought Twitter it's been good to see a more diverse mixture of society using the platform. It was immoral of Twitter to take away users' freedom of speech and work with government agencies and vaccine manufacturers to silence people for two years so recent changes have been a step in the right direction. Also, I see no problem with the $8.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1287,Carlo Mascolo,"January 1, 2023","I don't know what happened, last update is awful, the app is crashing continuously when i try to tweet or quote.... Impossible to use, had to switch to the webapp to use it properly",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1288,disha,"January 20, 2023",moving the view count to the right side is really a bad UX. it's easier when the like button was on the right side. why don't you just get rid of it?,71 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1289,Randall B,"January 25, 2023",Great and snappy experience everytime I use it. Never have had an issue yet. Most of the complaints on here are from user error. So just ignore them and give it a try. If your able to read instructions and understand them you will be fine,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1290,Stell Ivy Merryl Abueg,"January 9, 2023",the app always crash. it always stop so i had to delete my recent apps and re-run the app again. it's inconvenient 🙄 maybe you could fix that issue.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1291,Gabriela Borges,"January 10, 2023","My app notification are silent even though the Android configurarion is right (Allow sound and vibration). That sucks! I can't fix, tried everything already.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1292,Nai Martinez,"December 16, 2022","One day, I'll have a translate button that works the next day it doesn't.... Yes, I have updated the app. Yes, I have unintalled and reinstalled the app. Yes, I have checked my phone and computer settings.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1293,رحيمة عبد الله بلال,"January 18, 2023","I love this app! You can now add 4 things on one tweet! And when you add a photo, Twitter gives you the option to flag if wether it's Violence, sensitive, inappropriate, etc. And when you follow someone, Twitter will recommend accounts that are like the account you followed, or the account that you followed other people. Btw there's no ads 👁️👄👁️",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1294,Joel Rudzinski,"January 24, 2023","1 star for being forced to use this app as opposed to the 3rd party one that I actually enjoyed. Also, make a widget available for Android phones like Tweetcaster did. That's the main reason Tweetcaster was better than the native app. Elon strikes again.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1295,lvyn.1997 _,"December 20, 2022","The app has been buggy with posts disappearing as I scroll, and I can't even upload a new profile picture. I have restarted my apps and even checked for update and restarted my phone but my profile photo won't change.....",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1296,Maurice Work,"January 9, 2023","Since the new management this app is deteriorating, problems after problems, videos freezing, images not loading, I have been a paying member of Twitter since 2013... Since Reeve took over no one maintains this app anymore...",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1297,Demi Candu,"January 11, 2023","Elon stop destroying this app with each update challenge: flopped. Why are videos stopping midway? Why is the audio cutting out constantly? Who even asked for the tweet views, bring back the symmetry. Notifications are lagging, too. Disgrace of an app.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1298,Ranga Eunny,"January 1, 2023","Since November, the app has been crashing or freezing frequently Highly unstable and frustrating experience. Every day a new bug",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1299,Renee Christensen,"December 30, 2022","I joined Twitter when Elon Musk took over and have really enjoyed the app. Twitter Spaces have been excellent discussions where I have spent hours listening to old school style debates that have been fantastic. I am excited to see all the upgrades and where this team takes this social media space in the coming years. Thank you Elon Musk and team, you all ROCK.",7 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1300,Miss Green,"December 16, 2022","I love it, even iff the app has gotten much, MUCH more+ ""adult-xXx"" these last few years, I don't like how *how are anybody* can achieve thee #bluecheckmark verification thingy.. ...But I like how the app allows you to access a wealth of information/opportunities, current events, trending topics pop culture +excellent business/networking even dating -&+ shopping 🛍️🛒🏷️..kinda thangs...(🤘🏽😜)!!? One last thang: I love💗 twitter's focus on words, thoughts + expressing yourself💭✨💯™",8 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1301,ansir mumtaz,"January 18, 2023",After Elon Musk took it... this app is a whole different version. No need to give any review. Because everyone knows how twitter is doing. But I would say one of the best app I ever have. Just wondering about monetization in this app.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1302,Lee Swain,"January 21, 2023","Awful update, put my home screen bk, dont want to see 'for you' .. its irritating, give me choice to just put 'following' up.. oh and damn theres buggy bits, page doesnt auto refresh no more when u go on, constantly keep seeing same posts or I never get any recent posts from accs I follow... pls put it bk to how it used to be",13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1303,Santiago Navascues,"January 23, 2023","Remove the ""for you/ following"" tabs. They slow down the app both Web and mobile and it's unnecessarily confusing. I only need the tweets in chronological order the of the people I follow!",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1304,Carl Davis (Sea8ones),"December 19, 2022","I still feel like Twitter needs an edit feature to be able to fix typos and it needs a feature like fakebook has. The fakebook feature called marketplace is extremely helpful, I just wish Twitter had a similar feature.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1305,Chris Mitchell,"January 20, 2023","The new for you tab is garbage. Give me a way to get rid of it. Let me see the tweets that I want, not things that you think I want. I follow who I want to follow, so let's leave it at that. The feeds are sluggish lately as well. This app is going downhill quick.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1306,Chay Marie,"January 4, 2023",if there was an edit button it wouldn't be so bad. also a way to delete all twits on an account if they wanted to clean up their profile. Update; i no longer get notifications,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1307,Keyur Luvani,"December 17, 2022","Today at night, My twitter accounts suddenly not working. First of all my twitter accounts wants me to Verify my phone number and therefore I click the 'send code' button and i received this type of red line Due to technical issue, we couldn't complete this request. please try again.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1308,The Management,"December 23, 2022","It doesn't even deserve a star ,Twitter is becoming annoying, I wanted to create a new acct,why does it say ,Invalid phone number,while my phone number is correct? I've tried all my numbers and it's says Invalid phone number,it does the same thing to other people, why is that? Please you should work on that as soon as possible please,cuz Twitter is my best social media app....",44 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1309,Robert Berthiaume (BrokenNinja),"January 24, 2023","Not a huge user of Twitter, but whatever is happening on the backend lately, Tweets & Replies are jamming up and not being sent. When you attempt to resend, they get sent twice.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1310,Wayne Bengtsson,"January 8, 2023","New to Twitter. The app part works well. Use the app more than the web. Update Jan 2023. The app continues to function well enough, for my use, for now. The content experience has declined, in my opinion. Your opinion may be different.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1311,Alisa Burger,"January 20, 2023","Twitter is fine, but it was better with how it was before. And it's still frustrating not to have the edit button every person who uses the app, needs. Other than that it's still okay",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1312,Ebony Boone,"January 23, 2023","I have a few perspectives to share & while you don't have to listen, I hope you do. The first tab that I open when I open twitter should be to “following” NOT the “for you” tab. That's not the first tab I want to engage with when I sign in. I also feel like we should have the respect to not be interested in trends & also them not coming RIGHT back up after saying, not interested. Declog twitter & make it simplistic. There's no need to do the most. Make this app more efficient. Less cloggage.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1313,Grace Odunsi,"December 29, 2022",This used to be one of my favorite apps and social media platforms that I've utilized for the past SIX years. That was until I got suspended for telling my best friend I would kill her as a joke in regards to a tweet she made. I was suspended within SECONDS of making the tweet and twitter refuses to give my account back. Their customer service is automated which is super frustrating because I want my account back. I've used that account for years it's really something near and dear to me.,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1314,RitosM,"January 20, 2023","Twitter development team making the absolute worst UX UI decisions like moving the like button which used to be on the right into THE MIDDLE and replacing it with the view counter, which literally nobody needs to press, like...what? couldn't you guys use some common sense?",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1315,Maria Matters,"January 9, 2023","Restoring freedom of speech on a platform like Twitter is a huge step to preserve freedom as a whole in America and around the world. The app is better than ever, easy to navigate, uniting people around the world. A constant exchange of ideas to awaken humanity! Excellent!",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1316,Sudakshina Banerjee,"January 22, 2023","I don't understand what's wrong with my Twitter account? I can't copy-paste any video uploaded on Twitter to my Twitter account. But those whom I follow on Twitter or those who follow me can copy and paste the video. This problem has been going on for months, I thought it would fix itself, but no, the problem still persists.","1,326 people found this review helpful",2,twitter
1317,Phil Andrews,"December 29, 2022","Constantly locks up whenever I try to type anything, since December 13th. Sometimes freezes the tablet or phone, and crashes to the home screen.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1318,James Wallace,"December 22, 2022",I never really used Twitter before. After Elon bought it I thought I would give it a try. Great app. A great way to get and record the real news. I especially like the Twitter files. Thank you!,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1319,Kim Tamayo,"January 5, 2023",Your system locked one of my accounts for confirmation but won't send any OTP in SMS for me to verify. Either that or it will state that the number I placed is unsupported when there's nothing wrong with it.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1320,Taco Sauce,"January 21, 2023","App has made a series of reversible changes to the opposition of the majority of the user base - has been slowly becoming more unusable as time goes on. App has also thrown user safety out the window ""for the lolz"" including keeping and promoting anti-human-rights posters",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1321,William Blake Saegert,"January 21, 2023","Nothing loads correctly...blank profiles....blank everything except the main feed. Been that way for years, app is trash but i stay because of all the action. Edit: things have improved, thanks elon!",9 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1322,Kira,"December 26, 2022","recently the app has become borderline unusable. crashes constantly, and sometimes i can't even open it because it crashes on startup.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1323,Alan,"December 31, 2022",Auto correct gone wrong. When it suggests grammer or spell corrections on s22ultra oneui5 ot black/blanks out whole word. So if you move cursor to correct you can't see anything,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1324,onyxmoon,"December 25, 2022",DMs won't load. For certain people dms will not load and this has been going on for days or over a week even and I can't send posts or communicate like usual. I've dont everything and it's still glitched. Fix it..this app is so buggy.,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1325,JOLLEY AUSSIES,"December 30, 2022",It keeps crashing. I can't post anything. This app sucks I still can't post and it crashes every time I use it! Uninstalling!!!!! ZERO STARS FOR THIS APP!,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1326,Tom Methven,"December 27, 2022","I've blocked the update for ages and it's just forced one and... Wow, the usability of the app is just abysmal now. No, I don't want to do spaces. No I don't want to tweet to a circle. No I don't want to see the number of views. No I don't want to do mixed media. No I don't want a hexagonal pfp. Maybe just let me do a tweet? Even the text highlighting is broken on dark mode and looks like you've redacted the text. Top work.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1327,SqwEarl *,"December 30, 2022","Great fun as long as you follow the right people. Freedom of speech seems to be back. The algorithms will not help you, it never suggests people I'd actually like, only lefties.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1328,Liz Flores,"December 19, 2022",As soon as I joined blue.. im no longer able to post. I can rt like and chat but making a post fails. Contacted support numerous times and no one has fixed or gotten back to me. I use Twitter a lot and have a super huge following..,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1329,Natalia Priscila,"December 13, 2022",Why would you be giving us an option for 2FA and yet it has a bug where SMS codes haven’t delivered to us! Are you joking with your app?? We trying so hard to reach out thru email to you. And you doing NOTHING! No response!! You better FIX this issue.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1330,Sylvia Gonzales,"January 9, 2023","I apply for life line and a new phone, but as soon as I got it out door, it started to act up and phone stopped working and agent would not replace my mobile device, said I had to contact lifeline on my own, went with a different carrier, now I need to transfer life line to a different carrier, unable to reach dealer for help.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1331,Adam T,"January 24, 2023",Fairly disappointing. This official app's development is significantly behind that of the 3rd party app I was using (until 3rd party app support was terminated recently - jan '23). Unfortunately it's the only option now so I'm stuck with it.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1332,Sahzod İrgashev,"December 29, 2022","I started to be unable to see my chat with my most frequently chatted friend. I uninstalled and reinstalled the twitter. Can't log in to my account because I get ""something isn't right"" error. Fıx your goddamn app.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1333,Dr. Peach,"January 12, 2023","I do not understand what the hell is wrong with this app! I've tried 4 different numbers already, still it says ""cannot register this no. Right now"" i'm so sick of this problem!! If i could, i would have rated this app only half a star!!!!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1334,Conor L Bradley,"January 24, 2023",They made a change and chronological timelines are buried. If you want your chronological timeline you need version 9.69.1. I recommend disabling auto updates until then.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1335,Mihály Mészáros,"January 21, 2023","the latest version doesn't want to remember anymore, that i'm using it in ""Following"" mode, tries to force me to use ""For you"" mode. i have to switch back every single time i open the app.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1336,Nazrif Jalaide,"December 31, 2022","It's all good but when I try to change fonts for my phone. All other apps follow the new font and injected in their app the font installed but in here, I always need to clear the Twitter data first before it works. And when I close the Twitter app and open it again, the default Twitter font is visible again while all other apps still follow the font I installed to use.",20 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1337,Vidyasagar Savant,"December 11, 2022",Video playing experience has been ruined. Video keeps buffering despite good internet connection. Videos of other countries like FIFA videos cannot be played. And they claim free speech lol. Tweets cannot be retrieved 🤧🤦.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1338,Trisha Kaye,"January 6, 2023",its been doing good for using this app for more than a year. not until last year december. my account kept locking and i cant get it back anymore even tho im still using the email and the phone number associated with the account,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1339,Craig Hoodless,"January 9, 2023",All of a sudden the app crashes when trying to tweet. Worked fine after reinstall until I let it use my location and now it crashes again. Sort it out Elon,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1340,Tammy Gates,"December 17, 2022","So happy with Twitter since Elon's purchase. It feels like a bit of light shining in the dark depressing den of hate that existed in the space before. The current platform encourages users to get on Twitter and stay on, following the threads. I didn't last 5 minutes/ log in before Elon's purchase because of how hate fueled the site was towards conservatives. Much, much better now and thank you Elon for the Twitter Files!",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1341,Carolina Wolf (ghoulviren),"January 24, 2023","Please get rid of the For you Page, it is distracting and annoying and prevents me from getting to my profile tab on the left fastly. If you wanna keep it, give us the option to disable it.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1342,lekshmi narayanan,"December 20, 2022","Whenever i tried to login, iam receiving the message ""we can't text to this phone number because the operator is not supported "". For the past 3 days iam facing this problem and till now i can't able to login. What is this??????",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1343,Joe Maier,"January 2, 2023",Pretty much has become hard to use. Was basically unusable the past couple days until I figured out giving it location privileges to tag locations of a Tweet would just lock it up immediately on any attempt to Tweet. Hopefully a new fix will come soon to remedy that.,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1344,M Madison,"December 23, 2022","My favorite - I always use the app a bunch but the changes in recent past have made it that much better. Much more usable, stable, and fast.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1345,Shakeel Ahmed,"December 13, 2022",Unable to receive OTP. Have tried multiple times or logging in and trying to get help from help centre as well. Login screen stay unresponsive and doesn't let me login my account. Please look into this,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1346,James Saa,"December 16, 2022","I love this app. Great database for some upto date and latest news, videos, pictures all that stuff. Its kind of official communication do here. The other day I almost asked my boss my leave through here. Great work guys. keep it lit, I love how the boss #Musk is doing it. Say Hi to #Musk for me.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1347,רז בן-נון,"January 14, 2023","I used to say twitter was a mess - I want to update my statement, it is no longer a mess, twitter runs pretty smoothly now, updates and new features around every corner, and overall a pretty good app for staying up to date or you could say it's basically a ""fun forum"" (like Reddit or whatever)",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1348,ATP19XX,"December 16, 2022","The new ""brute force"" ad experiment makes the use of app veeeerry sub par. Might be a good time to switch to alternatives like Mastodon, Hive, or others if ad serving stays this aggressive. 💀👌",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1349,Mark,"January 6, 2023","Implement Material You please! That way my home screen looks better on my Pixel 6 Pro. Also, most recent update makes it so I can't tweet? I can't share links either from sites. Before it was perfectly fine. Did the Android team leave? STILL broken.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1350,Eduardo Mendez,"December 31, 2022","It's good and keeps getting better each year, just ignore the flame wars on there and it's the perfect app! 😁 Edit: Sat Dec 31 2022 It's the best app out there with the most freedom to express your thoughts and you don't get banned for stupid things like other apps *Cough Instagram, Facebook, TikTok *Cough.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1351,Thomas Miraglia,"January 14, 2023",Ever since Musk took over. The app is amazing. He's breaking things and rixing them and mixing it up to see what works. Unlikkw most people he's undoubtedly one of the most unique interesting personalities of a generation,4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1352,s s,"December 23, 2022",Why don't you add a new filter option so we can see the most popular posts of a tag in the search results instead of scrolling past 100 shitposts to find some actual content. That would be perfect.,3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1353,Alexander 2107,"December 20, 2022",Old: It's Twitter. It's like most social Media but atleast somewhat less disturbing than FB. I rarely have problems with the App and is otherwise clean and easy to use. It's my preferred social Platform.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1354,Zach Sabel,"December 27, 2022",Constant crashes. For the past few days I've been experiencing constant crashes and hangs when trying to post.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1355,Alireza “Toopchi”,"December 11, 2022",It keeps me updated by providing real-time access to the news before gets into the news. It also provides knowledge on what others think about the same topic.,6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1356,Agboye Felix,"December 23, 2022","I've been trying to create an account for the past two days but it isn't working, I've used my phone but it keeps showing that I should use a valid number, I also tried using my Gmail account but they've not sent me the verification code, at some point it even shows that it ""can't register my account""",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1357,Clara Mei Chen,"December 18, 2022","I just change handphone from older one to samsung galaxy z flip 3, wanna access my accounts here but it fails with note: we cannot send a text message to this phone number because its... I don't know why it's happened, but please fix it",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1358,Brandon Mckinley,"January 14, 2023",Remove all sports from my feed. I spend more time removing EVERY subject related to it yet you FORCE it down our throats with every turn! Put the fashion week circuit on everyone's search page and never let them remove a single facet of their coverage. That's the hell you inflict.,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1359,Scott Miller,"December 11, 2022","Seems pretty good to me, something is said, there is debate/arguing/petty meme postings/tons of replies. I read the original post, read a few of the responses and move on, useful information that you can't get elsewhere. They have polls that are interesting also, I have not come across racism or pornography so I guess it depends what you are looking for.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1360,Cameron “Cam” Gomez,"December 29, 2022",I love Twitter just a little. The app has too many problems and issues because of the updates issues. I wish the app can fix the bugs and issues.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1361,Noman,"December 10, 2022",I see space feature in this app. Which is amazing but I can't hear anything there and the biggest problem is when I try to leave the space it's always on and even after closing the app.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1362,A C,"January 9, 2023",Downloaded app and in less than one day it freezes whenever I press the 'back' button.😤 Twitter's changed for the worse since the change of hands.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1363,Camille Harris,"December 23, 2022",Can't see my messages in 2 particular chats. All others work fine. I can see the messages come in and get a preview but the actual chat history is nothing but black. Just started this week 🙃,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1364,Mike Justice,"January 7, 2023",Just started really using the app. Had it for several years but never got into it until Elon purchased it. Thought it was just a bunch of blowhards that didn't respect freedom of speech. Hoping that there's accountability in the mix now that it's a semi responsible platform.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1365,Jeffrey Stone,"January 2, 2023",Need to add thumbs up/down option. Now it feels like I'm forced to either like every single tweet or simply not click on the like button. When is the ability to edit tweets going to happen? When is the ability to edit DMs going to happen?,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1366,Matt Smith,"January 25, 2023",The new Following/For You tabs on the homepage suck. I just want content from the accounts I follow. The app now defaults to For You when opening and switching to Following doesn't go to where you left last time like the home page used to.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1367,Hui Jing Chin,"January 20, 2023",Kindly fix the videos playback error. The sound is playing but the video is not playing/stuck. This is very upsetting.,4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1368,jack ph,"December 21, 2022",Recently getting notification from Twitter user who i don't know in person / I don't follow. Spamming my notification with their inappropriate and sexual tweets. The kind of notified updates coming from Twitter is rather useless and inconvenient. Quality of twetter is degraded.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1369,omar alsudais,"December 14, 2022",bring us the OLD Twitter. I don't know why it keeps me see tweets from people that I hate actually!!!! what's the point from following people if you already facing me to see tweets from people I don't follow!!! Even though I click not interested in these recommendations but I keep getting more and more from same type of people not to mention the latest tweets when I try to scroll up!!!!! then it shows me old tweets,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1370,Sir Skaven,"January 20, 2023","Elon has saved the company and much funner than before. However, the review will remain at one star until the ""for you"" tab goes away or a disable feature is added. ... Idk how you even make such a bad user interface decision in 2023. Iconically boomer",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1371,Anthony Carter,"January 15, 2023","I've no complaints. It works pretty well, for me, most of the time and Mr Musk appears to be feeding in some nice improvements. Just give me a blocking all sport.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1372,Nita Penz,"January 20, 2023","🌎 I'm happy to see that maps that I put out, teaching simple relevant climatology, so large with great color. They always look great! 🌍 As Nita Penz, being both a Nun & an Ecologist, I'm also starting a new Twitter page as 'Toxic-Earth Solutions'. Please follow & help out, as you care for the Earth & Humanity & our precious land, air & marine life. Let's all work together on real-time dynamic solutions. 🌏 Thanks to Twitter for helping to make this possible!!!",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1373,Raj Sagar Verma,"January 12, 2023",Elon sir I cannot open my twitter account i think my old account is deleted bcz i am opening it after nearly 1 year now I am trying to make a new account bcz the old one is not existing so when I choose language and continue a blank screen appears and after a 3-4 seconds a dark screen appears and i am back on the language choosing page and the proccess repeats even if i skip the language choosing page so basically I cannot create an account on twitter. pls help.,7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1374,Officer Zack,"January 19, 2023","Getting really annoyed with Twitter at times messing with the videos I upload, I'm tired of rewatching a video where the audio is out of sync.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1375,Henry ZR,"December 18, 2022","What's happening with the update? I thought that my tweets can't be shown because of I don't update. But after the update, it still showing that, "" the media is not available"".",13 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1376,Yonatan Yevilevich,"January 21, 2023",New updates make it much harder to see people I follow and shows me a bunch of random stuff. New view counter has awful placement and causes a bunch of visual clutter.,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1377,David Tiago Conceição,"January 22, 2023","Worst and worst. Very questionable ads all over, weird new tabs forced into my home screen, unwanted notifications and reports of questionable tweets being ignored. Really sad to see what used to be my favorite social network deteriorate.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1378,HTD 2002,"January 9, 2023","the video player is completely bugged for me, the video gets stuck and the audio keeps playing idek what to do anymore. and the view count is so unnecessary",40 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1379,Shafiq al-Shaar,"December 27, 2022",Kicking almost all your staff didn't really work out well. The app became buggy and with the random added features looks amateurish at best.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1380,yoonie verse,"January 15, 2023","You know I really love this app but there's too much bugs lately. I can't get any notifications. Please stop messing around. Instead of adding more features, fix your app.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1381,Denise Carr,"December 14, 2022","I am enjoying the new Twitter very much!! The ability to freely express my thoughts, and to be able to interact with other Twitter users, in an open manner, has been a fantastic adventure.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1382,ModelM music,"December 16, 2022","The feedback to resolve the problem is zero support service 2 days of same problem... Twitter I logged out of my account this morning and now I can't get in no matter what... I get all of your codes in my email address and phone to reset my password to try and get in but no luck, you just keep me locked out what what us going on??? I'm furious and wasted my whole day trying and then you tell me I'm blocked for trying to many times to get in 😡",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1383,Sean Stephens,"December 21, 2022","This app is not for the ""thin-skinned"" politically mindful person. It clearly shows how divided our country actually is. It is very entertaining and interesting to hear different perspectives on current events.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1384,Carlos Ebensperger,"January 24, 2023","""For You"" is a complete waste of time. Now, the ""following"" list won't auto update, and when it does it takes me to the top of my feed, so missing the place where i left it.",72 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1385,K McKenzie,"January 9, 2023","Been with Twitter 14 yrs, never had a real problem. Ever since Elon started farting around with it, constant crashes. Working as good as the Tesla Batteries. Great job spaceman 🤣👍",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1386,Andrew Barnard,"January 7, 2023","Update has killed it. Can't interact with or create tweets. As soon as I go to comment or write a tweet, the app crashes. Have forced stop. Have cleared cache. Still not working.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1387,Dave,"January 18, 2023",Twitters programming has always been second to none. Very elegant and very user friendly. But the platform has been hijacked/controlled by persons with extreme political views making using it often quite a miserable experience. Twitter is now a battlefield in the war for humanity. I'm not sure that will ever change.,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1388,Anthony,"January 22, 2023",Great app. Usually get the most related content to my interests. Sometimes I get feeds from people that I don't know or follow not sure how I end up getting notifications of some random people's feeds.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1389,Nagarajan,"January 10, 2023","Definitely good social media where we can express our feelings about everything. Be it politics, society, environment etc. Also they don't stop anyone from expressing the feelings.",8 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1390,Daniel Colon,"December 16, 2022",So much better now with all the current performance improvements. Looking forward to the continued upgrades as the platform evolves into a significant tool of communication and human development across many interests.,7 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1391,12-Hà Châu Hân,"January 17, 2023",Why is the update so suck? The timeline can't even load anymore. It just shows blank spaces and that's it. Please can you fix this issue? Pls just fix it?? It's getting worse! :'( pls,5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1392,Tom Metzger (Skerdog),"December 15, 2022",The app works wonderfully and I'm very satisfied with the current ownership (Elon Musk). My only real complaint is the way it prompts me to read new tweets every time I hit the back button.,3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1393,Rahsya.,"December 11, 2022","Nice app. But it would be nicer, if you bring back that moments feature. Because it's really useful for every users. I don't understand why you guys remove that feature, give us a logic reason.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1394,Fahad Aslam,"December 18, 2022",The app is a mess on Android. It stops responding the moment I start typing a tweet or reply to a tweet. Force closing the app is the only way forward. The iOS app works fine though.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1395,Matt N,"January 24, 2023","I can't see pictures without tapping them open and then back and then again, my feed refreshes while reading tweets, i have constant other bugs, and I'm tired of it",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1396,Albert Morse,"December 28, 2022",l love reading the tweets now. The app is glitching on my android. If I follow someone the app freezes. I have to close the app and restart it. I love the new freedom it encourages.,4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1397,Jillaryy,"December 28, 2022",When I tried to log in to my twitter account from a new device. It showed that my account has got permanently suspended. I have access to my linked email address. Kindly look into this and get my account unsuspended as I havent violated any of the twitter rules. I am deeply disappointed. It is ny comfort zone and you guys took it away. :\\,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1398,Dorian Glass,"January 25, 2023","Twitter, with Elon at the helm, is CRITICAL for society. That said, whilst generally functional, is still a tad clunky, confusing &, well, ""rough"" in it's workings. It desperately needs a functional overhaul, something I'm positive Elon has in the workings, given his demand for detail, functionality & workability. So, I'm probably highlighting something that is already fait accompli, perhaps... It would be nice, of course, to expect this. But not a deal-breaker for my commitment & patronage!",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1399,BJ24740 J,"January 24, 2023","The app can't find my associated username, email address, or phone number. I was able to reset my password with my email address. It now doesn't recognize my new password. Any recommendations?",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1400,Afolabi Ologunleko,"January 8, 2023","It is a very useful application. Though I experienced some difficulties signing into my account initially, thing's improved significantly. I'm now enjoying it.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1401,Danish Awais Khan,"January 19, 2023",Paying for blue tick is OK but the problem is anyone can purchase blue tick. In this way any blue ticked account can spread any false or unverified information or news. And due to blue tick majority of people feels that it would be an authentic news or information. So my recommendation is there should an eligibility criteria like number of followers and proper name according to Id card to get blue tick after payment.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1402,Luke Simpson,"December 17, 2022","I don't know what magic the Twitter team has been working on, but things have been looking up lately. The platform is more active than ever and it's like a whole new world. Just when I thought I had seen it all, BOOM, a whole new Twitter emerges. Keep up the good work, Elon.",7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1403,Randy Cook,"January 2, 2023",I like Elon Musk's vision for the platform. I've been using it as my main news platform for 3 years now and I find that now I feel like I'm getting more accurate content. I feel like every side gets to post what they feel is right.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1404,Cagdas Topcu,"December 29, 2022",It's a disaster. The app doesn't work properly. It crushes every minutes. I am not able to send tweets and retweets. The problems increased after Elon Musk fired so many tech workers. I am considering leaving the platform forever.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1405,Raza Mehdi,"January 21, 2023","I will not be forced to use this app experience, my disdain runs deeps, those who don't know their past, and take lessons from them are bound to repeat it. Give back control to developers and make your API's function as they should. Give me back my twitter Elon.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1406,Armyone Bareh,"December 16, 2022",Why i can't verify my phone number... When its time to send code and suddenly a notice come like( Due to some technical issue please try again) i tried it many2 times and same things happen.... I lost my data there shame on you twitter...,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1407,Heorhii Burlachenko,"January 15, 2023","I hate social networks pushing irrelevant posts as ""something you might like"". I have already subscribed to things I might like. I don't need your opinion on this! At least Instagram let's you turn off this feature.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1408,Louanne H,"December 15, 2022","The platform no longer works correctly. There are many glitches. The Trust and Safety Council has been dissolved and hate speech is rampant. The ToS were changed, seemingly to ban a single account. This change will also make it impossible for journalists to report live events unless they omit the location of the event or names of attendees.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1409,Matthew,"December 12, 2022","Since the change in ownership I've noticed more engagement, less bots, timeline moves and loads quicker. Greatly improved!",8 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1410,isa,"January 20, 2023",i had a pretty much okay experience (joined in 2020) until november of 2022- videos glitch and they stop playing the audio when i like them. sometimes i post tweets and they just disappear instead of sending. muted accs/words still somehow pop on my timeline?,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1411,Veerabhadra Hiremath,"December 21, 2022","Have been using Twitter on browser. Tried this app, after entering password app doesn't send code to login. Trying since last few weeks with no success. Thumbs down 👎",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1412,Pam Erickson,"January 15, 2023",Since Elon Musk bought the company and is putting free speech first. I love it. Nice to hear a variety of opinions from many different people! Love the fixes and changes to make it easier to use also.,3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1413,Rhonda,"December 10, 2022","Since the purchase of Twitter by Elon Musk, I can see a huge improvement in just a few months. I had deleted Twitter a couple of years ago because of all of the negativity and pop up porn that would cross my feed. I rejoined a short time ago and have not seen any at all since. I'm very impressed with the direction new management is taking Twitter.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1414,Nick Eden,"January 22, 2023","Used to work very well, but in the last few days has started trying to force a load of 'For You' claptrap on me. No idea how to make that go away and stay away, it comes back every time I open the app.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1415,Christopher Middleton,"January 21, 2023",Doesn't remember if I am want Following or Home. In a web browser that's less of a problem because the tab stays open but on a phone the app restarts way more often.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1416,The Big Kusa,"December 23, 2022","Ever since Elon took over, I don't feel like this app drowns out anyone's voices or fakes anything trending. Glad to use the app when I can. Get most of my info on the world happenings from here in real time.",8 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1417,Faiq Javaid,"December 19, 2022",My account is locked and iam unable to get verification code on my phone number. Iam unable to open my account which is very important to me its a very old issue and they are not fixing it i also mailed Twitter help center but no reply my last account was wasted due this issue.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1418,Dave Harris,"January 14, 2023","Currently broken. Tabbing to another app, trying to select a GIF or trying to change who you reply to all cause crashes and lost tweets.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1419,Becky Prestwich,"December 21, 2022","I got off of Twitter because of the obvious biases, the bots, and the censorship. Now, it seems to be a different world all together. I hope the improvements continue.",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1420,Zahid Akbar Rabbani,"January 13, 2023",My account get suspended after getting hacked. I try to contact twitter help support but there's no response for almost 3 month. There's a precious data there and I want to regain my access back. there's nothing I can do as a normal people who don't know about IT. So I give it 1 star,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1421,Dusty Gotchakid,"January 14, 2023",Twitter sucks. It repeats the same tweets over and over every day. At first I thought it was retweets but it's not. I'll like a post and scroll down only to find what I liked there unliked. Frustrating.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1422,KRISHNA KANT,"January 17, 2023","My account was falsely suspended. The process to make appeal for unsuspension is too tiring and at this point, not even worth it. There wasn't even any reason provided, app just linked to a help page on website lol. Peak of inconvenience indeed.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1423,kunal kaushik,"December 23, 2022",Not able to login as getting error message we cannot send text messages to this phone number because it's operator is not supported Twitter. This app is really a Worse app to use now a days when you can't even login.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1424,Toby Atencio,"December 26, 2022",Twitter is great when you aren't shadowbanned or permanently suspended. I would like to have 100 more characters. Telegram is a little bit better in regards to giving you a little more space to convey a complete thought.,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1425,Mario Ritchie,"February 9, 2023","I used to love using Twitter, now it unbearable. Elon Musk ruined Twitter. For some reason, I can't follow more people for some odd, stupid reason. Plus, I can't even tweet something due to some stupid daily limit, EVEN IF I HAVENT TWEETED ANYTHING FOR THE DAY",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1426,Brandi Dunn,"January 6, 2023",Can't tweet or anything unless Bixby does it. Update now the site just freezes at least 25 times a day and now that I finally figured it all out and am tweeting which is so therapeutic to me this issue is beyond frustrating and if it continues I am unistalling it,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1427,Fitriana Rakhma,"December 17, 2022","Twitter isn't that fun again after I had a hard time to login to my accounts. It's not easy again to login, I should to get an otp code and it sucks. Before updated in few months back, I get easily to login, but now my accounts gets lock by Twitter even my account is fine.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1428,F. Saji,"January 12, 2023",After new update all the time app is getting stop when i try to post pictures and videos . reported many time. My own posted videos are not working .. Please fix this problem soon..,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1429,Fen Cullen,"December 11, 2022","After the latest Android update, 90% of images and videos do not load. I updated and reinstalled twice. Please someone fix this. 😔",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1430,Jane Huntly,"January 17, 2023",I cannot login all of a sudden and i have deleted and uninstalled the app and tried to login again and it has not worked. The app keeps closing and I can't get onto my account.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1431,Destiny Cloyd,"December 26, 2022",From that new update I never see content from anyone I'm following. It's constant adds and posts from people I don't follow. I'm not even notified of the people I do follow and have post notification on for. Twitter is really ruined scince the update.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1432,Muhammad Abubakar (Ahmmedoc),"December 21, 2022",I can't login to my twitter account it's being weeks now. It's so frustrating 😤. Keeps showing an error message saying we can't send message to this phone number ***. I don't understand why,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1433,Nico Solheim-Davidson,"December 22, 2022","Installed the latest update, and now the app is unusable. Try to start a new tweet, and it crashes. Try to refresh my feed, and it crashes.",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1434,Girl Weenie,"December 23, 2022","Have been on this platform for a decade. It was a amazing & addicting BEFORE Elon Musk ruined it. Now out of the decade I've been on here, I suddenly get suspended now huh, considering that I enjoyed making fun of that butthole, that is most likely why I got suspended. Terrible app. Awful. Man baby. It also became increasingly difficult just to use the app, suddenly I can't zoom in on pics, I gifs are videos, & the racists are emboldened thanks to the man baby.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1435,Deedee Jackson,"December 23, 2022",The view count update is the worst thing to update. Why did the UI need to change it was perfectly fine! Get rid of the view count it's pointless!,25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1436,馛ダニエル,"January 16, 2023",Translation feature on other tweets doesnt give us an option most of the time. I usually following some Japanese artists but lately I cant use the translation feature on most of their tweets.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1437,Dan Brady,"December 18, 2022","Change of Heart, change of Twitter. Twitter still has ads, but it does seems less intrusive in my feed. We now can write things more freely, and navigation is getting better.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1438,Aidan Enriquez,"January 9, 2023",My Twitter account has been glitching and might be affecting my entire phone functionality. Ugh.. Adding to this review... Guys my app is totally glitching again and I can not delete the app. Review updated on Jan. 8th 2023,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1439,Brooklynn Ubhoff,"December 20, 2022",I ONCE AGAIN cannot check my messages. Opening up a message chat with my friends only shows me a blank screen. I cant see what they send me nor can i see what i send them. Fix this please,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1440,Ojukwu Arinze,"December 26, 2022","I have been using twitter not quite long and i got a message that my account was locked, which i dont know why. Now i tried verifing my account with my phone number but it not working, it keeps saying unsupported format. Now i dont have an access to twitter 😔",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1441,Trashy_Alien_Cabbit,"January 24, 2023","I have no clue what's going on or what's happening. But I never had this issue before anytime I go to comment on something or post something it keeps telling me ""failed to send tweet"" what is happening???",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1442,Raven Crisostomo,"December 24, 2022",My app keeps crashing every time I attempt to tweet something. I have to close it first and open it again 5 times or more for me to be able to use the tweet option.,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1443,Surv MC,"January 20, 2023",Can't change anymore the order of the post in the scroll list.. i want them to appear from the most recent to the oldest but they keep appearing at random order. Sooo annoying,6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1444,Bharat Mohanty,"January 4, 2023","Having terrible experience since 2 weeks. Whenever i try to write a tweet, the app is crashing repeatedly. This is so pathetic 💔 Kindly fix the issue ASAP",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1445,Naveen Absar Uddin,"January 21, 2023","The new update is horrendous, I've never made use of the 'Home' feed and now it's the default as 'For you'. I don't care about what people have liked or interacted with, I just want to see what people I chose to follow are saying",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1446,Milan Svitek,"December 25, 2022",Unusable mess for the past week or so; keeps freezing and crashing. Hope it's fixed soon.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1447,Jonathan “AzureJ” Smith,"January 25, 2023","In the lists, could use a filter to show a list of those creators who are on the list itself. That way I don't have to scroll down to the Myspace era to find a creator.",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1448,Fire'DitX - The Riders Vlog,"January 6, 2023","App Crashing frequently. Twitter Recently used in Browsers, Now installed Android version. & It crashing frequently. & I'm using updated version anyway.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1449,KorHDD Re;Birth,"December 25, 2022",The twitter app keeps refreshing itself and sending me to the top of my timeline and making me miss the tweets I haven't seen yet. Please fix this. It's frustrating.,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1450,S Coyne,"January 17, 2023",Like banging my head on a wall. Either won't load or does load then crashes inside 60 seconds. Mind you that's when doing something complex like scrolling down or up. Become a joke in last few weeks,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1451,Janine Massey,"January 22, 2023","Most reliable social media platform. Runs well, new updates/features/improvements are added regularly. Finally nice to have a mainstream platform that is accountable.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1452,Mari Biba,"December 16, 2022","A lot of bugs, in tl I can't liked posts, just only open a full twit, and when someone want to change phone namber it doesn't support Ukrainian numbers. also, when switching from messages to the tl, it is thrown from the app",13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1453,Veronica D Johnson,"January 18, 2023","My first time on Twitter. I love the variety of subjects, multicultural people with interesting topics, points of view, wealth of information. On the other hand I noticed I am being followed by fake accounts, I spent 2 hours deleting fake accounts. Also it can get a little Facebooklish. Well, It's only been two weeks I am learning my way around. I would recommend this app for networking and business opportunities. Stay away from the drama.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1454,Fatma Yaman,"January 24, 2023","I was having trouble accessing my dms and I deleted the app a few days ago. Since then, I cannot login into my account because the app keeps saying something's wrong!",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1455,H. I. M Mumbua,"January 17, 2023","Since Musk era the app keeps getting worse, too many ads and unfiltered content keeps showing up in the TL. Loading videos and pictures is super slow too",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1456,Manoj Murali,"December 11, 2022","Last week two times twitter didn't work, i got a pop-up message like ""you cannot retrieve the message at this time"" it has been annoying So quickly twitter team should fix the app issues.",7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1457,Brannigan Draic,"December 16, 2022",The recent changes including the lack of content management is turning Twitter into a very hostile place. The algorithms promote dramatic and often unpleasant content. I have permanently deleted my account.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1458,Dana Martinez,"December 17, 2022",Definetly can use some improvement I used to look at twitter like a mature platform but with all the negativity on there..its getting kind of messy and doesnt look like a great platform anymore. Do better,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1459,Ken,"December 16, 2022","Security nightmare on newest update. Just don't update, and ideally switch to a different app that integrates twitter web view.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1460,Daria Cristian,"January 20, 2023","STOP GIVING US ""UPDATES"" THAT NO ONE WANTED!!!! This app is getting worse by day istg😭 literally no one wanted the ""for you"", ""following"" or ""views"". Its just tryna turn into tiktok at this point💀get rid of views and bring back the old timeline PLEASE",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1461,Greg Ferrari,"January 4, 2023","What the hell is wrong with this app! Consistantly crashes, now i reinstalled it and it just keeps refreshing a blank page.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1462,Vinny,"January 20, 2023","Yet again, another update that makes the app worse, get rid of this ""for you"" page nonsense or give us the option to turn it off. This app has been going downhill for months",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1463,Thuita Maina,"January 7, 2023","hangs a lot, turn off retwwets does not work. In the last 5 hours I haven't been able to make a single tweet every time I try app crashes , am tired.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1464,Skipper Pierce,"December 23, 2022",This newest update is completely awful. The format is off and doesn't function well at all. Seeing the view count on the tweet is stupid. This has to change,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1465,Arman,"January 5, 2023",There are more bugs on this app than there are bugs on this planet :))) Almost nothing works properly. Or maybe being a Telegram user has caused me to have extremely high expectations.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1466,Oti ThankGod,"December 21, 2022",I changed my phone and I'm not able to gain access to my account due to two factor authentication. It's telling me I can't receive the code cause my service provider isn't supported or what not. Please I need to gain access to my account back.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1467,Sarah Kiggundu,"December 19, 2022","Before 3 days back, I haven't had any issues with twitter but lately I've been kicked out of my account and i have no clue to what could be the problem, i can't login not even do any changes, please i wish to know if there's anything wrong.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1468,Rathnachalam Comal,"January 6, 2023",Simply superb. Only issue is the need for bigger texts and longer video facilities for posting. Otherwise very happy.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1469,Deepak Udayakumar,"January 21, 2023","Trending section doesn't working properly, It never shows what's trending on my location. (13/07/2021) Now the pictures are not loading, WTH is this? Edits: Its time to edit now, its perfectly working fine.",21 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1470,Christine Kurz,"December 23, 2022","really slow now. after pressing the button to create a tweet or reply, it freezes for several minutes before letting me do anything. not really worth waiting for, tbh.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1471,Katie Smith,"January 5, 2023",It feels a lot less intimidating being on there now as compared to pre Elon. The app runs well and I actually like what the app suggests in terms of people to follow and the news it provides.,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1472,Titilayo Shokunbi,"January 14, 2023",This app is terrible like I just opened an account not up to a month and it was permanently suspended and I even tried submitting an appeal to recover the account it was not working at all. I am so annoyed at their service.😡,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1473,Alexandria,"December 22, 2022","To whoever is reading this , just know that the only thing you can really find on the app is either nsfw or people arguing whether there are 72 or 156 genders .The app itself is good tho it might run kinda slow at times but the overall performance is ok 👌🏻",6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1474,Rafael David Creazzola Alfonzo,"December 31, 2022",Very noticeable improvement in recent months. Twitter used to be just another social media platform. But nowadays its steadily getting better.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1475,Theee_ MC,"December 16, 2022",Grrrr I had to factory reset my phone and twitter will not load. Keeps saying it will be added for 2 days now. I have seen allot of spam people with hardly any followers. I just ignore them. I do like to talk to my friends though. I will log in on my PC tomorrow and see if that helps out load to my phone. 😮‍💨,5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1476,marksasoldier,"January 17, 2023",Mostly spam I don't care to be bothered with. While nice thats its free speech again. It really just becomes irritating and seemingly pointless.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1477,shaquille florent,"December 19, 2022",The app has become abysmal since Elon took over. Customer Support says the two factor authenticator is working but this is a straight lie. Hundreds of thousands of people have been locked out of thier accounts since November with many more forced to stay logged in until the matter is officially resolved. If your still looking to use this app. DO NOT tie your account to your phone number. The SMS does not work amd judging from Twitter support will just straight up lie about this.,9 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1478,E V,"December 22, 2022","App degraded over past couple months and is now slow, glitchy, and filled with vulgar/explicit spam in suggestions. Basic functions (like/retweet) often don't work in the app. Calls for violence & genocide come back as ""not a violation of the TOS"" when reported.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1479,Patrick Curry,"January 23, 2023","Wasn't bad until twitter forced me to see ""suggested"" tweets I absolutely don't care about. Let me go back to tweets in chronological order without having to swipe each time I open the app.",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1480,Jehad Husein,"January 5, 2023",The app is not fully capable of finding its contacts and also has some bugs. The app should be lightweight.,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1481,Elise Bauling,"December 14, 2022","I'm just happy to be on twitter and have freedom of speech and I know it is a bit difficult at times ( especially) our older generation to get it right, but with Elon at the helm i'm confident it will just improve with time. Rome hasn't been build in a day.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1482,Noreen,"January 7, 2023",I've forgotten my account password and then i tried to reset it i don't receive any code at all it was registered to my phone number!! it was the only account i have :< i wish you guys would do something about it i tried contacting the support team but no response at all i just want my account back since it's my very first one on tweet and it's been a week with no response and help 🙁💔,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1483,Marc Caffrey,"December 23, 2022",Keeps crashing when replying to a tweet or retweeting and app does not load properly. This has become an absolute shambles of an app and fix it NOW.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1484,Kevin M.,"January 23, 2023",Getting better and better. But Twitter Blue at $11 is not cool when it was said it was going to be $8. In my opinion it should be less than $8 for basic Blue and $8 for premium Blue.,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1485,Sheddy On The Beat,"January 2, 2023","The security features can be a bit of a hassle,but I love the new features. The insights, reach and lots more.",9 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1486,Bonginkosi Aaron (Buthelezi),"December 22, 2022",It's the best platform so far for me of all social media apps that I've ever used. Informative and update with all the news all around the world.,8 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1487,Hatem BenZakour,"January 8, 2023",The twitter experience over the last weeks has been so bad. There is a bug that makes twitter automatically refresh for some reason. And I have seen a lot of other reviews that complain over the same issue. Edit: now it is super slow in terms of loading comments. Fix your app twitter.,16 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1488,Stephanie Skidmore,"January 3, 2023","This app has always been pretty good until recently. Now, when I try to reply it doesn't let me and locks up my phone. I'm guessing the last update really messed it up. Not worth getting on now.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1489,soccerojdoj,"January 6, 2023",The app works well in every facet for Twitter. Showing how many tweets you have tweeted wasn't working but they fixed it--you must scroll down slightly on profile to get the # to appear briefly at the rop of the page. #MilestonesHaveValue,6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1490,Nick Buckmaster,"January 14, 2023","After issues with a third party app I tried the official app again, it's awful, my feed is filled with posts that I don't want to see l, sponsored posts, posts liked by others, etc. It's awful.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1491,Draknok,"January 14, 2023","Tried to add people from lists, it locked me out saying it was suspicious activity. Tried for 2 hours to get back, Twitter gave me the run around. Finally gave up.lost 56k followers. Thanks, of course can't get any help from Twitter.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1492,Beanzuwu,"January 2, 2023","Ever since musk bought this app the quality has gone down drastically, barely anything loads and it keeps crashing. Not to mention I'm constantly getting logged out and getting suspended and not getting a reason why",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1493,alex seiyefa,"December 15, 2022",Twitter app is great! keeps up with what's trending in any part of the world and good to go. I find it difficult to watch a livestream with this present version...don't know why.,5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1494,Chris Howlett,"January 22, 2023","The latest update has started making my tweets in For You rather than the more useful Following order. I can toggle to the more useful order, but can't see how to hide the For You list which just seems to be full of things I'm not interested in. Please fix",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1495,Neha Jadhav,"January 20, 2023",I have full internet connection and it still does not load pages not it connects server. Takes 100 years to send the tweet and load. Not even worth of giving 1 star now. This updates are useless. 😑,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1496,Abdullah Alqara,"January 20, 2023","The last update They were forbidden to enlarge the images to make them larger, and there are many malfunctions in downloading images and videos very slowly. Solve the problem",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1497,Eric Putnam,"December 23, 2022","Installed an update today, and now it doesn't open. Constant crashing. Update 12/23/2022: can't log in. I can log in easily at the website, but can't log into the app.",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1498,David Bender,"December 12, 2022","Fram a usability standpoint, Twitter's app and website are falling apart and becoming unusable. As far as content on the site, it is no longer safe for the general public or the functioning of a healthy society",5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1499,Leeann Utt,"January 4, 2023","Good to use to keep up with news, politics and culture. Pretty easy to use most of the time. There's still a few crazies on the platform but they make it interesting",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1500,Jim Plouff,"December 22, 2022","I was scrolling through my list of followers and accidentally unfollowed someone. When someone taps the follow button could you add a pop-up window that says ""are you sure you want to unfollow this person, yes or no""",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1501,1pikapein,"December 31, 2022",Keeps me up 2 date with some pretty dope people I follow. Obviously allows me 2 engage with them as well. Lot of weird App closures with no message though. Still great though!,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1502,Dave G,"December 26, 2022",It's poison. A real time waster. Needs an edit button and to be more open to free speech. 12-26-22 all issues fixed. 5 stars now.,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1503,Pete Stephens,"January 21, 2023","Why does it now default to 'For You' based upon an algorithm that's clearly wrong. I want to see tweets in chronological order from people I (that's right, 'I') choose to follow.",5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1504,Hembadoon Iornongu,"December 28, 2022",I can't seem to login to my account even with the right password and username. It keeps saying they will send a verification code and it's not forthcoming. Pls help,4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1505,itzz_me_ reddy_,"December 23, 2022",When I am trying to verify my twitter account I am getting this error message Something went wrong. You have exceeded the number of allowed attempts to verify your phone. Please try again later Kindly solve this issue as soon as possible..,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1506,Jordan Ross,"December 20, 2022",App has become super unstable to the point that trying to make a tweet with media is prone to crashing the app entirely. Definitely has gone downhill since Insecure Daddy was put in charge.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1507,Gayle Lawson,"January 5, 2023","Twitter is way more fun now & the spaces platform is awesome & I love the fact that now you can post pics gifs video & music all at the same time. I still wish you could edit posts because no one likes a typo & it would be awesome to have video capability for just the host, co-host, & pre designated speakers in spaces so they could use video or not if they wanted to do so. Other than that Twitter is on fire & I love it in here for the grown and sexy",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1508,Kevin Hoffmann,"January 2, 2023",I enjoy using Twitter to read people's opinions on trending topics and gather scientific data from credible experts with Masters or PhD degrees. The app is user friendly with good useable features and a good layout.,11 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1509,rin mochi,"December 24, 2022","I know people definitely gonna hate this now but what im going to say as a youngster myself, keep it up Mr Elon!! We're waiting for more exciting feature in the future ! It's okay to take a slow step, i know you have plan :) , Please i know it's hard for you to do it but , don't really listen to the empty headed peeps because they had no idea on how hard to handle such a big company not to mention it involves everything. Thank you ! 👊🏻💗",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1510,Jun Yue 2005,"January 14, 2023","""You Might Like"" is the most annoying thing ever in Twitter. I tried to turn off the ""recommendations"" but didn't work. Please remove this feature!!!!!",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1511,Brett Rhodes,"December 26, 2022",Best place for real time information on the planet. If you have an objective critical thought process and some time you might be able to sort through all the narratives and find some objective truth.,7 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1512,Big D In Little Tokyo,"December 28, 2022","They literally cannot be more dumb. ""Hey, if you cant log in to your account bc of 2fa, why dont you access your account and change the settings in 'settings?' Thank you for using twitter!""",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1513,william spence,"January 20, 2023",After the latest update almost all notifications are not showing up at all. Twitter was better the way it was you really don't have a clue what you are doing leave well alone,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1514,Mohammad Murtaza,"January 15, 2023",Well the app is mostly modified... The world is nicely connected to it engaging people is fairly easy through this and overall features are fantastically doing great,4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1515,Carissa Pavlica,"January 22, 2023","Without the ability to toggle to latest tweets, I'm seeing the same stuff in my timeline every time I open the app. FIX IT.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1516,J,"December 16, 2022",App was good until 2 days ago and has now started going totally unresponsive and freezing when trying to upload a photo or tweet requiring a full phone restart to unfreeze phone. Samsung S21 Ultra 5G 12GB RAM,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1517,Owen Beynon,"December 23, 2022",Thank you Mr Musk for having one large immovable ad at the top of my feed at all times. It makes for a great user experience. I'm out. Account mothballed.,54 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1518,Fenn Jurgeit,"January 10, 2023","idk how this app managed to get worse, y'all better clean up when musk is gone because this is a dumpster fire. hate speech is on the rise, the site is riddled with bots, there are view counts on tweets (terrible decision), everything keeps changing and if you don't suck up to daddy elon then you get shat on. it was okay before that troglodyte took control, get a grip and return the app to how it was before. jesus.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1519,Ta'Naija Fair,"December 23, 2022","Ever since Elon Musk took over, the app has been on a fast lane downhill. Things are constantly changing and they're all bad. No one is asking for these changes and if anything we're advocating against them.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1520,Kyrsten Crawford,"December 24, 2022","new updates suck, view count isn't even accurate. I have a private account with no followers and no following and it shows I have 12 views a few minutes after posting on it. Fact checker is annoying and fact checks every single little joke. Keeps unblocking promoted accounts.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1521,ディミトリ,"December 18, 2022",been waiting for the display customisation on mobile - how not only u can choose the dark mode to be dim or lights out but color theme can also be changed. u can do that in the website/pc but the app? im hoping this gets recognition,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1522,Victor Olusegun Oladosu,"December 20, 2022","Please I have problem opening the app after updating, it's saying that ""cannot send text to this number because it is not supported by the operator"" What does this mean and what's the next thing to do",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1523,Joorai Meh,"January 20, 2023","aside from the fact that this platform has locked my account for no apparent reason other than me being active on certain days tells you how much twitter has depreciated. now, after filing for the lifting of my locked account. i can't even log in to keep re-filing my appeals. fantastic twitter. what a way to kill the fun.",39 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1524,Greenplasma,"January 20, 2023","Some dipshit decided the default view when I open the app should be random posts from accounts I don't follow. Half of which aren't even in a language I can read. Just show me tweets, retweet, and likes from pages I follow.",216 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1525,Ruben Ojeda,"December 25, 2022","Bad experience, unable to cancel my subscription and sure seems tracking people without concent. Will wait for next Social Media.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1526,Thomas Driscoll,"January 24, 2023",Now useless. Now just this For You and Following if updated app. Latest Tweets are gone. Now only Algorithm suggested tweets in For You tab and random accounts you already follow under Following without consistent sort additionally still with ads and accounts you don't follow mixed in,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1527,Best buddy Manka,"December 28, 2022",New owner has made the platform horrible to look at. The GUI is an eyesore and the rules are even more obscure because of the owner's inconsistent policies. You can't even see what text you are highlighting anymore. Please hire some competent developers for Android devices!,7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1528,Aman Aswal,"January 22, 2023","Most useless app, evey time when watching a video it stuck and buffering starts, and my internet connection is good, it happen only with Twitter not in other apps",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1529,Monasir Mohangoo,"December 28, 2022","Hello, it has been 5 days I created a Twitter account. I was using the app after 10 minutes the app was asking me my number to send a verification code. When I put my number and press send code I'm not receiving any code. Can you help me please! Because I can't use the app.",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1530,J O,"January 17, 2023",Wish I could pin more than 5 lists. Also why do I still get retweets when I have turned them off for an organisation? This is why I went to a 3rd party app like Talon as the experience was more manageable.,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1531,Wim Lauryssen,"January 16, 2023",Since Twitter cut off 3rd party apps I'm forced to use this garbage again and it sucks as an app. People actually pay for this? Why doesn't my feed work properly? Why are notifications such a mess? Either fix this horrible app or bring back others.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1532,JAHZZY,"January 8, 2023","I cant even login or sign up recently! Contantly giving ""something went wrong"" errors and i tried EVERYTHING on the internet but NOTHING works. It sucks. Even one star is too much for this.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1533,Bart Dorsch,"January 20, 2023","They never should have killed off third party apps. This app is not user friendly, has very few options for customization and is full of racists.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1534,Elena ssi,"January 16, 2023","I have been shadowbanned so no one can search me, or see my threads, or even my replies. I've done nothing wrong, but I got this treatment from your app and now my anxiety is all time high. It's really unprofessional. All the while problematic profiles still exist and tweet freely. This is outrageous.",40 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1535,Olivia Lorway,"January 22, 2023",The new update made it where it wants to show me stuff I'm not following first. Than when I switch to following it doesn't load the most recent first anymore. Highly disappointed.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1536,adoye,"December 23, 2022","Elon musk stop adding useless features to date! I just need the feature to reply to messages and delete messages in DM. Don't add anything weird, thanks.",5 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1537,Patrick,"January 21, 2023","Twitter was decent until they added the ""for you"" algorithm feed to the homepage, and started defaulting the user to that every time they open the app. Nobody asked for this and nobody wants it",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1538,Bryan Mwangi,"December 27, 2022",My experience with this last update on Android 12 is awful. The app crashes whenever you're replying / originally tweeting which is too bad! Change or perish,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1539,Rozhan Abdul Rahim,"January 24, 2023","Stop forcing & feeding us with unnecessary news. I just want to see & read news/tweet that I follow not the one that ""you might interested"" & suddenly now there's ""for you"" section & everytime I open my Twitter that thing popup 1st i have to click on following tab just to see what I wanna see..",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1540,Melody Pepito,"January 24, 2023",There have so many problems with the new updates and day by day it's getting worse more. I can't create account because it stop I need to reopened again the app. This worst that I expected,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1541,Meilisa Aura Setiana,"December 12, 2022","please fix the bug, the system keeps on removing my likes from a tweet and it's bothering me because when I check my likes section I can't find the tweet even though I'm sure I click on the like button, I updated it and nothing's change pls do better",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1542,Rheana Bacchus,"January 12, 2023",I have had this app for 11/12 years. And I've never hated it more than I have in the last few months. Unnecessary updates and removals. Way to take this app to the grave,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1543,avi ardazi,"December 23, 2022",The ad at the top of the screen is horrible experience on top of all the bugs that you can't see interactions,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1544,sandra clement,"January 15, 2023","This is getting worse by the day, I can't view pictures and videos, can't refresh my page everything is just so buggy..... it's been fine until few months ago What's happening?",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1545,Gobind Vijay,"January 24, 2023",Something Is wrong with the recent updates. My phone keeps crashing and gets into crashdump mode while using the app.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1546,The Mayar,"January 9, 2023","It's been getting worse and worse recently, and many functions such as the notifications bar just don't work half the time.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1547,Robert Dall,"January 2, 2023","They put my account on permanent suspension after years of not using it without explaining why. Other then generic ""rules violation"". But no explanation of what rule or showing when or where. So I guess I don't need this app anymore.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1548,Cameron M.H.,"December 22, 2022","Judging purely by UI and performance, it's good. Bugs are decently common but easily to workaround.",8 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1549,Tony Kalil,"January 20, 2023","Got a notice to update today. I clicked on ""What's new"" to see what was changing and it was blank. Aight, you have nothing to share then i see no reason to update. 🤷‍♂️",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1550,Sergio Chaves,"January 21, 2023","It works as promised (mobile). Fast, stable, and a good source of reading for literary any topic.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1551,Abdul Steven Koroma,"December 20, 2022","I've been active on Twitter since 2020, and the experience is awesome. Very good app, just try to increase the text space.",6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1552,Raj Patel,"December 16, 2022",This app crashes constantly. I can't even like or retweets from the lastet post feed without going into the tweet itself and then do this. What is going on at the backend of this app?,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1553,Garry Bosworth,"December 13, 2022",Great app where all points of view are allowed for scrutiny and comment. A very welcome change from the drivel that is generally foisted upon an unsuspecting public by the normal media outlets. 👍,6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1554,Jahanzaib Durrani,"January 9, 2023","Not so much of ""Freedom of speech"" but it rather supports the propagandas which The USA and it's alys support. Lacks the machenism or whatever which helps in boosting the voice of the victims.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1555,Ronald Pearson,"January 2, 2023","It is a new Twiiter after all and improving everyday it appears to reflect the ever-seeking-improvements mind of an Engineer and Scientist, Mr. Elon Musk. Many thanks to him for instituting the infinite innovations process...it shall only get better day by day ad infinitum or until I am too old and feeble to pick up my phone! But hopefully, by that time, Mr. Musk will have created a neural implant so my age won't matter and I can continue to enjoy Twitter!",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1556,Dee Kilkelly,"January 8, 2023","So far so good on recent updates. Please let us edit posts after publishing, but include edit history or a notification.",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1557,Pulane Lebeko,"January 6, 2023",Lately it is hard to use especially when I try tweet. It freezes then crashes. I do not enjoy using it anymore.,0,1,twitter
1558,Tammy Kerwood,"January 19, 2023",Upgrading to a 5 star. The changes made to the platform. Air is lighter. Information has been given now I understand the complaints I made were for real reasons such as violated free speech banned too many accounts. Now is much better! Thank you.,6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1559,shailesh kumar,"December 19, 2022","Not able to link my phone number, when i enter any phone number it says please enter valid number. I can't believe twitter app can have this issue. No provision to contact customer care. Pathetic",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1560,Patrick Evans,"December 10, 2022",It adds more variety along with watching the news on TV because television news can get kind of boring and repetitive.,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1561,Jamaal Ryne,"December 18, 2022","This app is so entertaining. I am not republican or Democrat but being as most legacy media is left leaning, It is beyond ironic how upset the leftist get when they are experiencing the same censorship they have been dishing out for years now. They had effectively silenced all opposing views. They treat their subjective feelings like they're objective facts. I just want logic and reason to be the loudest voice. Read news from as many different sources as possible and then discern the truth.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1562,Edison Mills,"January 2, 2023","After certain recent events, app is basically unusable. Wanna retweet something? App crashes. Wanna reply to your buddy? App crashes. I hope this gets fixed soon.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1563,Zenn A.,"January 16, 2023","Day by day Twitter have these ugly features like 😒 annoying. I tried to not update frequently, but if I'm not doing it any soon, my app will buggy so much to the point I have to close/open every 15 seconds. F u el0n",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1564,Adam Trickett,"December 31, 2022",Seems more unstable than before. Not sure if the servers or the app is at fault. Timeline flooded with crud and irrelevant ads.,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1565,Chris Henry,"January 1, 2023",Way better since Elon took the helm. Content is varied and quite interesting. Navigating around is still a bit hit and miss.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1566,Kenneth Rukundo,"December 20, 2022",Since there is a limit to the number of people you can follow given certain conditions can you make it so we can bookmark people we want to follow so the app does it automatically when we meet the condition to follow more people and maybe allow video downloads otherwise great app 👍,7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1567,Sf,"December 29, 2022","My accs got logged out by itself, and the app stopped working. Then I had to reinstall and re-sign in, but now I can't even enter the app. What's wrong?",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1568,ProbablyYess,"January 15, 2023","Been using it since 2013. Since Elon Musk's purchase it has turned worse with functionalities getting worse, purchasable blue check marks being the dumbest idea, moderation that censors you if you make jokes about him (he literally changes the rules on the fly depending on what gets on his nerve next) all while the bot problem gets even WORSE. All my years using this app I have never seen this amount of bots inside my inbox or mentions when you write specific things like crypto, NFT, commissions",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1569,James A. Graham 3rd,"December 25, 2022",I have 2 accounts an I linked them together an sent myself a sentual pic my eyes only I'm almost 50yrs old never showed it to anyone. This can all be checked out an truthful about everything it was there couple months an I had forgotten it was there an I got both accounts banned. I don't know why. No one in the world can see what I sent myself when people post porn and the whole world can see it an no one says anything 🤷 not sure how to get my account back,4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1570,Stephan B.,"January 25, 2023","App now stubbornly insists on showing ""for you"" channels instead of the ones you actually want to see. As if they WANT to give you more reasons to go to Mastodon instead!",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1571,GaryB,"December 14, 2022","Profanity seems to have stopped. It used to be common, especially if I posted a response at ""Occupy Democrats"" postings. I'm new to Twitter and I'm learning. Made my first purchase from the ad's",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1572,Fredias 26,"January 13, 2023","Why I can't sign in to open new account. I put my name, email id and birth date. Why not getting verification number? Tweeter is that much hard to open new account? I need the reply y I cant open new account? So poor app I experience",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1573,Michael Barfield,"December 31, 2022",Interesting gagle. Never was there a place online with so many weird or bombastic characters. It's a bit like a drunken circus that way. Good for a laugh.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1574,Mike Dewhurst,"January 25, 2023",Got a new phone. Doesn't recognise username or email that is associated with account. Tried multiple times. Still won't recognise details. Yet was on it 2 days ago. Fix issue,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1575,Mama J,"December 13, 2022",Excellent town hall space for all people! The thought variety is educational and enlightening. Easy to use and lots to explore. Thank you! Great job cleaning house!,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1576,DREW GRIFF,"December 24, 2022","Easy to use, Interesting people and alot of intrigue 😊 .... Also get a better picture of what's happening out there without having to rely on MSM bias and half truths 😊👍",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1577,Elia Demayo,"December 24, 2022",I can't use Twitter for actually tweeting now. The app would hang after I get a word in and it just won't respond anymore and the home feed hangs as well. I had to use a web browser just to tweet.,4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1578,dr.abid desai,"December 21, 2022","Unable to get authentication code to registered phone number two factor identification activated, unable to log in twitter .Correct your system so that authentication code is generated for log in.Losr my access to my account very disturbing to my peace.Error message getting unable to send message operator in your country not supported. Please stop this harassment torture give my account access back to login",13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1579,L E,"January 21, 2023","Awful update. Just put things in chronological order by default, please. It's not that difficult of an ask. Or at least give us the option.",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1580,Joshua G.,"December 12, 2022","Don't bother joining Twitter it is not free speech platform, it's not and usually I didn't get into a lot of trouble other than a few time outs, but nothing more severe than a permanent suspension supposedly a hateful conduct and filing multiple appeals and no responses. Twitter should just die off!",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1581,Scott Woods,"January 20, 2023",The new update is extremely useless. Having a for you feed and following feed is pointless. Thinking it's about time to delete my account and the app.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1582,andy pandy,"December 20, 2022","Great app, lot of useful information, news and videos. lots of friendly bots added me, now I have friends but I don't click any links they advert.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1583,Don North,"December 21, 2022","Terrible experience, doesn't load new contant and keeps reloading the same old shut no matter how much I scroll through my feed, it just restarts at the top",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1584,oppositesleeper,"January 16, 2023","Twitter was never great but now it's total trash. 95% of it is promo ""we think you'll like"" suggested stuff. It's impossible to see people you actually follow so at this point there's no point left to Twitter.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1585,Snowy Blizzard,"December 24, 2022",Awesome but could use a little work still would be cool if you could search up anything on messages without scrolling through all your messages so maybe they could add that feature ^^,35 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1586,steven tucker,"January 9, 2023",Ever since Eli Musk took over Twitter every single week is a new update like what the hell I love this app until he took over but it seems like every single week is something new and it don't even be nothing new on the app it's the same old thing tired I'm running out of space in my phone because I keep updating this,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1587,Little Lady,"January 18, 2023","The new updates are utter trash, it's an eyesore. Persistent notifications even when cleared.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1588,Mur,"January 5, 2023","i can not login to my account because i do not receive verification code via text message! please fix it ASAP. after recent update, now i can login to my account. thank you 👏👍",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1589,Dextor Mmifinyana,"December 24, 2022","It has so much useful information and many incredible people, especially for those who want particular content as well as general global trends and thoughts. It's both social and professional when you want it to be 💯",33 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1590,Jeff Banks,"December 23, 2022","So I forgot my password and I have 2fa on. I reset my password and now the app is saying ""they cant send the code to my phone number because the operator is not supported"". If this is how twitter security is then I'm sorry you guys have failed. So now I dont have access to my account and I dont know when I'm going to get access because they dont even have support that can help you.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1591,Cecillia W. Ariela Putri,"December 19, 2022","It goes more worse than ever! I can't even change my display picture, and also it stopped working everytime I try to send tweet!",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1592,Aeon Truth,"January 12, 2023",I got asked to leave feedback on this app? Been using it for years and it never asked till now... AFTER getting worse and worse with each passing week. Every new change makes it worse.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1593,Anthony Leka,"December 26, 2022",Twitter gives a better experience to users who are interested inany broad topics and is made available to them.it also is a very useful platform to than all other platforms that I know of.it offers a wonderful experience of information and discovery👍,7 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1594,ikwuagwu kalu,"January 13, 2023",Great. Twitter is a great application that connects me with friends and very interactive. The latest innovations are very interesting.,9 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1595,Nnamdi Ejiofor,"December 21, 2022","Amazing, but could be better. Sometimes, when I navigate back and forth, it takes me back to the start. That's quite cumbersome if I've read the tweet before",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1596,nadine raissa,"January 4, 2023","why is my dm can't work properly? the bubble text is not showing. and when i want to switch my account to another one, the profile is also not showing.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1597,PCP Opau,"December 27, 2022","Got an bad issue, verifying phone number is not sending always unavailable this time. So how can i verify my account now? Also my brother got that issue now he cannot used her twitter app. Very disapointed😩 now this is a useless app anymore",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1598,Alex Strange,"January 21, 2023","The app has become much worse these past months. The new homepage is atrocious, the loading for new tweets is long and clunky. All the finesse and sleekness of the app has gone, completely ruined since the takeover",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1599,Mark Wiggin,"December 12, 2022",It's getting better. Want to see these polls elon has been doing to make decisions more. theres really something there to help people see where they stand and help better understand people position. Excited about the future and recommend it to everyone wanting to fine the truth,7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1600,Nwabueze Ajuzieogu,"December 25, 2022",This new update hangs at intervals. Revert to the former update Elon!! Please who did this update. First time twitter hangs occasionally on my phone. They did a bad job Elon. Fix this!!,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1601,Ryan Guthrie,"January 20, 2023","Application is turning into garbage. Lots of bugs in the timeline, inconsistent behaviors.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1602,Raviteja Sunkari,"December 19, 2022",Unable to login after changing my password. Worst application. Also not receiving the codes to the mobile number linked to my account. Nobody from customer service team is responding to my query.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1603,Kartik Ramvani,"December 15, 2022",This a worst app ever. I face many glitches when using this app.. My twitter id automatically locked .and if i try to open my account my by verifying my phone number. It shows unsupported. 👈,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1604,Joanna Malsbury,"January 12, 2023","The app won't let me see people's replies to my tweets. That defeats the purpose of the site, no? *Facepalm* Never had any issues with the app until it changed ownership into the hands of a selfish narcissist, who fired the developers. Bring them back so the app actually works.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1605,Gary Watkins,"January 21, 2023","I pay for total protection, yet the VPN, identity protection and the personal data clean up will not work. Not happy. May go back to Norton.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1606,GAMEZIMULATOR. GameZimulatoR,"January 6, 2023","There is errors saying I can't add in anymore save hashtags. Saving hashtags used to work few months ago now currently starting notice it ain't working any longer. Please fix that , If so, big thanks.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1607,• “‪RadHaxFox‬” •,"January 9, 2023","Constantly keeps resetting back up to where you've already been while scrolling down the feed, you literally see the same posts again and again due to the fact.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1608,Alex Tal,"December 21, 2022","It was fine until recently, just needed an edit button, but now i cant read some peoples dms, the check marks have no meaning. Its just gone down the drain.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1609,John Hilla,"December 10, 2022","Out of all my apps, Twitter has remained rock solid in Performance and stability both in app form and we app. Continue to innovate.",6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1610,Lola Turrietta,"December 27, 2022","Never had an issue until 2 weeks ago. Now I am getting logged out and it will not let me log in. Sometimes it will work Sometimes not Fix the app, it wasn't broke before",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1611,MABZ KHAN,"January 11, 2023","Just need to sort the ""go back"" button as when u press back it exits twitter. Perhaps a message icon to come up saying ""do u want to exit"" should appear. Easiest update and coding.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1612,G. D. C.,"January 12, 2023","FIX YOUR SUSPENSION AND APPEAL SYSTEM. It's such an inconvenience to be falsely suspended and even more so, when support arrives so late to fix everything. A company of this size should not be making a service that can't even provide satisfactory help, when users most need it urgently, it's embarassing.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1613,Suzanne Bernert,"January 9, 2023","On Twitter for a long time, but it's been crashing constantly since last few days...keep on checking if there is an update... 😔",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1614,S Karthik,"January 25, 2023",What do you mean permanently suspended for no reason??? I just installed Twitter within a matter of minutes and got this message. This app is PURE TRASH !!! Don't install this . Uninstalled and will switch to instagram .,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1615,Kim Yeonya,"December 23, 2022","My fav app, can spend all day here. But pls add the edit botton it's so hard when you make a mistake but you have to delete and upload everything again!!",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1616,Niki K.,"January 7, 2023","Last updates broke video replay, translation option no longer works properly and the whole thing looks cluttered with the tweet views added in.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1617,Ignaciow FerGar,"December 26, 2022","I am lost for words. But since your last update, I am noonger able to write threads. Every time I write something and add a new twit, it just shows the very first one thus deleting the others.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1618,Richard Cluff,"December 20, 2022","Since Musk took over: Twice as many many ads, 3 times as many bots. No moderation. This is a literal hate site now. Uninstalled after over a decade.",16 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1619,G G,"December 24, 2022",Nothing works as it's supposed to. Loading threads slow. Sending msgs slow. Constantly says I have no internet connection for 4 out of 5 searches of my DMs except I definitely do have a connection.,35 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1620,Tammy Gray,"January 24, 2023","Unable to customize feed to view followers in chronological order. Why should you have to ""attempt"" to search for ""current"" tweets? Bring back the 3rd party apps!",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1621,Sanjiv Kumar,"December 20, 2022",Experiencing problems in logging in at the step of 2 step verification is shows error that operator not supported. i am using the same phone number for almost 4 years with twitter.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1622,Andrew P.,"January 8, 2023","Recent updates aren't great. Seems to be showing the same post several times (with ""received new replies"" even though it's just the author responding to their own posts). Far too many Tesla posts even though I've ""unfollowed"" the Tesla ""topic"" several times.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1623,Aaron Mills,"January 16, 2023","I have been a twitter user for many years. Sadly, that has changed due to the mishandling of the man-child in charge. The latest move to force people onto this app is to shut down third party access - a dumb move. He is free to do what he wants, and make idiots believe it's to do with free speech - it isn't, and if you believe that, well... I'm sure you can buy a bridge somewhere. I'm also free to do what I want - and that is to vote with my feet. And I'm doing so. Adiós.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1624,Chilly Out,"December 16, 2022","This app used to be really good and fully functional.Now its a mess. 12-16-22 still same. If improvements break things then they aren't improvements. Timeline can't retweet or like,Can only reply from.Tap to view tweet reply retweet,like works.🙄😒",236 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1625,Aiman Shakeel,"January 17, 2023",This app is getting worst every passing day. Back to back glitches. One issue after the other. And they just don't get resolved. I hate this app rn.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1626,Epcita Shukla,"December 19, 2022","Unable to log into my account. It's again and again showing the error ""we cannot send the text msg to this phone because the operator is not supported""",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1627,Farh,"January 17, 2023","Stop making stupid, useless features to promote your users. We follow what we like, we do NOT want suggestions from you. This app is becoming so much worse now, what happened to the old twitter? I feel like this app deserve to stop running with all the useless new update features.",44 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1628,Sara Black,"January 21, 2023","Rubbish update stops me from seeing the tweets from people I have chosen to follow in the order that they are posted. Instead, everything is presented in random order with loads of irrelevant posts from people I don't follow clogging up the time line and constant demands from Twitter to praise it for its stupid selection. I hope whoever was involved in this poor update spends their life treading on lego",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1629,Ian Rice,"January 3, 2023","Have had legitimately nothing but issues since the muskrat took over. Even more pictures and videos failing to load, messages just not sending, etc. It's ridiculous. Fire him.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1630,Rebecca Fernandez,"December 25, 2022",I like the new clarity. I quit using Twitter before Mr. Musk took control as I found it unreliable and biased. I am back. Freedom of speech is very important to me.,4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1631,Mugisha Benjamin,"January 9, 2023",The timeliness automatically updates itself while still reading tweets. The app first freezes when I begin to compose a tweet.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1632,Katie Campbell,"January 22, 2023",Great entertainment and info you can further follow down the rabbit hole. If there's something you don't like...pls keep scrolling.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1633,Sonday Viktor,"January 5, 2023","The app is not good they block my account, what is the need of creating the app when you can not chat with others people that are not from your country you restrict them and you still disable the account so improve let everyone one interact with each other",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1634,3lolek Master,"January 20, 2023","Seems after 2 or 3 times the app remembered that I don't want to see the 'for you' page, i still think the new bar on top is too conspicuous and not pretty, however i shall fix the review to 3 stars",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1635,Katrina Chamberlain,"December 13, 2022","Terrible, biased, freedom hating. *Edit 12/12/22: much better!! I now get recommendations for people I'm actually interested in and not celebrities or people who paid to be at the top. Thank you, Elon for fixing so many problems! Patriots thank you for bringing freedom of speech back!",7 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1636,Vera Lost,"January 6, 2023",Your support email is blocked or something I cant get help with my direct message problem. I cant see anything on one of my dm but I still recieve notification about recieving messages. Please help me. If you help I'll give 5 stars.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1637,Anthony Stratton,"January 21, 2023","The fact I can't do something as simple as change the email to my account because of ""network issues"" when my internet is not that bad. Retried atleast 10 times and nothing",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1638,Wiktoria Jakubowska,"December 30, 2022",I sometimes experience some issues with the app bugging. Mainly when it comes to DMs I'm unable to scroll up and read the chat but other than that the app is working great.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1639,ABDuLLAH KHAN,"December 26, 2022",App is crashing very often for last few days. Sometime it keep asking to provide login details even after providing credentials. Please fix it and don't ruin my twitter experience,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1640,Fahad Usman,"December 26, 2022",Twitter so far is my best social media app but recently the problem I have with the application is that I can't refresh my timeline and it has been happening for the past five days I even tried reinstalling it but all in vain.,35 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1641,Kit,"December 26, 2022",Still awful. Crashes daily. 0/5⭐ The update still crashes my phone (full reboot). Post interaction has all but disappeared. Deleting this app.,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1642,Nydia Razak,"January 2, 2023","I can even open an account, and it took the app ages to process the the account and still, nothing. Though, the fanart of my favorite show there is good",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1643,Auraboros Mediation,"January 12, 2023","Ironically useful for everything but social media. There's a character limit here, so can't really explain. I will probably download it again.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1644,bruce dubuque,"December 18, 2022","Twitter still needs a lot of work done IMHO. They need to do more than just clean out the closet, it needs to be organized better. Especially the programming.",10 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1645,ZeeShan,"December 10, 2022",Bugs as usual whenever I send a tweet it gets stuck.....taking time and have to send it again and again because of unknown failures.,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1646,Osha,"December 23, 2022",Elon's decisions are making the browsing experience worse by the day and it's honestly impressive because the app wasn't exactly good in the first place.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1647,Stephen Forbes,"January 15, 2023",Twitter is great! I just started using it and have found the discussions entertaining and a good reminder of what a dismal failure the school system has been in educating people.,4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1648,V Sharma,"December 23, 2022",My account got temporary restrictions without knowing me But i didn't wrote anything or tweet something weird Now I'm not able to find my account Also i forgot the password and when I'm trying to recover my password through mobile number it's saying i this number has already multiple accounts!!!!! .. No email added with that account.... What should i do now? 😏,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1649,Zafar Sial,"December 16, 2022",Sometimes it hangs will space is ended. Add up voice message option in Pakistan. As well as it sometimes hangs alot.,6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1650,Bright Wang Livingstone,"December 28, 2022","Recommendable... Great App... Twitter should minimize the blocking of accounts and restrictions, it's excess. Apart from that Twitter is cool!! Keep on upgrading Twitter.🤝",26 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1651,Michael McClain,"December 23, 2022",Love it it's getting better but it still recycling the same post. I wish it would show me different post the more I scrolled instead of just showing me the same thing over.,5 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1652,Walking Butter Domo,"January 20, 2023","Doesn't let me see the latest tweets. I do not want to see posts from 3 or so days ago, I want everything in chronological order. Pure garbage.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1653,robert graber,"January 7, 2023","Never having used Twitter before due to all of the contraversy, I have become used to the format of Facebook. Saying that, I feel there is too many things to scroll thru on my feed.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1654,SENA,"December 21, 2022",Not able to login again getting error message likewe can't send a text message for this number twitter. No phone numbers are blocked even though I am getting messageeven though I am getting message like this,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1655,Selene Hell Girl,"December 18, 2022","i hate the new update! it's terrible! the app keep glitching, the translator doesn't work anymore... please, fix it asap maybe i just should delete my acc twitter issues are so annoying im so tired 😫",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1656,Mike Riley,"January 16, 2023",Some very interesting content.. Just started a few weeks ago.. still trying to learn how to navigate in it.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1657,A Google user,"January 5, 2023","Can't watch videos, image freezes up and the audio keeps going. Doesn't load. Terrible",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1658,Arshad Alam,"December 30, 2022",Excellent platform! To express and exchange ideas. Anyone can easily convey their ideas and thoughts to those which are not easy to approach.....,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1659,Mike Olson,"January 11, 2023","Years ago, this was just an app, now with the new owner, it has become fun, enjoyable and contains real informational content, too bad others missed out on the ""real"" news prior",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1660,Thomas Stanko,"January 11, 2023",I like that Elon Musk is in charge and has brought back free speech. I quit using this app for awhile. I think it's better than facebook now with their app blocking what others think because of political issues that they don't believe in.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1661,Tomas Neme,"December 19, 2022","Ever since mid November small issues started to get worse. As of Dec 19 2022 I simply can't tweet anymore, the app will just freeze and I've got to close and restart it",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1662,yasmin azlan,"December 20, 2022",Have some trouble to log in into my account. I once log out because of the bug but then couldn't log in back. Already report to the twitter support but no further action received,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1663,Khirod Raval,"January 16, 2023","Only using data but not open in this vivo mobile. Third time by Google play downloaded. Just froud by play store, twitter, android or simcard company they using my data & betory of mobile. It's 5th time downloaded app. to try open. This is 6th time app. Downloded but not opened.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1664,Devin Turner,"December 20, 2022","Only complaint about the app itself is that the infinite scroll has a tendency to ""bottom out"" prematurely, failing to load more tweets or replies when I know there's more to see.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1665,Ariel Kim Molina,"January 2, 2023",Why this app sometimes cannot open when I connect to the wifi? But when i used data it will open why? And also the problem i cannot make a comment. Its hang.,3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1666,Emiliana G,"January 7, 2023","Ever since the recent update the app constantly crashes and I cant post. Im scared to uninstall and reinstall because im nervous when logging back into my accounts twitter will think its sus and lock me out, happened before :/",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1667,vicki. tenforty,"January 15, 2023","I am a novice to the app. I signed up shortly before they started ""canceling "" posts that didn't fit the ""woke"" agenda. Always thought we had free speech in America. Free speech is NOT just for the wealthy who use their money & power to alter election outcomes. I stopped Twitter when they canceled President Trump to voice my disapproval. Didn't know the extent of Twitter manipulation until @elonmusk bought Twitter. I like the quick updates and the ability to see both sides.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1668,James Yau,"January 20, 2023","Every time I open the app, it goes to the For You feed, there's no way to set Following as default, you have to swipe every time.",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1669,David C P,"January 3, 2023","Login bugs. After some minutes login token expire and doesn't login, it asks you to login manually. You need to close the app several times before app automatically log in.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1670,Charlotte Marshall,"December 20, 2022",Changes are made with no official notifications at a whim. And then backtracked within a week. No longer a stable or trustworthy app.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1671,Steve Watson,"January 21, 2023","Last update now defaults to ""for you"" which is basically ads. I don't want to see your ""suggestions"" or what others follow.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1672,Manthan Raichura,"December 23, 2022",Just remove tweet views or give option to not see it. Its now more uncomfortable to click on comment/like as it moved the position. And I feel my screen is too much occupied with this useless info.😤,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1673,Muhammad Ishfaq,"December 18, 2022",Twitter is a useless app in all Play store. Because the two step verification code isn't send now. That's why I don't open my Twitter account. Please someone help me!,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1674,Justleh Niel Arcillas,"January 3, 2023",Just a suggestion but is there a way in the twitter android app then the profile menu where we could long click the username and it would automatically get copied. Thanks,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1675,Jonno Gibb,"January 11, 2023","Has started crashing when I try to post a tweet, tried to uninstall and reinstall it and now I can't even minimise it without it crashing.",12 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1676,Bryan Lalande,"January 11, 2023",Twitter crashes too much. Everything is up to date. Nothing wrong with my android phone. Developers need to find out why this is happening.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1677,Mahipal Shekhawat,"December 30, 2022",Playing video on Twitter is headache it is always buffering even though the connection is good. Do something about it it's always lagging.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1678,Paul Stalter-Pace,"January 11, 2023","Some decent content on there but they are making it harder and harder to find, and constantly making the environment more toxic and the interface worse",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1679,Barry Salter,"January 14, 2023","Latest update makes it impossible to see most recent Tweets, showing ""procured"" (read: paid for) ones instead. This is totally reprehensible behaviour.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1680,RoachyB,"December 28, 2022",I love the new and improved Twitter. My only knock for now as with any social media is the verification process. Otherwise it's so much better.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1681,MadhavRaj Gaglani,"January 24, 2023","Not working after i updated the application it keeps on showing the same message ""Oops something went wrong"" and if i try to refresh than it flashes the message ""Cannot retrieve Tweets at this time please try again later""",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1682,carlo,"January 20, 2023","PLEASE for the love of all things precious... GET RID OF THE ""FOR YOU"" TAB. this app has become POINTLESS if im not getting people i follow on my feed AND THATS IT. i dont want to see tweets from random people i have ZERO interest in. I follow people to see their stuff... why the extra garbage that this stupid app ""thinks"" id like? Awful. I think its about time i quit.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1683,Denise M. Faraday,"January 21, 2023","Ever since Elon took over, the app has gone downhill. All I want is to get a verification code to log back into the app. Its been several days & no adequate response from support has occurred yet. The developer's email attached to this app's listing on GP no longer works, so dont bother trying to contact them via that route. All the good folks either fired or resigned after Elon took over & only his brain dead lackey monkeys work there. Until he's fired as CEO, nothing will change.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1684,Ratral fiofanov,"December 16, 2022","Cannot login because of the stupid out of nowhere ""We cannot send a text message to this phone number"" error... This is the most basic functionality, theres literally no excuse for this stupid error...",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1685,Sky Tripp-Schaefer,"January 6, 2023",The Twitter farm hate bots are back.. Nazi lovers are back.. and a whole lot of people have left.. I'm always really close to leaving myself. However it's essential for my job to find out quick and easy ROAD CONDITIONS.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1686,Reb Rys,"December 12, 2022","I can't register my number. It says either check your connection or invalid number, but my location is set correctly and the number I input is correct as well. This is stupid.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1687,Wnliam,"December 22, 2022",Very terrible and horrible.. My account has been restricted for many days now and they told me to verify my phone number.. Every time I fill it in Twitter keeps telling me unsupported phone number yet my contact is valid and written properly.. I really hate this about Twitter,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1688,sena y.,"January 15, 2023","Videos are no longer playing for me. I tried cleaning cache and data, restarted my phone, and re-installed the app but nothing solved the problem.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1689,Storm,"January 20, 2023",CHANGE THE HOME PAGE BACK! It's genuinely horrid now. It resets every time I close the app. It was so much better before. Everything was better before the stupid billionaire took over,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1690,Roo Hochrein,"December 15, 2022","Good social media app. Would be nice if tweets could be a little longer, but it'll do. The open dialogue among other people is great.",9 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1691,Volf,"January 21, 2023","Buggy mess. Unwanted ""features"" like view count and that awful ""For you"" tab which is forced. Give us the choice at least if we want it or not.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1692,Jennifer Scott,"January 17, 2023","Android App Keeps Crashing: This problem just started, I cleared cache, force stopped, reinstalled app. Still crashing.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1693,Nabulya Fatuma,"January 3, 2023",I have tried to create an account but this app keeps on telling me that I chose a dice with the same icon and when I chose them it says that I am wrong while bringing me things I haven't picked at all please fix this problem for me,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1694,Johnna (Shifty),"December 19, 2022","I used to love using the app. It was the one place I could vent w/o anyone knowing I had one. As of the past 10 hour's, I cannot post nor reply to anything and I want answers. Otherwise, I'd give it a 5 star rating.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1695,Shavesh.,"December 26, 2022","Twittee is censoring country from getting twitter blue ,thought Elon made it to all ,Need more less space to download Great app,but also no blue tick verification authentication process in South Africa ,twitter is Great app only problem it verification authentication Twitter Blue tick thanks",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1696,Frank Uchehara,"December 29, 2022","The features and performance of the App is satisfactory. However, you need to improve on the reply to tweets, as the process to replying a tweet is too lengthy",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1697,NIGHTMAREGuyPJ,"January 22, 2023",Good app. Some ads are weird (Not the game ones) and some of twitter rules that Elon musk may enforce are whack. I look forward to some quality of life improvements.,34 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1698,Rudy Lugo,"December 15, 2022","Ever since Elon bought Twitter, it's become so much better to use. It's more transparent and they weeded out the fake bots, which have now overtaken Instagram with tons of fake accounts.",10 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1699,Laura Christopherson,"January 20, 2023","Missing latest timeline. I refresh and I get a bunch of tweets...some hours ago, some days ago. I want to see what is being tweeted now. Frustrating...☹️",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1700,Chuck Riehm,"December 16, 2022",The premise is silly and childish. It requires only the emotional level of a hungry 2 year-old venting with the other 2 year-olds at mommy and daddy.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1701,Simon Morton,"December 24, 2022","Does the job very well Apart from some odd times, it either freezes or stops, although In the main, it's very efficient and great for sharing with my friends",14 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1702,Chitra Prabhu,"December 25, 2022",DM's not loading properly. What is the issue? Also the ads showing up every second on the TL and makes it unusable. Please look into it,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1703,Matlhogonolo Mogapi,"January 3, 2023","Haven't been able to see DMS for a couple of days now, did a android software install on the 25th and 30th not sure twitter is not compatible with new updates. I have no outstanding Twitter app updates.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1704,C Reds,"January 2, 2023","Images need to be scaled down, they look daft and take up the whole screen when in landscape mode",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1705,Shelly Niles,"December 28, 2022",This app sucks. It doesn't let you choose much of your profile setup before switching to another page. I think my account is very hacked!,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1706,Elie Ziade,"December 18, 2022",Nice app but still waiting for a reply from twitter to get a log in verification code or a text verification code espescially that I haven't or I forget the back up code . Hopefully soon I will get this message to log in to twitter again .,8 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1707,E Ri Ca,"January 21, 2023","I hate the new updated version, I hate the recommendations about other stuff I dont even follows. The ads are annoying.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1708,Kady Yamane,"December 16, 2022",I am unable to interact with any of the tweets on my tl. I have to open the tweet to interact with it. This is only on the app for Android.,13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1709,Andrés Lacruz,"December 23, 2022",The app works fine. Please add the ability to copy images to the clipboard as in the iOS version.,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1710,silenjoker 45,"December 20, 2022","What up with the direct message trying to search for an old message and it say ""no internet connect"" and can't find the key word. Never have i had this problem fix it",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1711,Kiran Raichura,"December 21, 2022",No idea what they've done in theblatest update but the app keeps crashing when I try to reply to tweets. New update needed to fix the bugging please!,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1712,Jason Neu,"December 30, 2022","Since Elon took over, it's actually usable. Great weaponized distraction. Wish to see better ads. @rifemachine guy.....hope to see some tic tok like feature and more creator content. Can we please get a algorithm that detects similar or identical accounts for parroting political messages. Bots should be illegal",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1713,Biljana Iljievski,"December 26, 2022","Algorithm doesn't show people I follow, instead I see some random accounts. Tweets fail to send without warning. Just noticed a bunch of tweets and replies saved in drafts...",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1714,Bruno Santos,"January 20, 2023","This last version that forces me into the Home instead of latest is super annoying! Just let me enjoy tweets in the Latest format, I don't want the Home page.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1715,Jerry Gee,"December 16, 2022","Generally good, but annoying that you can only add small number of characters to post. Could number of characters be increased a little?",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1716,Curtis Carey,"January 15, 2023","Never had a Twitter before this month. Seems now you can get a variety of real information and opinions on the platform. We will see how it goes, seems solid so far.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1717,shane mansell,"January 24, 2023","Much improved over the last several months, operationally and administratively. Hope Twitter can really get us to responsible, objective, freedom-loving journalism.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1718,Luna Core,"January 22, 2023","I hate these new updates, the for you and the following tab are too big, and 40 percent of my screen is gone. Stick to the original, stop trying to be TikTok.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1719,Chris Turek,"January 20, 2023","Cannot set ""following"" as default. This review will remain 1 star until I'm given back the option to set ""following"" as my default home screen.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1720,Lee Pemberton,"December 22, 2022",The view count is both hideous and awful for my mental health. Every single one of my friends say the same thing. It genuinely might make me quit Twitter.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1721,Hafiz S.,"January 1, 2023",It keeps crashing lately. I already reinstall but the same thing happened. I also restarted my phone but nothing changed. I have no idea why.,53 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1722,Bhanudas Kinare,"December 31, 2022","Seamless navigation, up to the point,no nuisance of external, unrelated information etc. easy to use..",3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1723,Jason Morgan,"February 6, 2023",No wonder they banned third party apps - this one is a hot garbage fire. And please tell me why it's necessary to constantly notify me that there are new tweets above? I know. It's Twitter. There are ALWAYS new tweets ffs.,21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1724,Doug C,"February 11, 2023","Garbage 🗑. Everytime I try to login, it sends me my txt code and then it gets stuck in a login loop. Trash app for a trash business.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1725,Shayra Delgado,"January 16, 2023","Horrible UI design, Twitter Blue was an awful idea. Algorithm is all messed up now getting suggested topics that are obviously not for me. After being bought, Twitter definitely tanked and does not care about its true consumers or what they liked about Twitter originally.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1726,jennie,"January 27, 2023",Made a mistake moving the views from people next to the like button. Maybe it would a great idea to move it under the caption of the post instead?,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1727,Shiori Hara,"January 31, 2023","If you're looking for a way to stay up-to-date on all the latest social media happenings, look no further than Twitterfeed! This app allows you to easily follow all the latest trends and news from all around the web, making it the perfect tool for keeping up with your friends and the wider world. Plus, with the ability to retweet, chime in on threads, and go viral, Twitterfeed has everything you need to take your social media game up a notch.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1728,Xue Susu,"January 17, 2023","Always error everytime, everyone didn't see what I tweet it like my account was invisible fix this problem as soon as possible and My follower keep lost it because of your error bad app really disappointed",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1729,Dennis Whaley,"December 20, 2022","Twitter seems to be going mainstream under new management and the redesign is bullocks. Lose a star. Oh yeah also, none of my tweets send. I use the website more than the app now. Total bs",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1730,Mr Joshua,"January 23, 2023","Glitchy! Keeps crashing, likes not showing, all sorts of issues. Disappointing 🙁",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1731,terminator 25425,"January 23, 2023",New layout is awful to use. I don't want to see topics that I can't turn off. I don't want to see what everyone I follow likes. Go back to the old layout it worked.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1732,Stephen Kobus,"December 18, 2022","After the most recent Google security update, it keeps freezing on me whenever I try to add a tweet. Threads are aggrevatingly difficult to do.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1733,Egonu James,"January 2, 2023","Twitter takes time to send verification code you need to work on that, if you have your Authentication on your account it takes them time to send sms code, sometimes they won't even send at all very unfortunate.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1734,F G,"December 4, 2022","Elon, please add an option to set a refresh rate (5 min, 10min, 1 hour etc) as well as making sure that once the refresh happens, you see tweets in chronological order from oldest to newest so that you can follow convos, etc... As they happened. Thanks so much",21 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1735,Mickey Praman Kwarteng,"February 19, 2023","Allow edit button and bring back fleets. Worst of it all, twitter keeps stopping, freezing and unresponding.",19 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1736,Mike Hale,"January 22, 2023",So much better since Elon took over and getting better every day... Not perfect but so much better. I had deleted my account a long time ago. Just came back after Elon.,3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1737,Umar Farooq,"February 6, 2023",Tutor is a good thing millions of students are improving their education with this very unique thing with all the news papers of the world. I like the tutor,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1738,Cherie,"December 16, 2022",i cant like tweets on timeline!!! it just doesn't work! i also lost the option to create spaces (now i can only tweet) does any1 else have this issue too,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1739,Marvino,"January 30, 2023",Twitter is literally the best app out there except for the fact that it's too strict and they ban/ lock accounts too often. They should fix up and be less strict so we can enjoy the app better.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1740,Monisha Khatoon,"December 23, 2022","The app was better before all the unwanted updates It's almost been 2 weeks I'm not able to login my account on the app ,I'm not getting my 2FA code, whenever I try it says operater not supported, twitter support is of no help At least give us an answer",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1741,Natalie Rampling,"January 14, 2023",Completely unusable now. I use it for book reviewing and following authors. I go on one profile and it crashes. Awful app.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1742,Subodh Jha,"January 30, 2023",Nice app..However the guidelines to express through the apo should be more clearly outlined..and not that suddenly you find it is blocked..give cautionary indication if some expressions are crossing your limits..,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1743,Dicey Virtuoso,"January 21, 2023","Editing my old review again, your app has become more worse, in easy words a complete package of bugs and Unfriendly user interface....... anyone listening? Kindly fix it.",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1744,Julie Austin,"September 9, 2022",I like this app but the last update killed it for my new pixel 6. It was working fine before this morning's update. Can't figure out any other way to notify the developers. The screen just sits there like it's trying to load but nothing happens no matter how long I leave it open or wherever I click on the screen. Figured some exec had them release the lastest update before it could be tested on newer technology.,66 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1745,David Taylor,"February 5, 2023","Actually not bad seeing as how last year my tweets and comments were shuffled somewhere else on platform. Seems like ol jack was more concerned with having fake women profiles to scam every person they could, yet silence people for telling the truth. I'm glad Elon bought Twitter, he might not think it was a great idea, but it was. Elon is the only thing the government can't control. From computers apps to spaceships that land themselves, all from the mind of 1 great person.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1746,Lesley Moore,"January 30, 2023","Fun, interesting and the only place for diverse opinions. App functionality is steadily improving.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1747,Kevin Green,"December 18, 2022","Signed up 3 weeks ago based on the changes made to platform. I enjoy the free exchange of opinions and look forward to the platform bringing back people unfairly banned. By exposing the what had gone on, elon is restoring credibility and accountability: thank you!",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1748,Cynthia Itohan,"January 28, 2023",I downloaded this app and I can't creat an account...I've tried more than 10 times and it's not working It's annoying and frustrating,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1749,Anza Farid,"January 11, 2023",My app is shutting down again and again itself and it's so annoying also video stops playing in the middle and i can only hear the voice please fix it,27 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1750,Tracy Leblanc,"December 26, 2022","I don't know why I waited so long to try it way better than Facebook, I liked Instagram better than FB also it is definitely way better since Elon took over! Here here.",12 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1751,Brad Alstatt,"January 22, 2023","Two issues: 1. Twitter seems to have disabled 3rd party apps without notice. 2. If Twitter would create an Android widget, I wouldn't need apps like Plume.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1752,Lonnie Young,"December 26, 2022",It's all right so far They show things on there is interesting It's a little complicated to use if it if I get any better with it I'll come back and redo this review but like I said it's interesting.,3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1753,CorgiButt is Art,"February 7, 2023",It's more laggy and it's loading images for too long. I hope you can fix this.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1754,Za3tar 5,"December 26, 2022","This app is so clever I like it so much. I just had a problem where I reseted my phone and I tried to get my account back but I forgot my name and my password. But no worries, your app sent me an email with my username on it telling me about my notifications. I got my account back thank u for this very much",53 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1755,Umeng Etteh,"December 12, 2022","My tweets/tweet replies are not sending, it keeps saying failed to send tweet even though I have perfect wifi/internet connection. Please fix! On a Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 4.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1756,oliver wood,"January 16, 2023","Too many ads. Used to be usable (I don't mind ads, I am the product after all), but this is a joke. Well done Space Karen",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1757,Ashish Bohora,"December 3, 2022","So far, not bad .. would be great if Twitter can show stats on views & delivery/read reports for Tweets - especially on the ones where no engagement has happened. Separate Analytics is not needed for this simple function. Since the AI & Algos are opaque, users don't get this data which makes it difficult for them to take sound data backed decisions. -- Also, Twitter needs to un-suspend accounts by default so exiled users can finally return. Hasn't happened so far.",17 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1758,Ka Sa,"September 18, 2022","I am using Samsung Note 9. After so long, I have decided to install the Android 10 version which caused a lot of issues, had to do factory reset, eventually. As I had to uninstall all my applications, I then started to reinstall all those ones after Android 10 software update, Twitter crashed so many times. Had to clear cache/clear data. Uninstalled/reinstalled with no success. What is the steps I can follow to get over with this issue you may suggest? Thanks for any help.",74 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1759,A Yee,"December 16, 2022",The newest update doesn't allow me to use any of the buttons to like/retweet/comment while scrolling down my feed. The buttons also look like they've gotten smaller?,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1760,anoop ujagare,"January 29, 2023","Every time I try to log in, it gives me error: connect is not loading this time. And this has been happening over a month now",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1761,Vincent Brison,"December 23, 2022","Timeline is a mess, regularly refreshing while scrolling. This issue has been around for months/year now..",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1762,Emma Ortiz,"February 5, 2023",I love this app because it gives me the latest news and updates in various different areas. It's also great for finding out what other people are interested in.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1763,Lia Parker,"January 21, 2023","The ""For You"" feature is awful. Why would I want to see random posts that are a day old? Why would I want to see anything other than all my followers tweets in chronological order?!",205 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1764,hello have a good day,"December 16, 2022","This app is being held together with sticky tape, likes on the timeline don't work anymore. How did you mess that up.",11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1765,C A,"December 12, 2022","Propaganda app for Elon's personal account now, and all ads now are just weird promoted tweets from personal accounts. Fell off fast, used to be the best site for memes, current events and discourse but not anymore...",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1766,Daniel L,"January 20, 2023","App is now full of bug and bots, and the new feature ito force the for you home screen on you is the final nail in the coffin I think for me. Now a broken app",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1767,Alan Greed,"January 18, 2023",One of the best social apps. Full of interesting content. Works better with a zero tolerance towards blocking abusive online accounts. All my US followers use the same policy. Nothing has changed since the takeover.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1768,Izz,"January 6, 2023","I like the apps, i can get a lot of news, and know a lot of things that happened but the problem is, i had my account from 2015 and it's 2023 I can't update my Birth Date because it says I'm underage. Why i still can't subscribe to Twitter Blue too?",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1769,andy cross,"December 26, 2022","OK to read tweets. Constantly crashing when trying to reply to tweets, or just write my own to post. Been like this since the last update.",4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1770,Martin McMahon,"December 18, 2022",Update killed the app. 2 days ago. Can't enter anything without the app hanging after the first 2-3 typed characters,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1771,David Goodin,"January 1, 2023",Best way to get unfiltered news and also to keep up on hobbies and trends! Easy to use.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1772,Tina Rolfsdotter,"December 6, 2022","Having a problem with dark mode, bl ot shoving photos and things properly, translating private tweets and when I want to leave the mic in spaces to just be a listener I loose all sound so I have to close the app and then enter the space again.",27 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1773,Josh Westphalen,"January 21, 2023",The most recent updates have made the app much less intuitive and user friendly. Bad experience,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1774,Junior Hensley,"December 29, 2022",It is ok but it seems my tweets are never seen. The Twitter app is an altogether better experience than it has ever been before.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1775,Phil,"February 14, 2023","Very interesting and educational information the Twitter team are wonderful and the people are pretty awesome also I've met,glad to be a member.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1776,Terry Jones,"December 7, 2022","Very new user. Never joined before because I am conservative and was aware of bias. I must say it's been fun. I've had interesting dialogue and so far no nastiness. Started out mostly replying, but now I have started tweeting myself. Would have given 5 stars, but tweeter needs an edit function. If it's their I can't find. Would like to correct a tweet or reply when I make a mistake or typo.",25 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1777,Jacob Ensign,"January 9, 2023","Made lots of good moots. Unfortunately, there is pornography. Sometimes, good posts disappear and are hard to find.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1778,Eve Mills,"January 24, 2023","New update is terrible, clunky, doesn't refresh well. Really dislike the ""For you"" and ""Following"" tabs, just show me what I have signed up for!",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1779,Adaboh Samir,"January 15, 2023",My app keeps glitching. I can't quote tweets without it freezing. I always have to restart the app,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1780,Lez Martin,"February 3, 2023","""For you"" and ""Following"",Sort that 💩 out, why can't social media apps just keep things simple FFS, just Following is enough thank you, being as that is what I joined Twitter for, and that's the DNA of Twitter, and ""following"" is taking so long to Refresh...I do NOT want SPACES, Twitter FORCES content that they won't let us disable,as they try and keep up with other apps,TWITTER FAILS TO LISTEN, and then wonders why people start deleting the app, just get rid of all the UNWANTED 💩",48 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1781,216 DavIR is the OOO Zion of God Δ,"February 2, 2023","Constantly get locked out for speaking freely, labels everything hate speech. Very sensitive to reality and emotional. Victim mentality promoting platform.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1782,Fluff Universe,"February 4, 2023",I hate the fact that you can only send one photo at a time in pms and in a tweet. Should have the option to post multiple like on other apps,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
1783,Dino mangino,"December 5, 2022","Elon scored a swing, and hit... out of the ballpark. I like the new Twitter so far. I've got some ideas that would be great to add, that could be an additional premium $$$ service for businesses, that some old apps allowed us to do, to streamline our Twitter usage.",36 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1784,Adam Gagnon,"December 28, 2022",Love it now because most news outlets are very biased and on Twitter it's both sides and we can have discussions on our differences and see other points of view besides our own.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1785,chaschristiansen,"December 13, 2022",It would be foolish to rate an app badly because there are people I don't like using it. The App works great. Never had a problem. Keep it up.,6 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1786,Akira Shiffer Miname,"January 30, 2023",I create an account today and it was succesful but I can't log in saying they cannot found my account. It's really annoying.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1787,Ian Lee,"December 20, 2022","For 48 hours the app has been constantly crashing. Every time I want to send a tweet crash, want to comment, crash",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1788,Reem Al-Bekai,"January 10, 2023","I am not able to log into my account, i keep getting an error message and it is exttemely annoying. Please fix this issue",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1789,Crazy Stuff and Nonsense,"February 9, 2023","Twitter app is great, love the continuing improvements, looking forward to the coins, so creator's & tipping can be done",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1790,Tobechi Madu,"December 16, 2022","What can I say it seamless, wish I could edit tweets or use more than 160 words but frankly it's a solid app. The personal chat is outdated but pretty effective 4.8/5 for me, guess that's still a 5. W update!",9 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1791,Stuart Taylor,"January 25, 2023","App is falling apart now. New features are terrible, algorithm is broken, security and functionality are broken.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1792,Sandra Johnson,"December 16, 2022","Now that Elon Musk owns Twitter, everyone has a voice. I've seen much improvement and it's running smoothly. Super fast and easy to use.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1793,Rhyanna,"February 8, 2023","I am not sure what's happening, My tweets aren't sending, atleast if I am in Twitter jail , let somebody know ,, 😂 Update , problem solved I believe my Twitter account was compromised, I read where they will lock your account for protection an install change of password , Its working fine .",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1794,John Bradberg,"December 26, 2022",This app has completely fallen off the face of usability. It's a complete disaster now. The search couldn't find water in the ocean.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1795,Johnnie Meijer,"January 25, 2023","Default is the ""For You"" tab I stead of the ""Following"" tab and it can't be changed. This is not what I use Twitter for. Thanks for the downgrade Elon.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1796,Nancy Laird,"January 2, 2023","Finally clear this little swamp. But they have taken the ability to put the app back on phone. Didnt close my acc, but i have to go in thru google now!",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1797,Chandupa Gunawardana,"January 23, 2023","The New UI is great 👍🏼, the responsiveness and fast updating tweets in homepage are very user-friendly, Currently I'm having a great experience within the app. Awesome Work by ""Team Twitter"" & Elon! KEEP UP THE GREAT MOMENTUM 🙌🏼💙",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1798,Kingsley izu (magic),"January 8, 2023",Very nice app the mistake is when want to suspend an account the hear from the other side and judge so please you also add auto copy and display or play video over other app too and also add dislike button too and since Elon musk take over there is much change,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1799,Juan Carlos Torres,"February 10, 2023","""For you"" and ""following""? Obviously both secions are for me, what is the reason to be in different tabs? This is so unnecessary.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1800,Land Moose Reject,"December 12, 2022","Been getting harder to use and with a way worse experience lately. Like day and night from a couple months ago, it's weird.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1801,Rick Bobigian,"December 18, 2022","My experience is good as I am following sites that specialize in archeology, geology, and origins of the earth from the universe to humanoids. This data is without political clutter. Really enjoying the information.",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1802,Lee Newnham,"January 18, 2023",I keep missing the voting posts somehow. But apart from that it's the best source of information and news... And it's free.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1803,Celina Koulouri,"December 21, 2022","Informative. Variety. Critical thinking allowed. Some barriers in language. What is good word for one, its bad for others for regionalism. So we get banned.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1804,Taraneh Tanha,"January 6, 2023","Unfortunately, the new version is keep crashing ,freezing and stop working multiple times!",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1805,Lily Barr,"October 23, 2022","I like the app but whenever I want to watch a video without going into it, the sound is not working. It's completely silent. When I'm scrolling through accounts with lots of videos it'll be really annoying to go back to the start whenever it resets.. FIX THIS!!!",97 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1806,Tanya Fowler,"December 20, 2022","I have tried social media off and on since it's inception. I could never tolerate it. Yet Twitter, thank you Elon. I am finding it to be quite interesting!",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1807,MD WASIM AKRAM (GOLDEN),"December 16, 2022",We cannot send a text message to this phone number because its operator is not supported. While login I don't get the OTP for 2SV and see this pop up what should I do now?,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1808,Adam Zuniga,"February 5, 2023",You guys really need to fix this app it's annoying bc everytime I get ban for no reason It keeps banning all my accounts so annoying Twitter really needs to fix it there always ignoring my requests to get my accounts back!,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1809,The Thin King,"October 2, 2022",Since latest update it is driving me mad! The notifications don't take me to the specific tweet for some reason and I can't get to close the app without force closing it...which is so annoying! Not sure what you've done but neither of my Samsung's seem to like it and are both acting the same. Grrrr!,99 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1810,Miss Kitty,"September 5, 2022","THREE ANNOYING ISSUES: #1 When hitting LIKE during video playback, the sound goes out. I have to exit the tweet and go back to hear audio. #2 When I'm in a thread and click a video, after the video clip or gif plays, it automatically scrolls me back up to the top of the thread instead of returning me back to where I was. #3 On the FOR YOU page, where is the option to select NOT INTERESTED IN THIS for new stories that have been showing up for 5 days straight? Android, Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra.",407 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1811,Keith,"September 22, 2022",Update: this is still a problem. Workaround: install it in the Amazon App Store! The app has crashed when I try to open it for months. I've already reset my phone to factory defaults multiple times since this started happening. I tried to contact Twitter support but I can't get any help.,62 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1812,Harshita,"August 31, 2022","see i love using this app but the recent update has really messed up all of it. the auto generated captions are just not it, they're too large and not even accurate and the fact that there's no option to close them is so disappointing. Now we can't even embedd simply by copying the link directly but have to go through a very time consuming process to do so. please go back to how twitter was before the recent update, the only good thing about it was the twitter circle nothing else",230 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1813,awumdah,"August 30, 2022","I was about to trust Twitter. But the reviews are a bit too negative. I think I'll pass. The social media is becoming too controlling, to many ads, and demanding too much personal information. Not sure exactly where the internet is trying to force the collective to go. Not even sure I'm talking to real humans or A I bots. I don't feel comfortable being treated like an experiment, traveling under a microscope. Maybe later.",62 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1814,keith curtis,"September 10, 2022","Not loading on Pixel 6 Pro with latest os updates after latest Twitter update. You can swipe the menu in from the left but it doesn't stay, as soon as you let go it slides back off towards the left. No feed loads at all. If you restart the phone, after 30 seconds or so of Twitter being open you can see about 4 tweets but you can't scroll the feed or click any icond. If you then close the app and reopen you're back to no tweets at all unless restarting phone.",60 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1815,Phil Phil,"November 3, 2022","It's enjoyable. I'd like settings to be a little more user friendly. For example, I'd like to tailor what I see first on the launch page every time I open the APP. I'd like to be able to ""timeout"" some accounts I follow instead of two options (following, not following).How about options like ""Cool off"", 1 day, 3 days, 1 week. The reason being, some accounts tweet too frequently. I wanna follow them, but sometimes- cool off a day or a few days.",201 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1816,Stephanie (Smloosh),"September 10, 2022","As of the most recent update, the app no longer works and is stuck on a blank screen (Android 13, pixel 6a). Have tried everything, force stopping the app, uninstalling and reinstalling multiple times, restarting my phone - no success. Hope it gets fixed soon, but I have uninstalled it and will be trying out some 3rd party apps instead.",93 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1817,A MN,"October 26, 2022","Update is terrible. As many have already said, nearly a third of a video is covered by the tweet description/caption when i click on it for full screen. How is this usable? If this is what it takes to roll out video discovery feature then it is absolutely not worth it—not when you cant even see videos in the first place.",116 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1818,Oephel,"October 23, 2022","Terrible update, just bring back the old one there is too many problems with this update and alot of glitches specially with videos, sometimes two videos are playing at ones, if you opened a video you need to keeo clocking on it to start playing, why there is no double tap on the side to have 5sec backwards or forwards, if you want to exit the video you have to tap on the top left corner instead of scrolling down and all that is just horrible",79 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1819,Laura I.,"October 13, 2022","Horrible update! The new update on Android has disabled notifications, and the update after that hasn't fixed them. In addition, it renders the text box in DMs completely unreadable so you can't see what you're typing before you send it. Too many ads, too many posts by people and topics I don't even follow, just awful. Fix this please!",73 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1820,Arisune Akku,"November 7, 2022","This app is good but needs some work; I'm keeping it at two stars until it's better. One we should be able to edit our posts, I do not know why this isn't allowed on there. Two, I think since your app is slow, also why not let us upload the original quality of our photos. Three, when I message friends on there they sometimes do not receive my messages, please make Messaging faster. Four, I want to be able to look at every single one of my old posts. Stop hiding them from my profile.",382 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1821,Justin Thyme,"October 15, 2022","'Tweets in chronological order' is beyond broken. It just does not work, as I have to manually go to a person's page to see anything recent. 'Tweet notifications' are broken as I haven't gotten a single notification from specific people I follow (only a handful of accounts), only finding out they tweeted through another media platform. Bots. Bots for days.",112 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1822,Prasad Naik,"October 22, 2022","More ads than content. Every second post is an ad that takes up the entire screen. Meanwhile, the UI remains as unintuitive and unusable as ever. This is the experience they wanted you to have when the choked the third party app ecosystem.",58 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1823,Crappy,"November 21, 2022","It's getting more frustrating to use this app. My main gripe for a few months now has been how awful the notifications from DMs are getting. I will be in a conversation, and still getting push notifications on my phone from the app. Even exiting and reentering the DM does not clear the notif until I dismiss it myself. Additionally, recently received messages are unreliable on whether they decide to appear or not. There is much more to be criticized, but alas the word count on these reviews.",161 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1824,Robert Best,"October 26, 2022","They keep moving random parts of the UI around, but only for some accounts It's at the point now where on one of my accounts the tray with the settings and profile options swipes out from the left as usual, but when I switch to my other account it has a button on the navbar and swipes out from the right instead Awful consistency, I don't even know how you guys managed this since I disabled auto updates months ago, is it just a web view you can update without pushing an app update?? Please stop",58 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1825,Lee BFC,"September 26, 2022","Impossible to verify email address. I created new email addresses, I received errors saying the email address was associated with another account. Impossible, I'd created them and immediately used them for verification. The email addresses weren't used for anything else. After 2 weeks I managed to get verification codes sent to different email addresses, at first thought, great, but the codes expired immediately, way b4 the 2 hours stated. Awful now I can't use my account.",41 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1826,Elham Nosrati,"November 1, 2022","Worse UX.New updates for reporting is full of bugs and incredibly difficulty to use! SOFTWARE ISSUES, TERRIBLE USER EXPERIENCE. things that you could do with few clicks before, now you need to scroll up/down and click more, even check boxes don't work usually. Sometimes I need to try 3 to 4 times to get things done. Really disappointed. Why product managers don't spend time on more beneficial features, Why Twitter is messing up things that worked well?",163 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1827,Adebanke Bamidele,"October 17, 2022","Edit: I don't have some major features like twitter voice and edit. Why? I've been a user for almost a decade and I haven't really had issues with the app. However, I had this app in my previous phone then had redownload on this one and there is a feature missing on this version. The missing feature is the retweet option without having to unretweet to retweet with comment. Is this a known glitch or has this feature been discarded?",37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1828,Kieran W,"September 3, 2022","Good profile management. Not sure why closed captions are enabled by default with no way to disable (I have them off on my device settings) a lot of ads, particularly for new accounts. Lots of noise with notifications - don't pester me if there's nothing I need to be updated on",39 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1829,Guardian EXO,"November 26, 2022","The most recent update (~11/25/2022) is making the app wonky. For example, if I retweet/like 4-5 tweets, by the time I want to refresh, the top is packed with everything I liked & rt'd. It takes me forever to see a tweet I didn't interact with. I want the top/refreshed tweets to be new tweets I haven't seen before. Other than that, there are no problems, but this is so annoying it's making me not want to even open the app anymore. And I'm ALWAYS on twitter! Please fix this!",116 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1830,Ray Dee,"October 13, 2022","I like this app, its features are straight forward, easy to use and (Bugs) it has close to non, very rare cases have I seen it freezing or crushing... My frustration is on Account recovery and Password recovery after switching phones, the process is somewhat slow and boring",37 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1831,Betty W. Wait,"November 24, 2022","I have to keep clicking the back button to the start or close the app to get to home. Change this! Also, give us history like Chrome & forward arrow. Allow us to open different windows to follow different topics. I like the additional tweets option if u have a loooong post 👏👏👏. Lately it feels like security is tight. I even think my posts are disappearing. This is taking away the freedom of the app",101 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1832,Saikat Halder,"October 22, 2022","I like using the app however there could be some features which can be added, such as under media section there could be a dedicated photo and video option showcasing all the media perticular account has uploded publicly. So, it will be easy to go through them on later point rather then scrolling and also once you open a picture on an account and than you have to close the post to get on next one is tiresome, just add some toggle between features, thank you.",186 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1833,Toni Iddrisu,"November 14, 2022",Kudos for allowing the ability to highlight a word and for correcting the scrolling issue after tapping on replies. Videos won't play on the app and claims it's because another application is using the audio. This only happens with the Twitter app on Android. Please fix it.,303 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1834,Darnelle Jones,"September 9, 2022","Similar to other Pixel 6 owners. The update on the weekend while using Android 13 bricked the app. Reinstalling, clearing cache, and restarting don't solve the issue. If you turn on notifications in your android settings, the app starts working again. This is an annoying workaround since I had notifications off for a reason. Need google to fix this.",43 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1835,MrPuppetFloyd202,"October 5, 2022","Right now, the pop-up for my notifications aren't working on my phone!!!! I've changed with the settings,logged out and logged in, restarting my phone and nothing works!!!!!! It's been like this since yesterday morning and I'm absolutely sick and tired of this!!!!! Please help me out",40 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1836,teairra elisha,"September 25, 2022","A function for us users to be able to edit after posting a tweet when? It's a hassle to delete the tweet, type it out the same thing and then post it again for the second time. Have done that for several times. To have that function, it saves time and is very convenient. Overall, yeah, Twitter is my second most used app.",43 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1837,Jordana,"October 6, 2022","Don't like the new DM layout or functions, messages you sent don't open or load and then just kick you out back to the main DM list menu. You should go back to the old style and layout, there was nothing wrong with it and at least it worked properly!",41 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1838,Subaragavan M,"November 23, 2022","In former version mute option worked properly but now there is no mute option available while using the updated version of ur app but it is there while i was using twitter in chrome, please correct that one . Whenever sound starts to play in any of my timeline video unknowingly and as there is no mute option in it i try to move to the search page but the music is still playing in the background.",71 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1839,A. C.,"October 4, 2022","This most recent update was terribke for DMs. Also the ability to copy text & media embedded in a tweet with one long press is now gone. This is a highly used feature for reposting media, please bring it back. Also why did talk to text in the DM go away? It will not work anymore. Additionally, when putting photos into a DM the thumbnails are so tiny. The whole interface of the DM is really terrible now",59 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1840,Scott Ringrose,"September 9, 2022","After update on 09/08/22 nothing works. I cleared the cache, app data, restarted my phone and uninstalled/reinstalled the app. Nothing fixed the issue. I can get into the app but nothing loads and none of the buttons work. It's always been glitchy in the past but this is ridiculous.",46 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1841,John Ozovehe Demide,"October 25, 2022","The application functions optimally. Especially the Space, I held a successful space yesterday, there were of course occasional drops by speakers, but I think that was due to network constraints. All in all, it's a perfectly nifty application, more power to the UI/UX team...",157 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1842,HEMANT JADHAV,"September 12, 2022","To copy to the old version, touch and hold, which is easy. In the new version, to copy the whole meter, Touch, Select has to be done 3,4 times, so it takes more time. And there are problems. Please it should be one time touch and hold copy. Please solve this problem 🙏",38 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1843,shy kitty gameing :3,"September 12, 2022","I would give this a five star but I do have a few problems with it. It is a bit laggy at times Can take forever for it load And for me atleast I can't change my bio. I've un-installed it and re-installed it and reset my phone and nothing has worked, I really hope they can fix it, but other than that it's a good place to post stuff like art, memes, etc.",42 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1844,mywinona,"November 24, 2022","I updated the app yesterday (11/23) and it completely broke. Every time I try to refresh my timeline, it gives me the error ""Cannot retrieve Tweets at this time. Please try again later"". I've been forced to use it on my browser app, and it's so unbelievably clunky and slow. Even before the update, all my replies to any tweet would somehow stick to the top of my timeline, blocking new tweets with replies I've tweeted. Why is this happening? No one else I know seems to be having issues this bad.",103 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1845,Susan D,"October 7, 2022","Recent update has broken the chat. Notifications have to be manually cleared, even if you are in the chat when a message arrives. The chat reactions are too spaced out wasting screen estate, messages are too spaced out, don't need to see that message has been 'sent', I know that and the chat scroll is BAD. And the problem where if you read a thread of comments it bounces all the way back to the original post is back.",34 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1846,Dimi S,"September 25, 2022","Update: Auto-scrolling to the top of page still present. After update, it keeps scrolling to the top of the page after vieweing a post, so I have to scroll all the way down to the post I last viewed. Moving on to browser. Other than that, good response, but the aforementioned glitch is a dealbraker.",55 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1847,jack Wimberly,"October 26, 2022",Please stop messing with whatever you keep messing with. The only part of the app that works now is the message tab. I have to quickly click it like fifteen times or the app will automatically close. This is like the third time this year on android this bug has happened.,51 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1848,Subharthi,"October 7, 2022","Good social media app, let down by some very annoying bugs and glitches. It stutters on scrolling, randomly refreshes back to top and sometimes doesn't let me download images. Recently, switching on the two factor authentication causes the app to crash. This is just ridiculous.",141 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1849,joshkgw,"October 28, 2022","I love twitter. I use it frequently and have always had a good experience with it until recently. Videos will no longer play for me. I have tried clearing the data, cache, uninstalling, giving permissions, restarting my phone, everything. It doesn't work. Hope it gets fixed soon.",126 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1850,Laura H,"October 11, 2022","Not perfect but works fine. I'd like to be able to pin a saved search in the same way you can pin lists. Muting hashtags should be easier - long press instead of going through the menu. Also the option to completely hide blocked users instead of telling me there's a tweet from a blocked user right there - I blocked them for a reason! I would also like to see the option to remove ads, if priced reasonably.",33 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1851,Sam Barnhouse,"January 25, 2023","Can't look away. It's like watching a train wrecks in real time. Nothing works anymore, the entire experience feels like we are back in 2012.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1852,ntb bee,"November 10, 2022","love the app but have tins of issues on mobile. pinned messages vanish then randomly reappear. messages look completely different on separate accounts, it's looks like they updated the messages to make it better but it's only on one account? timeline has tons of issues as well.",62 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1853,Afif Zulkifli,"October 31, 2022","I'm using Samsung Note 10 plus, but still lagging. Other apps is okay, except for twitter. All function on twitter is lagging. DM, Home, Space, many more. Please fix it. + i don't know what's wrong. It's loading too much longer. I thought it's my provider problem. But when i'm scrolling instagram, facebook, and others apps, it's perfectly fine. Only twitter that took too much to loading. Same goes when i'm using wifi. Other apps is fine. Except for twitter. Fix it!",55 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1854,SSE,"October 3, 2022","Recent update is garbage. The app looks so bad now, the chat won't scroll automatically when receiving and sending texts, the text would disappear instead of sending sometimes???? Also it completely broke the notifications, I don't get any dm notifications anymore. Go back to how it was before.",38 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1855,Cosplay is cool,"October 1, 2022",The newest update has broke Twitter. Anytime I try and view a post sent to me I'm redirected to a Google page that tells me to either login or switch to Twitter app to view post. For the last 10 minutes I thought I was hacked or it was my phone that was the problem. But no it's just the new update fix it! I have to do long sequence of steps that redirect me to 5 different pages to just view a thread. God forbid I accidentally hit the back bottom and I have to do it all over again 🙃,36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1856,volkerball,"October 1, 2022","They've started adding recommendations, and they completely cover your timeline. The recommendations are all stupid algorithm nonsense. Cancel culture, celebrities, and really really stupid hot takes. You can say you're not interested in the topic but it doesn't stop. Not worth your time trying to create a feed that's worthwhile since they will just bury it. Uninstalled.",29 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1857,qqq1,"September 8, 2022","Quit working. App would open and show no tweets. No buttons worked. Restarted phone, no help. Removed and reinstalled app. App opens but login tries for a while and fails. *Was finally able to get to the login. After I logged back in it was right back to showing no tweets, no buttons working.",35 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1858,Janefrances Ayogu,"October 5, 2022","I love the app and I like that continuously, you work on giving us enjoyable features especially the new reactions on spaces. However, I'm quite unhappy with the fact that spaces are not available on the twitter web like it is on the mobile app. I'd really love it if I could space with ease from my browser.",25 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1859,Erik Granados,"September 9, 2022",Everything was working fine until I upgraded my Pixel 6 Pro to Android 13. Now when I open the app nothing loads. I clear Cache and app data and it works. But as soon as I get into the device settings and disable all app notifications the app stops working and nothing loads.,36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1860,Jennifer Pepin,"October 8, 2022","Far too many repetitive ads. I understand the need for them, but every few windows houses an ad....and it's the same ones (even if you feedback that you're not interested) Zombie games and sports betting sites, neither of which I've expressed interest.",31 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1861,Sonia L. Dhami,"October 10, 2022",stop auto-refreshing the timeline. and when i have more than 10k followers i'd like to be able to see the full amount of followers still (like on iphone when we click on the followers count). an option (that we can turn on and off from settings) to see the pictures in HQ on the timeline without having to click on them would be nice. NEW PROBLEM: WE CAN'T EMBED VIDEOS ANYMORE. 🫤🫤🫤🫤🫤,134 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1862,Olga Koleshchuk,"October 24, 2022","Negative 10 stars. Not user-friendly at all, I have to go to my profile every time someone replies, it doesn't allow me to sign in from my tablet, when I want to share something from elsewhere, it promises to email me a code but never does. And most frustratingly, I can't edit my reply! It's a nightmare!",61 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1863,Syarifah Khoirunnisa,"November 25, 2022","- new look on emoji is so ugly - why can't we schedule tweet on the app like in the web? - lately, my timeline's latest always stuck and can't be reloaded. I've been login-logout and uninstall-install but it keeps happening. - whenever I scroll, on timeline, on someone's followers/following, it always gets reloaded by itself. - etc, too many to point out.",65 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1864,Debby Johnson,"September 9, 2022",My Twitter is blank and unresponsive since this morning. I have uninstalled and reinstalled which has made no difference. I have tried both on and off wifi. My account works fine when I log in to the desktop. I am on a pixel 6 pro running android 13 on the Vodafone network. Emailed all this to the dev account only to have the email bounce as the email no longer exists for the developers,36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1865,M K,"November 8, 2022","The search is complicated and tweets links not change to a video!! Slow and heat my phone, the tweets repeated in the main view which already seen, not intutive and light..need light version like facebook, a lot to do to make it better and secured, the videos and images NOT open fast and loading half way This is by far the worest app i ever seen in my whole life to do that are you serious!!",54 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1866,Johnny Ballistic,"November 4, 2022","You either love it or hate it! When I open a tweet to read a reply it then sends me back to the top of the page, really really annoying! I used it constantly when first installed. Now it's the recovery movement that keeps me coming back, support for mental health, the Twitter fields are vast and sometimes supporting.",49 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1867,David Chait,"November 1, 2022","Less frustration with the app than any other social media app, in terms of finding pertinent information. My only challenge when receiving replies to my replies to tweets, I cannot navigate back to the full conversation. This prevents me from understanding the full context. Maybe there is a way,but its not obvious. Very excited that Elon Musk has purchased it, and look forward to a non-political bias in filtering and suppressing content.",47 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1868,nugget,"October 26, 2022","I can't log in nor create an account. It says that there's a problem and I should retry later. It has been MONTHS and this is going on. I've tried resetting my data, cache, uninstalling and reinstalling the app and none worked. Please fix this or contact me. It was working properly before, I don't know why is it this way right now. No, my phone is not old either.",54 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1869,Possum Tots,"September 30, 2022","Most recent update completely broke the notification system. Regardless of how many times I opt into push notifications, if I uninstall and reinstall, I don't get any twitter notifications anymore. This update made the app look less primitive, but it operates terribly now. Please fix this, I'll have to move to texts or Discord if it all stay broken","2,462 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
1870,Steven Andrei Concepcion,"September 1, 2022","The new update with the captions are annoying. There is no way to turn them off, even though there is a option to do so. And It is not fun watching posts anymore because of the captions almost blocking the whole screen.",42 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1871,Crusieth Maximuss,"November 9, 2022",The log out button should be underneath your avatar icon or immediately accessible. This platform algorithm is still heavily left leaning. Could use an algorithm overhaul. The dark mode is fantastic. Not trying to look directly into a flashlight 🔦 while reading. Thanks for having dark mode available. 😎🤙🏻,161 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1872,Lauren W,"October 23, 2022",App now tries to play videos as you scroll. Sound blips and then cuts off after a beat. Startling and unnecessary. It would be great to have a back button near the bottom where your thumb can reach...phones are really tall these days.,36 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1873,Adriana Wood,"September 6, 2022",App worked great till I was locked out of my account with no way to verify an email. I have encountered the email verification bug that has no solution. It's been over a month since I've been able to get into my account. The amount of people this is affecting is staggering and we have yet to hear anything official on it.,34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1874,McKenzie Martin,"October 26, 2022","When opening app today, it starts to load, I can see that I have notifications, but then screen closes with 'Unfortunately Twitter has stopped' message? Uninstalled and created a new account, still won't open on my Android tablet, opens ok on my Android phone, both Samsung. Same issue today again (26.10.22) after updating. Tried restart and shut down, then restarting, still not working.",169 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1875,Lucas,"October 6, 2022","Recent update has fully broken dms and push notifications. The notifications won't clear after the direct message is opened, the seen function is not working appropriately, and notifications in general aren't sending at the correct times. How was this update such a failure when it looks like it was just to change design??",59 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1876,Hafsa Bashir,"November 24, 2022","my ""recent tweets"" timeline is only showing my own tweets and i have to scroll down to see actual recent tweets for some reason. my notifications are only showing from 10 hours ago, despite me knowing I definitely have newer ones. when I'm on the search page and press ""back"", it freezes on the search page and doesn't take me back to my timeline.",686 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1877,crims0n fury,"November 7, 2022","Awful application. Ads are never ending, content is always questionable. Used it to keep track of artists I enjoy even when pop culture is added to my feed for no reason. Leaving before it gets even worse from the regime change or tries to charge me.",53 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1878,Ray Hoertz,"October 22, 2022","The ads have gotten so bad I had to jump ship. It seems like every other post is a sponsored one and it makes finding meaningful content tiresome, at best. There are so many great alternatives available. Especially if you are willing to pay a few bucks to get them ad-free.",97 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1879,Ik B,"November 9, 2022","Okay this app has started pissing me off It has been good since this week after my update. I am always on spaces, but since my update, whenever I am a speaker on a space I don't hear anything, I can only talk or read captions I can only hear when I am a ""listener* I mean come up, stop trying to add bugs to this app It is normally good but at this point I might be uninstalling soon",64 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1880,RockeLife2.0,"October 25, 2022","As an Android user, I've always dealt with disappearing notifications, and likes that unlike themselves, among other glitchy functionality, but lately it's just repeatedly freezing and crashing (only app doing it), which makes it very difficult to recommend.",52 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1881,Timothy Phillips,"September 23, 2022","It's really annoying to get post notifications ALL THE TIME, while they were NEVER turned on. It happens to almost all the accounts that I follow and even unfollowed. Please fix this issue. Overall, it's still nice from the desktop version.",25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1882,ZACH SPEIGHT,"October 4, 2022",Tried everything to get back in to Twitter and for some reason my password stopped working and only way I could get back in was to download this spyware app to be able to reset password as tried 6 different browser and couldn't get to reset password and customer services never even bothered to get back to me. Deleting app now as don't trust it hence the reason I only use through browser.,27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1883,Jarrod Curran,"November 1, 2022","It's definitely not something I would be interested in and I would never recommend it, I downloaded it and the moment I set up my account the first thing that comes up is a 18+ uncensored photo, I looked through the settings and the hide inappropriate images was turned off. It's definitely not appropriate for younger people.",67 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1884,Dane Finnesand,"October 18, 2022",Used to be able to play media with a single click. Now videos open in new window and you still have to press play and back out after the video is done. Went from 1 touch to 3. Bring back the videos playing on the timeline.,38 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1885,Daves Ermon,"November 11, 2022","What I really love about the Twitter App is its ability to be so informative, but maintain its simplicity. I can easily read and have access to all my category of interest items without being over burdened with too much information, and still allow me to be best informed. All my category of interest are easily explored. The big plus, its simple, but rich and power tools to collaborate with others with. Its all I need, and all on a palm size screen on my device. Thank you Twitter",102 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1886,Lala O,"September 8, 2022","Major glitches recently. Every time I'm watching a video and hit the like button the sound on the video cuts out, and I have to close and reopen it to watch it properly. Really annoying, please fix it!",31 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1887,Miss Ingrid Lise “Not Aloud To Say” Larssen,"October 10, 2022","Only started using, but it has worked very well. Obviously, if there are any glitches in the future, then I would not hesitate in down grading the score. Maybe, their app designers could lend a hand to help Amazon, which is appalling!",45 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1888,E Helmer,"September 9, 2022",The app randomly crashed today and will only show me a blank screen with the menu bar at the bottom. i uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it only resolved the issue for an hour before crashing again and there is functionally no way to contact twitter support about this since i can't use the app.,59 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1889,J. Clifford Dyer,"October 8, 2022","In the past couple days, Twitter has started adding to my in app notifications with information about random tweets that i haven't interacted with, and i can't find an obvious way to disable it in settings. Sufficiently annoying to uninstall if it's not reverted within a week.",30 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1890,John Murphy,"October 4, 2022","Most infuriating, just done an update to fix bugs, they'd been better off using bug spray. Like many other comments. All was ok, i can't access any tweets or view any videos. Sadly there appears to be no notifications from the developers to day they're responding",28 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1891,Lychee,"September 26, 2022","Doesn't work. It doesn't loads my DMs or my Timeline. Even if I delete and download it again, don't work. Some times it loads, as I didn't have anything new, and then I find a DM from days ago. It's been like this since 2021 October, I barely can use the app properly.",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1892,Zayn Daly,"September 29, 2022","Added my birthday to my Bio, and now it's stuck in a never ending loop of loading then saying 'Something went wrong' back to loading before I can click anything and saying that I need to 'try my request later'. I've uninstalled, reinstalled, done everything. I really like twitter, but I literally can't use it!",25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1893,AJ Herman,"September 9, 2022","It's so cluttered with ads. Topics, suggestions, these are just different names for ads - in addition to the ads! Let me opt out of topics and suggestions entirely. I follow about 5 people (on purpose) and all I see are tweets, suggestions, topics and ads for a bunch of other trash apps/accounts, and yet it's hard to find the handful of tweets from people I follow. Just garbage. It's no wonder people continue to hate themselves and each other the more they use social media.",25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1894,Alperen Şahin,"September 4, 2022",1) It keeps auto-scrolling to top while viewing the tweet on a profile. 2) auto generated captions are really bad. I get the idea of helping the people with disabilities but why are you destroying my experience with the app then? There ks no way to turn them off. I JUST DONT WANNA SEE IT THEY ARE BAD AND THEY ARE USUALLY FILLING THE SCREEN WITH GIBBERISH TEXT.,26 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1895,Danny Powerstorm,"September 9, 2022",App is now completely broken. Recent update appears to have broken the app - randomly goes to the top of a profile timeline when scrolling tweets and always resets to the top of the profile if you click into a tweet. Really bad experience.,38 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1896,Traci,"September 28, 2022","I love Twitter, except for a few things. I constantly get fake profile followers. I delete them all, but I'm sure a lot of people don't. Secondly, please make it easier, Twitter, to delete an individual search! I shouldn't have to delete my entire search history, which I use as a fast way to get to my favorites, to delete one account from it! I used to be able to do that, but now the only option is to clear everything!",23 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1897,21UPH110 Antony Renith S,"January 6, 2023",Today onwards I am facing audio delay problem. Video plays first then the audio playing with few seconds difference. Twitter fix this problem. I didn't watch any video because of this bug .,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1898,i o,"October 22, 2022","New updates are horrible. In chat you now need to press just the right little spot to open a tweet instead of opening only the picture or the poster's profile. Same applies to double tapping to add a reaction. And the new report interface. Even though it seems more accurate now, it is way too slow. There's no way I'm exposing myself to the profiles of malicious users just to see the exact reasons I can report them instead of the pre-update giving broad reason and let twitter investigate further.",39 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1899,News Flash,"October 7, 2022","Rubbish! This so called "" updated"" keeps asking if i want to "" save my password"" EVERYTIME i now log in, ive been using twittet and this app for the last 5 months, & this has never happened, also another annoying thing is, when i go to send a gif in DM sometimes it's Not sending, and when it dose send it's NOT letting me attatch a message, and i can see the gif "" shaking"" each time i press a letter. It's RUBBISH and i DO NOT like it.",36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1900,Mitchell,"November 25, 2022",Absolute garbage. I will be switching all my devices to Apple ecosystem if this app is still in the Play Store after new years. I cannot allow myself not my family to be exposed to nonsensical hate speech. Twitter had changed so drastically for the negative is very nefarious ways due to the recent change in management. anyone who advertises in that platform will never see me as a customer. there are plenty of choices for anything you need. I'll take the time to find alternative companies.,60 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1901,Dee Ann Alexopoulos,"September 9, 2022","Used to be good. App just comes up with blank news feed. I've emptied cache, uninstalled and reinstalled app, and rebooted my phone. The bottom selection buttons appear as well as my home icon but that's it. This has been going on for 2 days now.",27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1902,bee bee,"October 3, 2022","The recent updates made me not received any notifications for my dm, mentions and so on. It's extremely annoying and I don't know when people reply me or stuffs. I have to open the apps to check them out. That's so so so annoying and terrible. Please fix this problem.",26 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1903,Jimoni Deka,"October 20, 2022","Literally annoyed with the latest updates, whenever i post a video, the audio and the video don't sync properly. The audio ends before the video ends about 5 seconds earlier. Please try to fix this issue.",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1904,John Peacock,"September 11, 2022","Latest update is hot garbage. If I click on a link to a specific tweet (e.g. on some other site), it works. Otherwise it's completely frozen. Can't refresh, can't search, can't see direct messages. It's just dead, Jim!",56 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1905,Jason Lance (Trinity),"September 10, 2022","I can't sign in! It keeps saying that something went wrong. Please fix this! It started a month ago and continues to happen today. Edit 2: Alright, so I made a new Twitter account, but it won't let me add my email address! It says that my email addresss isn't in their records, but when I try to add it to my new Twitter account, it keeps saying that the email is already taken! I need help now!",32 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1906,Trevor Loomis,"September 4, 2022","Twitter for Android is garbage! We desperately need an update. I will jump in to a Spaces, I can't hear anything, I go out again, but Twitter still has me logged into that Spaces. So I then have to restart my phone to make it work. Happens 4-5 times a day. Very annoying.",20 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1907,Ethan Jenniker,"November 7, 2022","The latest update of Twitter has been a major downfall to me, notifications are not appearing yet I checked my Settings and everything supposedly should pop up when I get a notification. Whenever I view video it always blurs and says directly,""Video has stop working please try again"". And I try again, same thing happens. Please fix this app, I use it daily so I expect a good experience",85 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1908,samuel christopher,"February 5, 2023","It is the worst social web I have ever seen, they keep telling you to authentic what your know nothing about 😔. I wouldn't have given it any star at all. I just created an account trying to get followers. They immediately locked my account and telling me to authenticate if I am human, I should choose animal with the wrong head. It is that a joke or what. I just love social life but twitter is making it hard for me.😭 Elon and his crew should do something abt before people start losing interest",0,1,twitter
1909,Chad Chase,"October 13, 2022","Major glitches: every ""like"" of a comment auto scrolls to the top of the page! AND liking videos turns OFF the volume. There are both individually frustrating. Meaning the whole like function is entirely broken in every form of use!!!!!!!",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1910,Tori Christiano,"October 28, 2022","I have an issue with twitter ""logging (me) out"" when I close the app. When I attempt to log in at this screen, it gives me an error. But if I end the twitter task and re-open, I'll be properly logged in. This has been happening since early June, throughout updates.",43 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1911,ogwang allan,"September 8, 2022",The app is pretty perfect and fast. Only challenge is on the limitation of words one had to type in order to post. Instead of writing an article wholesomely you end up breaking it into smaller parts.,16 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1912,BLUEWITHER1845PLAYZ BLUEWITHERDRAGON1845,"September 25, 2022",Had this app for 5 years. And still the double notification bug has still not been fixed. Why are we having to receive duplicate notifications? Please get rid of them. We only need to see 1 notification not duplicates. Man this app is actually garbage for that. Until they fix this I am not installing the app again.,27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1913,S. Lynch,"September 7, 2022",Edit Sept 2022. Big Problem w/ closed-open caption. May be limited to Samsung One Ui 4.1. Twitter app ignores the android captions setting and attempts to caption vid tweets. Also ignores caption button on some tweets. Seems to happen more at the beginning of the vid and when the scrub line is visible. Unable to completely keep app from attempting captioning. Very annoying. Plz fix ASAP.,37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1914,George Peters,"November 5, 2022","I've been a chronic Twitter addict for almost a decade. The new owner is gutting features and pledging to make it less user friendly. He's fired most of the staff that do stuff like accessibility and community management, the stuff that makes a social network usable. These changes are also driving away a lot of the journalists, politicians and other public figures that made it useful for quick news. Since these changes started ethnic slurs have been listed as ""top trends"" multiple times.",35 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1915,Amy Arbuckle,"October 3, 2022","PLEASE PLEASE PLEEEEASE remove the update from the dms, when I use to get a link to a Twitter posts in dms it would just open within the app, as it should, but now whenever I open a link it takes me directly to the browser which SUCKS!!!! That means I have to either log in on browser (which why would I do that when that's literally the whole point of having the app) or I have to copy the link, paste it into my notes then tap it and hit ""open with Twitter"", IT WAS PERFECT BEFORE PLEASE CHANGE IT!",36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1916,Skyler_Demi Fang,"September 25, 2022","This is the second time they ""accidentally"" suspended my account and my other accounts! I literally haven't been on Twitter for a little bit and this is what I come back to. Not to mention the app is not even working anymore on my phone. When ever I try to make an appeal it won't let me it also won't let me log out of my account and it won't send verification codes to my phone number. I am getting real frustrated and fed up with this!!!! Fix your app twitter!!!!",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1917,Darcy Marie,"October 10, 2022",I can't find any way to submit a ticket or issue complaint directly to twitter but twitter DMs is my main form of communication with a few family members around the world. After the latest update i am no longer getting notifications for DMs. And yes they are turned on in the settings. I cleared the cache. Uninstalled & reinstalled. Restarted my phone. All the normal troubleshooting. This NEEDS to be fixed. I'd give negative stars just for this if i could.,"1,031 people found this review helpful",1,twitter
1918,DAN,"September 26, 2022","Whenever I post a reply to a post, once I hit the reply button, the timeline auto-scrolls all the way back to the top of all of the responses. I then have to flip thru all of the responses I just read to get back to where I was when I replied. A royal pain. Update 9/26/22 : Changed from 2 stars to 1.",26 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1919,Melissa Robinson,"November 26, 2022","App has gone down hill rapidly since new ownership. Many accounts I follow have deactivated, there is no response to hate speech/harassment reports, certain functionality no longer works. It's not a fun place to be anymore. I've migrated to Hive, and while that app still needs work, it's a much better place to be.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1920,Leanne Vermeulen,"October 22, 2022","Honestly the whole point of Twotter is to connect with others and see what they're saying, but for months now, I'm unable to see others comments. If I click on the comment icon, it opens up my keyboard so I can create a comment rather than view others. If I click on the picture, it just hones in on the picture, but still no ability to see comments. It's beyond irritating",34 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1921,Steven Varnell,"September 8, 2022","App just froze. Will only show profile pic, and the number of notifications. It started last night 9/7/22 and is continuing. I can use the internet browser, but the app is frozen. Tried everything to fix, but nothing has help",27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1922,Samantha Mc,"September 30, 2022","Twitter updated while I was in the app yesterday, and now DM's are terrible! Gifs glitch, I continue to get phone notifications for the DM I am currently in while I'm in it, links to other Twitter things go to a web page instead of opening it in the app. There are so many issues! Nearly all of them seem to be related to DMs. Please fix this It is driving me crazy and it has only been 12 hours.",17 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1923,Naqibah Yussof,"September 22, 2022",I always have an issue with this app when it come to notifications and posting tweets or picture. It really hard to keep tab with the latest news. I really want to have a smooth experince using twitter but somehow all I get is 'uploading tweet' notifications for 2 days straight.,20 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1924,farhmie rou,"November 21, 2022","I can't find an edit option once I tweet something and need to do some bit of editing to the tweet, Help🙌! It was a bit difficult signing up,especially on the part where I needed to get the code during signing up process.But I guess it was ,not sure,but maybe it was because Twitter was in a buy out process so it wasn't accepting new users,that's what I thought.Since I was able to sign in into my new account things have been going great with Twitter and me.So yeah,the experience has been good.",52 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1925,Tracy Thomas,"September 7, 2022","The last update has a lot of issues. I can't see any pictures (posted, article or even profile pics). Cleared cache, restarted phone, etc. Nothing has resolved the issue. UPDATE: I even uninstalled and re-installed but the issue perisists.",28 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1926,Fernando Aguero,"October 6, 2022","The app updated without asking for one, although I don't mind a new layout, I use this app to talk to close friends but I don't always get notified when they text me. Have to close the app to have a higher chance to receive them.",27 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1927,amitky968,"December 25, 2022","Why don't you accept any phone number, I tried every phone number but it always shows problem with it, and you repeatedly suspend my account without any issue, atleast 5-10 verification comes in a day that am I robot or not, I'm tired to verify it all the time, if I register with email than again problem starts and it asks for phone no, how can I register with phone number if I don't have, so why you allowed me to register with email if you would regester me with phone number, worst application.",498 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1928,Ohasuonu Philip,"February 18, 2023",Since I have been using the App I have not experienced glitches with it. It's been a smooth run.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1929,Sarah Coelho,"February 3, 2023",Even after having an account in Twitter with my email id. I am not able to login. It is saying my email id is not matching. How is it possible? I had just changed my password and I was logged out,0,1,twitter
1930,NEHA1222,"October 29, 2022",45 second videos! Really? About a week ago I was able to upload videos up to 2 minutes. Now I can't upload a video longer than 45 seconds. Not only that but Twitter chooses the portion of the video you can upload so I can't even move it around to edit which section I want to upload. In addition Twitter introduced Twitter stories which I thought was a great feature. Then they decide to remove the feature. Please update and fix these issues. This is getting ridiculous day by day.,38 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1931,Luis Arteaga,"January 21, 2023","Twitter has been amazing to use. There is so many community's of wonderful people, I personally have had a great experience with Twitter. But I think that's because I'm not on stan-twitter where everyone takes everything personally. Stay away stan-twitter and all these fan group's and you will love Twitter as much as I do! ❤️",0,5,twitter
1932,Anna Hall,"September 9, 2022","I have the same issue that have other users have recently been flagging; that the app opens and shows a blank feed, it is unresponsive and you can't do or see anything. I've uninstalled, reinstalled, restarted phone and cleared cache and data. I have a Google Pixel phone",25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1933,samuel peter,"December 28, 2022","Recovering an account is not easy on Twitter....the process is hectic, I lost my mobile phone, that why isn't there an option to recover through Gmail which i registered with you keep sending code to my lost contact......there should be an option for recovery either by Gmail or by mobile....",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1934,Kelvin McKekih,"November 30, 2022","Poor update, videos don't auto play anymore, tapping on the play button is difficult. Video still keeps on playing after it's closed,it only stops after the app is restarted. Everything about this update sucks",27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1935,SebInGreen05,"February 18, 2023","Let's forget about toxic users. The app has some of annoying things, but the most annoying is when you are scrolling far enough & see the post, you will get auto refresh. We don't want auto-refresh, but not just the app itself is horrendous, but also the website too, it's just the same thing, but worse. Twitter is shameful",45 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1936,Pete Richardson,"December 16, 2022",New to the app. Desired to try it since Musk took over. Like it. Taking a little bit to learn how to navigate. Getting the hand of it,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1937,Ian Dunkerly,"February 1, 2023","App is really going downhill, lots of usability issue that make it a painful experience.",0,1,twitter
1938,nash jonas,"January 23, 2023",self sabotage on an unimaginable scale- they replaced the location of the like button with the useless view count. vile decision.,0,1,twitter
1939,TheJoker,"January 26, 2023",After the recent app update can no longer dm anyone I don't already have a Convo with. The dm button on profile pages is gone. FIX ASAP!!!,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1940,Faheem Ullah,"September 23, 2022",Very Bad. I can't upload any video even in small size and 20 sec too. Which is very bad and waste of time if it is not working. And also the App stuck sometimes. And the App news feed uploading very slow and late too.,32 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1941,abstractMaverick,"September 19, 2022",Closed captions is extremely annoying and oversized covering up 1/3rds of the video and it's impossible to turn off I click the cc button only for it to pop up again just put it in the twitter accessibility settings like everything else is and keep it off videos when it's switched to off!,31 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1942,Emilayne Cruz,"December 18, 2022","My account was automatic log out but when I log in it says that ""We cannot send text messeges to this phone number"". Please help me to retrieve my account",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1943,TheUnknownDanish,"December 14, 2022",Now that Elon musk has taken over this app there's a lot more freedom than there used to be. I have had no issues with the app so if others are complaining it's probably their phones that aren't working or they're just putting negative reviews for the hell of it.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1944,Nur Zulaikha Abdullah Harun,"January 18, 2023","I saw with my own eyes my liked tweet unlike themselves.. i can't see replies. The tweet views is horrible, and the app is very buggy.. i also can't see my own tweet as it shows tweet not available and can't translate other language tweets",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1945,Mason Epenenter,"January 9, 2023",Never had a problem until last week. Now the app constantly freezes and crashes.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1946,Chukwudum Ikenna,"January 24, 2023",This immediate upade happens to make this app difficult to use. It doesn't load and retrieve tweet. I regretted updating the app. Please don't update yours for now.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1947,Dean Francis,"September 8, 2022","Pixel 6, yesterday app stopped showing content with only a blank box. Allows login, shows all icons. Nothing responds to taps. Cleared cache, and data, restarted multiple times, uninstall/reinstall multiple times as well. It's broken.",26 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1948,Femi Gaji,"September 24, 2022","It's an all round great app, but I just wonder why it's near impossible to condition what I want my timeline to look like. Even when I make sure to follow specific accounts, everything I don't want to see somehow manages to get to my feed through suggested topics. Kindly look into this.",14 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1949,Skotti Zexx,"January 7, 2023",Random refreshing is annoying. Articles disappear and are replaced just as fast. Please fix it,0,2,twitter
1950,Dan Pagliarini,"September 8, 2022","Completely broken after last update. Cleared cache, uninstalled, etc but freezes immediately upon opening. Worked fine yesterday. This am, saw a message introducing a ""new feature"" with a ""what the #!&$ is that"" overlay.",20 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1951,John Mark Aguila,"February 6, 2023",Latest update shows no message icon to new followers. What's the sense of following them if you can't send a message to them? Lol,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1952,DG,"December 17, 2022",When Twitter wants to provide some honest information about what their updates are for I might update it. If not I'll probably uninstall it. Update: uninstalled it. Update: reinstalled it.,2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1953,Tim_Mae,"December 25, 2022",Very hard to find news now with my feed having so many recommended things included. Not liking the direction they are going instead of simplyfing/streamlining things,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1954,Pattabi Raman,"December 25, 2022",Lost my account access due to 2FA malfunction. Created new account. Multiple tweets' Audio keeps playing even after moving on to other tweets. Android app is buggy.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1955,Krishan Dhiman,"December 22, 2022",Unable to login. When I try to login it says Can't send message on this number. Operator not supported. Also tried login on computer but the same issue,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1956,Dan Mott,"January 12, 2023",The app freezes whenever I follow someone. Has to be force closed and re-opened. Otherwise it's good.,0,4,twitter
1957,Ashlee Lucas,"January 30, 2023","Long as elon owns,, I'm 0 star. Downloaded the app, simply to hate on elon.. Here's the thing, never opened, never posted, never ANYTHING,,,i get OVER 70 notifications a day!!! For a non active twitter acct!!! Never even dl'd twitter. I get that many notifs!!!!",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1958,Nithin A,"February 5, 2023","The app and its UI is excellent. The only problem I have is that there should be a ""default"" option in interested topics so that we can see tweets of important topics. Thanking you...",41 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1959,Yash,"December 3, 2022",why did you have to change video settings... now i have to click on play button even after pressing on the video... plus the double press forward/backward is totally gone now... pls revert back to original video features... it wasn't great but now it has gone from worse to worst.,28 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1960,Jesse Jace Thomas,"December 3, 2022","Basic functionality issues, as well as poor implementation of recommendation algorithm. When I send feedback that I'm not interested in a Tweet the app has shown me despite me not following the tweeter, I end up seeing more from the same person within days.",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1961,Dino Girolametto,"December 18, 2022","Now that the platform is more balanced, and isnt one sided in regards to different opinions on subjects, it definitely is a more enjoyable playform to use",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1962,L. Lippi,"December 16, 2022","Literally stopped working, crashes every time I open an app. Upd 16.12.2022. ""Thanks"" for blocking access for ukrainians, never gonna use twitter again. After Musk bought it, it became terrible as hell.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1963,Jakub Paszynski,"January 7, 2023","I love the app, but the support is horrible. I try to unlock my account and the form system did not work, it would loaf for way to long at the support is just bad. Twitter please fix your support l.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
1964,Mark Hilbush,"February 1, 2023",This app is a hot mess. I want my 3rd party app back. I rarely use Twitter any more ever since Elon cut off the API.,0,1,twitter
1965,Syko Yshuldi,"October 27, 2022","Would be higher, but every update removes features. Instead of making it better, it gets worse. Now, users can't turn off auto-play on videos or gifs. Loathe things just playing on their own. Paid features is bs, especially with as many ads as they display.",28 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1966,Chenavisa Tarigan,"December 17, 2022",I can't regain access to my account for a week. I can't lagin even though all of my data are correct. And I don't see any sign of Twitter to fix this.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1967,Jessie Milia,"December 21, 2022",Its obvious that Musky man fired most of the tech employees because the app constantly crashes. I was only still around to watch it crash & burn.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1968,drzmuhammed,"December 28, 2022",The text focused interface is what attracts me towards Twitter. More focus to people or their consciousness/thoughts. I would love to have following feature. Draft or scheduled tweets,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
1969,AlvinJaymes “JayAlvinJj” Arcega,"November 6, 2022","screen either logs or freezes or difficult panning down. their is no way to control or limit feeds and subscriptions or follow up, so system would not freeze or slow down. (kinda flakey lately. old versions seems to be better and just fine. slow downloads.)",47 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1970,Moses Mabuza,"January 15, 2023",The new update basically means Twitter is forcing you to see tweets from people and things you don't follow. Give us the opportunity to choose whether or not we want the app to recommend tweets for us.,0,1,twitter
1971,syed amjad,"December 22, 2022",This is very disappointing that we can't unsuspend our account with our emails it is very sad to say i was very happy to use to Twitter as it is very informative but i tried to reach out the support team there are very slow no proper response please help me to reset my account,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1972,Jamie Terrell,"January 27, 2023","Great app, stay connected with friends anywhere in the world. A vast array of topics to entertain, educate and inspire Kudos Google 👏",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1973,Lavy Lav,"November 29, 2022","Honestly, I used to be a regular user of this app. I had multiple accounts for several different interest/communities I was into. Twitter was never perfect but it let me stay in contact with the people I enjoyed being around. I even met my girlfriend through a mutual follower we shared on twitter. Recently, ownership has changed, and the quality of the app has plummeted. Glitches have become more prominent and the owner is welcoming back accounts previously banned for hate speech/misinformation",37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1974,james bowen,"February 13, 2023",Tried creating an account and after doing what t said every single time I am still yet to create one it kept saying something went wrong.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1975,Jamel Villagen,"February 10, 2023","I using this up for almost 3years but then this year is the worst to use this app because you can't send DM to others, even suspension are everywhere. PLEASE BACK THE OLD TWITTER",0,3,twitter
1976,Tahir Sharif Ch,"January 27, 2023","Excellent but in searching when we click, it starts giving news feed which is annoying please workout this feature.",0,5,twitter
1977,Alex Alieu Kamara,"February 18, 2023",The app is simple and is basically a one in all tool in terms of entertainment and news.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
1978,Derya Özgenç,"January 19, 2023","The new updates are terrible, closing lots of accounts that are active and you don't know when it will allow you to log in lots of accs... It sucks",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1979,Shimadoo Ahile,"January 18, 2023","It has been good. Easy to navigate. But we need to be able to download videos except this is a security measure thing. Oh yeah, and stop refreshing my timeline when I am still checking out old tweets",14 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1980,jeff roberts,"January 20, 2023","Need setting to change ""following"" as default. Would also like to remove the ""new tweets"" banner at top. Currently have to close app and re-open to remove that",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1981,Bill Yelenak,"January 23, 2023","Latest change to force ""For You"" tab on everyone with no way to disable is so counter to what Twitter should be with curiating your own news. Just an awful design choice. This app is glitchy and terrible on top of that.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1982,abyan syafiq,"October 16, 2022","Sometimes when my friend texted me, the notification didn't came up. When I opened twitter and click at the DMs there's no unread messages. It has been read without me clicking on the conversations. This made me anxious because I thought my friend would think I'm not answering them. Please fix this bug.",37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
1983,Hazel Cayao,"September 10, 2022","I have been using twitter for years now and I had the greatest experience, but lately I've encountered this issue that everytime I open the app it take a very long time for the pictures and videos to load, I had q great internet connection here in my house the other apps I have no trouble viewing the vids and pica instantly, but here in twitter it really takes a long time to load why is that?",20 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1984,Marvin Robinson,"February 18, 2023","As of late the app hasn't been showing most of my notifications, so I end up missing reactions from my followers.",4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
1985,Nick Roman,"December 5, 2022","Your new layout design is a shame! So much empty unused space under profile picture, what a waste. Huge minus: most of text under the big right hand finger which makes it so difficult to read. Fire those from your staff who brought this mess on our screens!",40 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1986,Kara Ichi,"February 7, 2023","I can't even join a community because i can't be invited and i can't even click the link. Whenever i click link, it gets me back from where i am from. It's really frustrating, please fix this asap.",0,1,twitter
1987,Taylor N. S. Hope,"December 31, 2022","I like the Twitter app, but I am now unable to see any direct messages and tweets that are sent to me from my husband. It's been very frustrating. Please help.",0,4,twitter
1988,Nunu 2pretty,"February 3, 2023","I LOVE Twitter. My fanbase is off the charts, more than TikTok and Instagram. EASY MONEY and you don't even have to pay for the app 💯 BEST APP EVERR",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
1989,FuneeMunky,"December 30, 2022",This app is barely usable now. It forces you to refresh otherwise it just repeats posts until you do so I can't even scroll for more than 10 minutes worth of Tweets.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1990,Khaled Bahabri,"January 26, 2023",FIX THE SPACE ISSUE!!! It kicks me out the app when i join a space to listen!!!! My phone is galaxy note 20 ultra 5g and the software is up to date,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1991,Floyd & Lisa Anderson,"January 27, 2023",I just recently downloaded the app again. I deleted the app during the beginning of the Plandemic. So we shall see. I do think better of Elon now as well. Wasn't sure about him before.,0,4,twitter
1992,Lucas Adam,"December 23, 2022","App has been coming apart at the seams lately- long load times, points where nothing loads at all, DM's not always functioning.",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1993,Monica S,"December 27, 2022",Having trouble uploading photos. I also wish that view count could be an option to turn off.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1994,Jxsh,"January 23, 2023","You can easily get suspended for hardly anything, often a misinterpretation on their end. I am suddenly permanently suspended and they won't tell me what I did wrong. Please do not even consider downloading this app",0,1,twitter
1995,KB G,"November 20, 2022","Love this app except for when videos don't appear after I've clicked on them, only a blank page, or when a video plays and you exit the sound keeps playing until you exit the app. Otherwise it's a wonderful app.",45 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
1996,Yuri Gaming,"January 10, 2023",I only rate 1 star because when you save a photo refresh I have some problem all the time you need to upgrade this because this is not ok at all though i have problem all the time,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1997,Anuoluwapo Becca,"December 19, 2022",Can't login into my account after using my email to reset password and yet is telling me 'cant send text to this number and it's not supported but an using email .. pls help me solve this.,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
1998,Blanch Pepito,"February 13, 2023","Annoying app. I can't even put my password because it always says ""no network connection"" even if my wifi is decent",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
1999,Ogunyinka Moses,"December 23, 2022","Each time I hold unto a text to copy it, it highlights black that doesn't allow me see the text I'm trying to copy. I hope elon himself sees this😂",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2000,Jasmyn Recinos,"December 26, 2022",The app has become increasingly messy and unsightly to use. Recent update is fully unreadable and renders the site unusable.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2001,Joshua Sibley,"October 14, 2022",Very easy to use and I really appreciate the lack of ads and other intrusive features that certain other social media hubs leaned into. My only complaint would be that the 'you may like' and 'recommended' posts sometimes come up way too often when I would rather just see posts from more of the accounts I already follow.,45 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2002,Julio Cruz,"January 31, 2023","I am not interested in seeing posts ""for me"". I want to see the actual feed from people or pages I actually follow. Change it back. There was nothing wrong with it in the first place.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2003,Aryan Bhati,"December 22, 2022",Have issues with login Two factor authentication not working anymore I am unable to login my account it always says we cannot send text messages to this phone number because the operator is not supported what the hell is this,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2004,Ajay Bhosale,"February 20, 2023",earlier version was better because I am able to see various trends across different categories but now I am only able to see some limited trends.,0,1,twitter
2005,Usama Mahmood,"December 20, 2022",App is basically deteriorating and has random bugs and glitches that are very annoying to put up with.,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2006,Liina Lonn,"January 24, 2023","The latest update where the views are where the like button used to be is absolutely horrible and you should stop with the views already, nobody wants to see them while scrolling.",0,1,twitter
2007,Dion Bergeron,"November 29, 2022","Now that ownership has changed hands, Twitter is beginning to be the public square it was designed and intended to be. While not perfect, Elon Musk has fundamentally changed the landscape for the better. I'm excited for the future of this app and what it means for free communication between people. While it's still a bit early to tell for sure, it looks as though the days of shadowbanning, censorship, and suspensions for no reason are behind us on Twitter. Thumbs up!",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2008,Galina Posypailo,"January 16, 2023","It's turning into Facebook with a useless ""you might like"" feature flooding the timeline with completely irrelevant tweets.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2009,Trash Pandicorn,"November 4, 2022","On a good day it's a glitchy mess that at least shows me funny tweets. On a bad day I consider deleting my profile and the app. The timeline not being chronological means I miss content from the people I follow, basic functions like CC are either broken or missing entirely, and the influx of bigots due to the recent change in management makes this app unfun and practically unusable (not to mention that it is difficult to follow up on reports you make and it barely seems to ever have an effect).",33 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2010,erwin morrow,"December 28, 2022","They ended censorship and I can read my interests, as I assume those with different views can also. Very refreshing 8n modern times.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2011,Ash许,"September 6, 2022","when I try to go to the frequently used gifs tab, it just loads and never shows up, even after refreshing and closing the app. the other features work fine it's just that the frequently used gifs cannot be accessed and I find it quite frustrating if I have to spend more time to search for gifs that I use frequently",14 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2012,Andy J,"January 21, 2023","Should have better quality videos, show more recently posted tweets, and have an easier method to pin a tweet. Still my favorite social media app (I'm focused on information).",0,4,twitter
2013,Sergio Escobar,"January 16, 2023","""You might like"" tweets have over populated the app and it's really frustrating to use, I think this is time to abandon ship.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2014,Dhio Athlon,"January 3, 2023","Bruh my account that already 8 years+ been used got locked because I didn't meet the age recruitment??? Did your bot think I created my account when I was 3 years old? And the help center only loading when I go to help center with locked account problem, fix your system.",0,1,twitter
2015,Pius Ebninzoe,"January 24, 2023","Hi, everyone the Twitter app is good and i have liked it because it doesn't disturbe like freezing or not responding. Thanks for the app to the owners.",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2016,Legitti,"December 27, 2022","The fact you need to wait another week to get re-verified should be illegal, first waited week... Got verified and wanted to try NFT profile pic, now waiting for another week just for that. Our of the 14 days of begin subscribed, I was verified for ONE day. Def. Not feeling like scam",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2017,Oluwaseun Aderogba,"October 10, 2022","Great App I particularly ❤ the pinned feature. I would be great to have multiple options on the like, allows for showing pleasure(satisfaction), saddness and progress. With that we don't just click the like without expression of our feelings. That will be great to see",70 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2018,Kannur Krishna Kumar,"February 17, 2023","Why this issue happened for me even I couldnt raise the issue in twitter, couldn't tweet a single tweet. Facing problem so much from yesterday while writing a tweet it shows an issue. Please resolve it soon.",0,2,twitter
2019,IceboundCat6,"January 18, 2023","Feed randomly resets to top while scrolling through someone's profile. Sometimes a dozen posts randomly load on my tl, forcing the tweet I was reading to the bottom.",5 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2020,Hikari Hanazono,"October 11, 2022","I don't know what happened but my app has been extremely buggy and it came worse after the recent update. Changing profiles are very difficult, Twitter circles are not appearing when I opt to tweet something, and my likes are very buggy too. Please fix these issues asap.",23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2021,Lvne Gcha,"January 10, 2023","I waited so long for the verification number, and i didn't get it. Instead, i got a ""we cant register this number right now"". Pretty good app i guess..",0,3,twitter
2022,Andy Smith,"January 22, 2023",Timeline completely messed up since the introduction of For You and Following. Lots of repeated tweets in both each time I update. A complete mess.,6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2023,sharon yalah,"February 20, 2023",Can we be allowed to decide our own font style and the changes made recently are really annoying.,0,1,twitter
2024,Ilenia D'Apolito,"January 22, 2023","Editing this because if i could rate this app less than zero stars i would, the analitycs function has to go away it doesn't matter where you place it it belongs to the trash make it go away.",0,1,twitter
2025,Semambo Richard Troy,"October 21, 2022","I appreciate all of the updates and innovations made to this fantastic app. A lot has changed. I'm having a great time here. But I'm still having problems with the message box. When I try to scroll down in the conservation texts, it goes black. Please correct it.",22 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2026,Kemar McKenzie,"January 30, 2023","Many hiccups I had were ironed out. No more crashes, and it seems weirdly smoother while scrolling 🤔",0,5,twitter
2027,John Schleppy,"November 29, 2022","It's good for business coupon codes, but that's about it. Otherwise it's a place to mislead, complain and put down others for a fleeting rush of rage. Engaging in this brings no fulfillment so nothing to do but be a fly on the wall and get coupon codes. Not at all like a town square. More like an angry version of RetailMeNot.",29 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2028,Cat Whisperer,"December 28, 2022",After years of inactivity I'm back on Twitter because of new ownership! Although this is a new account because I got locked out of catwhisperer100. It is asking me for my phone number which I will not give to anything online! I did not use the app on the old acct btw.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2029,Luningning Coronel,"February 7, 2023",Photos and videos are not loading. But when I open it through browser it's all fine,0,2,twitter
2030,Joseph Wood jr,"November 3, 2022","Still needs features after all these years. 1) The app doesn't allow me to scroll down to see all of the people I am following, so I have to use the mobile website. 2) I am following around 2500 politicians, organizations & parties. I started putting them in lists. Due to having to use the mobile website, I am unable to tell when I've reached the limit of the number of people that can go on lists per day. Disabling the add to list / add friend buttons would be helpful when limits are reached.",45 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2031,Pernell Celestine,"January 2, 2023",Pretty good but there's room for improvement. The Twitter blue push is meh. Twitter would have to provide a lot more for me to pay $8.,0,4,twitter
2032,Daniel Fox,"November 5, 2022","Great platform that could be better with some innovation. Long form videos to be a rival to YouTube would make it awesome, especially with mostly free speech instituted. I'm unhappy that major accounts haven't been reinstated as midterms are coming up soon and that's an important time to have free speech in the town square of Twitter.",20 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2033,Opener of the Way,"December 5, 2022",Twitter is fantastic. It has vastly improved since 2009. Spaces lets me create content in the moment. My account has plenty of connexions even though very new. I enjoy interactions with friends and new people. Lots of fun pictures and vids.,48 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2034,Allan Mwau,"February 8, 2023",UI. I would like tweets arrangements be made with the latest first. This new update just isn't it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2035,Sahila Amrina,"September 30, 2022",I dont want my timeline shows me sth related to my searches. Sometimes i just type sth which made me curious for once but twitter keep serving the tweet that i dont want to show. Its okay if theres an option to filter what to show based on previous searches but in fact ITS NOTHING!!! I have to get rid of it one by one. Its so annoying and needs some efforts. Twitter fix this and i think better to erase that feature. Useless,14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2036,Sher Gul official,"January 8, 2023","Can't receive Otp on my phone, I can't login into my account because I don't receive otp on my phone, its been three days now, I contacted support team and they didn't even help.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2037,Erika,"September 3, 2022","There's no notification sometimes for new comments/interactions or messages. Please fix this bug. I have noticed the copy paste feature changed. Please bring back the previous one, embedding video was easier than the recent update. Please bring it back.",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2038,Eman Emmanuel,"February 10, 2023",Cant see any images or video. the app is not working anymore. time to delete it,0,1,twitter
2039,Michael Flood,"December 26, 2022",Failed to send tweet. Not available for anything. Try again later ... Repeating error messages and not doing anything else.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2040,Peter Hoff,"January 24, 2023","This app is totally falling apart. Haven't been able to read DMs for over a month, and now I apparently can't even send tweets.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2041,Jomo Njenga,"December 24, 2022",Incredible content and topics can be found on the app and the option of choosing subjects one is interested in....,4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2042,Angelia,"September 9, 2022","The app has been partially broken since I updated my Pixel 4 to Android 13. Since Tuesdays update, it doesn't work at all. The screen is blank except for the bottom buttons, and none of them do anything when tapping them.",21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2043,Rod Maxwell,"January 4, 2023",The app is constantly crashing and requires the full data to be cleared to make it work even for a short time.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2044,Philip Montgomery,"February 1, 2023","Becoming an horrific mess. The current messaging section is a example of horrendous UI/UX, what on earth were they thinking",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2045,U. Wünsch,"January 22, 2023","App used to be fine. But the 3rd party apps were and are better. Now the APIs were disabled. I am not going back to this app again, byyyeee",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2046,Nadiah Nad,"January 2, 2023","After update my Twitter keep hanging , why? I have to open & close many times and sometimes I have to restart my phone lol. Such a wasting time. Help!",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2047,A Google user,"February 17, 2023","Why is there no Rock & Roll, Heavy Metal, Alternative Rock options in your music catagory with artists like Black Sabbath, Metallica, 5 Finger Death Punch, Ozzy Osbourne, Hail Storm, & many others? Update: 2/17/2023, just because someone types deleted Facebook in their post doesn't mean the post is about Facebook, or if someone puts me or PS5, does not make it about PS5.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2048,d &,"November 3, 2022","The part in which we can interact with each other is perfect. But lately I have been facing issues related to account management. It literally locked 3 of my accounts and there was no reason to. It said that I had violated the rules of Twitter but I haven't even tweeted a single thing. And when I try to log in into those accounts, it forces me to enter both phone no. and email and when I do, it says that I have already entered them in another account. I lost 3 of my accounts.",42 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2049,BigGunn (BigGunnLP),"December 26, 2022",Constantly freezes when I try to tweet. Have to close and reopen four or five times. Also Elon sucks.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2050,Susan Cochran,"February 6, 2023",I Love it. I was curious not something I've ever really cared for but Elon has made it the best social media app!,5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2051,Timmy Fox,"January 23, 2023","This ""For you"" thing is BS. It wastes unnecessary screen space and kept forcing bad algorithmic stuff I don't want. Let me at least make ""Following"" the default....",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2052,jenna lockser,"December 26, 2022","an okay app. it would be great if we can edit our tweets after posting it. also, please let us have the option to switch off twitter views😭 i do not need to see how many people have ignored my tweets",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2053,first last,"September 6, 2022","I *WISH* that you would finally fix the issue where (sometimes) when you join a space you can't hear audio until you go to app settings and ""force stop"" and then relaunch the app and join the space again. This happens like 5+ times a day to me. 🙃",21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2054,Terrence Lee,"October 23, 2022","I dislike the new update on Twitter. My issue is whenever i tap into the video, i can't enjoy the full view because of the caption. When i try tapping to make the caption go away it pause instead. Smh.. please go back the way it was before.",27 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2055,James Bennett,"January 30, 2023",Latest update has issues with images. They're slow to load or don't load at all.,11 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2056,Tam Joel,"December 30, 2022",Cant even sign up. You guys keep telling me I cant sign up. I have used over 3 email addresses and two phone numbers but yet you keep refusing. Am disappointed.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2057,Fergus Murray,"December 11, 2022","Badly designed app for a site that once had a bunch of important redeeming features, but which is now primarily a platform for hateful propaganda.",8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2058,Hardik Ostwal,"January 7, 2023",Check 2 factor authentication code message not receiving on my phone from many days. I am unable to login to my twitter account. Check that. Thanks problem solved.,0,5,twitter
2059,Chin Kar Horng,"December 4, 2022","Twitter, I'm having a frustrating time regarding the notification alert. after each alert which i attended to. the alert symbol doesn't want to clear away, until i have to force it to clear, it been few months, it wasn't fixed.",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2060,lulu licious,"February 17, 2023",Sending video could do with some improvement on being more user friendly. Pls add edit option for Photos sent .,0,4,twitter
2061,Kingsley Tengue,"January 11, 2023",I regret downloading this app ...i have been trying to create an account but as soon as i pressed next ...the whole screen becomes white ..blank ...ive been waiting but still nothing...im really disappointed,0,1,twitter
2062,Marinette,"October 12, 2022","I updated the app because I thought it is the problem BUT the problem still kept repeating. It is logging out of all the accounts on its own and it's hard to log in, it won't let me log in after many attempts. What's happening twitter???",33 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2063,neeraj chhabra,"December 24, 2022","Not able to login . Continuous error message ""You have exceeded the number of allowed attempts to verify your phone. Please try again later."" Someone help @twitter @twitterSupport",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2064,PAUL ORNYAR,"December 26, 2022","I hate being delivered notifications hours after the events take place, and that's what Twitter does to me. My barely two months stay on the app isn't worse than this, so I give it 4 stars. I'll not hesitate to update my rating as time goes on.",4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2065,Bellsie S,"February 2, 2023","Dont bother updating, everything's going downhill since El0n Moosk takes over. Bad updates, horrendous features, just upsetting in general.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2066,John Cramer,"January 20, 2023",I use Twitter to see things in chronological order... Why can I no longer set that as the default option? The Home feed is useless.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2067,Paramveer Plaha,"December 12, 2022","Pretty fun and educative social media platform, specially now after recent improvements (removal of bots, more transparency and less biased censorship).",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2068,Michael Turner,"December 13, 2022",Works smoothly... nice online community if you're willing to find people you want to interact with. Easy to block the others.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2069,Zach Goins,"October 28, 2022",Ok so there is a few things wrong. One this app is having trouble sending Tweets. Two. This app is having major trouble with Sending DMs it keeps saying sending I have to re send the dm. And lastly it keeps saying can not veiw tweets or send messages like brah I'm connected to the wifi or service. Please fix this issues!,36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2070,okikiade adewuyi,"February 14, 2023","The is what it is, give freedom of speech a lift and informations of different circles can be find in there! It's serene and hot at same time!",0,5,twitter
2071,† Adre Chan †,"February 2, 2023","I don't care about what other people like, I want to see the posts of the people I follow. The ""following"" page is a MESS, it shows 1/3 of the posts, I have to manually check the profiles to see what they have posted. What a disgusting service. You should be ashamed.",29 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2072,Md Sabbir Ahamed,"February 2, 2023",The new update was very bad I can't found the message option and it's doesn't allow to create a profile there,0,2,twitter
2073,Inayah,"October 3, 2022","I CAN'T SWITCH MY ACCOUNT! IT'S SO ANNOYING, I UPDATED THE APP BUT STILL DOESN'T WORK. And i can't make a moment from my phone on Google or from my desktop, it doesn't work. I really hate it, it's make me uncomfortable. Now after update the app I can't open my DM, nothing show it, bug. It's annoying",22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2074,A Google user,"November 22, 2022","Dead and gutted, and very much a lesser experience now. The news feed is literally just whatever phrases their ai algorithm boosts, not actual articles or threads anymore. It's more like a dictionary now, really. No real use for it now, unless you're one of those folks who have a strange, fetishistic obsession with it's owner.",42 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2075,No Centz,"February 8, 2023",Why is nothing loading in on twitter? No messages...can't comment.cant do anything to my account.. what the hell is going on? Zero notifications on my account being disabled.,0,1,twitter
2076,Antti Eemeli,"January 24, 2023","The new dual feed ""For you / Following"" takes ages to load and sometimes requires swiping to get to the newest tweets. Pls fix, annoying AF.",3 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2077,Andrew Dwumfuor,"January 23, 2023",Fix the app first before new features! 1 - You scroll through a Profile and interact with videos or images along the way. After a few interactions you are sent to the top of the profile again. Not where you were. This is the same for viewing followers too. 2 - Videos still don't work. You get 10 seconds in and the image will freeze whilst sound keeps going. The image may catch up if your lucky. Then the video will freeze all together. 3 - Bot Accounts! Reporting seems to do nothing.,0,2,twitter
2078,Lucky Dhiman,"December 21, 2022",From past 3 days i am not able to login into my another id because of 2FA code is not receiving on my phone while logging it shows error that operator is not supported. Mailed so many times but got no relevant answer from yours side,4 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2079,Robert Felmey,"November 30, 2022",Recently Twitter has become a really amazing platform. It seems to have started becoming a great community after recent leadership changes. Great engagement between users now and much of an improvement over the past... Looking forward to seeing more great things.,48 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2080,Catherine Curtis,"February 8, 2023","For the past few days this APP keeps crashing when commenting on tweets, update: it's now not letting me reply to tweets or re-tweet.",0,1,twitter
2081,Darren Tiew,"January 11, 2023",It's super inconvenient to search for people to add into twitter circle even with their twitter id. Please just allow us to add them from their profile.,3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2082,Brennan Timiney,"October 7, 2022","A recent update has made it impossible to get past the login page. I use a Samsung Galaxy A51 and as of this morning 10/7/22 I cannot log in to my Twitter. Whenever I open the app I get a pop-up asking you to log in with Google, and when I do, it tries to log in, but then boots me back to the login page and gives me the same pop-up. I tried to log in manually, putting in my username and password myself, but it did the same thing. I don't know what happened, but I can't use Twitter now.",27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2083,Pokemon Boy13,"February 16, 2023",After logging in with email address it wants to send a message with my phone number and when I type it.....the verification code doesn't sent Please fix this,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2084,iNtha Tainment,"October 25, 2022","Awesome app, great interface and very easy to navigate and customize to users specifications. I'm Also very happy with the security levels that have been made available to the user considering all the cyber crime these days. Great work! Thanks!",75 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2085,SKZHyunini,"September 23, 2022",I have a continuous number on top of the DM icon but all my messages have been opened so there aren't any new ones; the app has been updated and force closing doesn't make it disappear. I hope the bug goes away soon,397 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2086,Mariam Ayub,"December 20, 2022","After it's yesterday update I am facing severe issues with the application. It keeps on crashing and I can't write posts or comments before 3,4 crashes",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2087,Zachary,"August 31, 2022",Put an actual setting in the settings to turn off captions. The caption button is gone now and I can't turn off captions. very annoying. Actually develop a feature properly before you just throw it in your app maybe,21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2088,Kanati,"November 3, 2022","Been locked out of my main account from October 26, my intial appeal was reject immediately. I have not since and now received a case number to gain access to my main account. And even through BBB I have only received automated messages from the app/site itself. And since the app/site has no contact information, I'm only left with the assumption that my account is being held hostage. It has been extremely aggrivating and support is basically useless.",34 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2089,Sarwagya Raj Pandey,"September 19, 2022","Twitter is a bench mark in micro blogging and has transitioned well over the years. Its not as flashy as Facebook or Instagram, and maintains a very stripped down interface that is simple yet doesn't feel limited as it continues to evolve.",26 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2090,A Kelley,"February 5, 2023",My star thing in the corner has been gone for weeks and my tweets are all over the place. Can't change them. I get stuff from 15 hrs ago then 2 hrs. Just a mess,0,3,twitter
2091,Katrina Diaz,"January 20, 2023","After all the craziness of Elons takeover I have found less bots and more people actually engaging in meaningful debate. But, that is dependent on your personal use of Twitter. I like it and will continue to use it over the other socials, especially now. Is Twitter cool again? Yes, if you're a human being. Elon-sama notice me senpai!",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2092,Roger Ruiz,"September 8, 2022","Latest update completely broke the app for me. It opens but then freezes on a blank white screen. I've wiped the app, uninstalled and reinstalled, rebooted my phone and the problem still exists. App is utterly unusable at this point.",60 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2093,Randy Miller,"December 30, 2022",I enjoy Twitter interactions with the creators and other visitors. It is very easy to navigate I would recommend it highly to anyone keep improving and doing what you are doing thank you very much R. Miller 81,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2094,Lulu The Fnaf Wolf,"February 18, 2023",Why does Twitter asked me to verify my phone number when every phone number that I put in says that it's invalid? That makes it impossible for me to talk to my friends on this app.,0,3,twitter
2095,Gareth Brewin,"November 15, 2022","It's becoming awkward to navigate. Half the time now,I don't know if I'm reading a post or being spammed with ad's and bot accounts. Hopefully it'll get tidied up somehow. I doubt it though,as that would require planning and a bit of effort.",91 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2096,Erika JA Oliveros,"December 30, 2022","Too much bugs. I can't watch videos properly, the fame freezes but the audio continues",7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2097,Mogen Naidoo,"December 26, 2022",Improved and intuitive experience. Design is also eye catching.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2098,David Rucker,"December 16, 2022","This app just keeps getting worse. Feeds are glitchy, people getting banned for being critical of Musk, verification is meaningless, bots are still rampant, and more problematic figures/speech on the rise. You are better off looking for a different app.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2099,SUPREME FF,"December 11, 2022",Please fix my problem. My feed is filled with japanes or chinese captions and videos. L changed the language l changed everything to english and still is the same. Help me Nvrm l fixed it myself.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2100,Ro Ta,"December 31, 2022",I stopped using Twitter a few years ago but recently am trying it again. Seems to be more responsive and better. Hope it stays that way.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2101,Diane Wade,"December 16, 2022",The app has degraded significantly. Several news media accounts have been expelled from the app and there are constant attacks from right wing bots. You have to be very careful not to tweet something the owner dislikes or he will suspend you. No free speech. Horrible app...,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2102,Ben Pearson,"November 19, 2022","Welp, I just wanted to see what all the fus was about. So, I decided, ""why not all give it a try"". I'd like to give a good review, but I can't. Because a few hours after creating the account, my account is locked. I've read a few tweets, one article and left one comment. This some how triggered a suspicious activity warning and locked the account. Currently I'm trying to fight through the bots to get my account either unlocked or deactivated.",35 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2103,Ghost W,"February 1, 2023","Very disgusting app, cannot even normally create a new account without getting banned or blocked, also i had big trouble with adding my number while signing up",0,1,twitter
2104,satanicballerina,"October 31, 2022",Scrolls all the way to the top all by itself after exiting full screen video or image. Happens when looking at comments of a tweet too and then going back to all tweets. Or just randomly when it tries to load more tweets it will just reset and scroll all the way to the top.,57 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2105,TheWizard OfGwendolyn,"January 26, 2023","I actually use Twitter now that it doesn't suck and the software is actually being worked on. Contrary to contrarian belief, Twitter works better than it did before the sink sank in.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2106,Erin Cunningham,"October 1, 2022","the recent update, stops me from getting notifications, the look of the dms look awful. Ever since it's updated I haven't been seeing any notifications from dms. It's really annoying, especially since I use this app to talk to my long distance boyfriend. Please fix this Twitter.",23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2107,iTheDarkKing,"December 14, 2022","App keeps crashing every few minutes, it's been crashing for months lmao, i scroll past a few posts then i see posts from a few days ago, this is so dumb",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2108,Jeffery Pardue,"December 3, 2022",Twitter has porn. 🎉 The new video player in Twitter is basically like Instagram & Facebook. Preferred old version of Twitter from before Elon took over. Looks like Twitter is trying to be like other apps with it's scrolling video feeds videos from accounts you/I don't follow. Before the update when you clicked on a video it only showed that one video & no more. It used to not display the Twitter post info on the video play back controls. I don't want to see random videos from random accounts.,63 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2109,Wendy Delahunt,"December 27, 2022","Great space to voice opinions, presentations, short videos & generally current news & topics.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2110,Yudhi Pratama Chandra,"January 20, 2023","I would love it if there was an option to load ""see more tweets"" from the bottom, so I can continue reading all tweets from i left.",0,4,twitter
2111,Martin Umayam,"September 8, 2022","App needs to optimize performance for Twitter Spaces. When someone is a Space Speaker, it should still retain in-call mode on the earphone or headphones, not only as the internal speaker by Default! Thanks.",17 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2112,Charles Duya,"January 12, 2023",The dark mode on the new update straight up sucks!!!! Its breaking the app on my phone. This needs to be fixed soon.,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
2113,Kate Cooper,"December 1, 2022","Twitter has become easier to navigate and provides topics on a variety of subjects I'm interested in, such as nature, entertainment, politics, photography. This time around is a really enjoyable experience. Thank you for the time you've put in to make this happen.",61 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2114,Richard Lea,"February 11, 2023","Gone downhill recently with the ""for you"" and ""following"". Either miss loads of tweets or see loads of irrelevant ones.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2115,sharn fernando,"February 18, 2023","I have to buy twitter blue to get two factor authentication with text message, elon is very greedy for money and everything will soon be paywalled, terrible app",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2116,Bb Don,"February 11, 2023","Twitter is slowing down. Since last year until now, Twitter's performance drops down. Scrolling through feed feels laggy and glitchy. Viewing photos take up almost 30 seconds to load. Similar thing with the videos. Most of the time the video buffers mid play. All these issue happening on a stable internet connection. Other apps are able to load and perform everything without any problems. I have never experienced anything like this even on a low end budget smartphone years ago. Please fix.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2117,Dean.L,"January 24, 2023",Its randomly shuffles tweets without scrolling its very annoying since update. Cant even finish reading sometimes sometimes before it puts another tweet in its place,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2118,SiiM KILLUA,"November 13, 2022","You can't leave those voicechat ""Spaces"" and the notification stays on your phone's notification bar all day. When you enter the app and try to leave the space it keeps appearing at the bottom of your Twitter app. This is so annoying.",36 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2119,Natalie Strickland,"January 14, 2023","I had stopped reading and looking on Twitter for a long time because it seemed fake and one sided. With Elon Musk taking the reins, it's a whole new world!! 100% transparency! Thank you Elon for making it real and keeping it real!",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2120,Jerrod Mays,"January 22, 2023","What the hell happened to this app? I once gave it 5 stars and now when I log in, I keep getting an error. This has happened after the recent update.",27 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2121,el,"December 7, 2022",The app would be a lot better if not for the home feed/timeline frequently auto refreshing without warning or permission. It's really frustrating to lose what you were reading.,15 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2122,Princess Gigi King,"January 19, 2023",I love that I have to sum up in a few short words my thougts with clarity. I love the overall experience. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2123,Simon P,"January 25, 2023","Going down hill fast,very buggy and not up to date most of the time, also becoming battery hungry.",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2124,Georgia Woodall,"November 19, 2022","I downloaded the app a year ago because FOX was always referencing tweets, and I wanted to check it out. My profile made it clear that I'm conservative. I made a few replies to other conservatives about mandated vaccinations and was immediately pounced on by so many trolls saying the most viscious things, that after about three days I left and didn't look back. Then when it was reported to be under new, unbiased management, I gave it another shot. I have to say the difference is awesome.",90 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2125,Don Chatterjee,"December 24, 2022","Excellent app for sharing views, messages and keeping in touch. Good encryption as well.",8 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2126,Fira Adhlina,"January 25, 2023","No split tab for timeline (following and for you tabs) + no latest tweet button either. Now my timeline is full of stuffs that I don't even like or follow, pls fix this",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2127,Salman Javed,"December 9, 2022","It's been 3 days that I've been logged out and after numerous tries to login, I could not receive security code through text/SMS .. even changing password and writing for help didn't help at all... I'm kinda giving up on this app. Sickening!",23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2128,Troy Stinson,"November 22, 2022",I like the fact regardless of political preference you can use the app you also can choose weather you are OK with hostile comments or not. Personally I don't mind hearing it. I just don't respond so far I've never gotten more than just one per subject per person. Seems to be working well.,27 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2129,Rae B,"October 24, 2022",was fine for years then the recent updates removed the double tap skip forward/backward 5sec which was honestly the best feature. also lately videos have been playing no sound so you have to come off the video then click on it again. very tedious and ruins the app,30 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2130,furka thorne (Alex & Harley),"January 25, 2023",In the latest update I can no longer see posts chronologically for people I follow. This is a total deal breaker.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2131,Chris Hamilton,"January 29, 2023","After all of the changes that Melon Husk pushed through, this app is absolute garbage and I'm seeking an alternative app that uses the API.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2132,VClan Dancehall,"February 11, 2023",Twitter is more updated and better since Elon musk's took over. If video/voice chat becomes available on the app. I will come back to give the app five star rating,0,4,twitter
2133,Adam Shepherd,"January 22, 2023","Bad and getting worse Keeps defaulting to the ""For You"" promoted feed rather than the people you are following, the bots and spammers are absolutely out of control and so many people a dissapearing from the app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2134,Daniel Williams,"November 2, 2022","Since the last update, videos blast sound for a split second when I scroll past them when they should be completely muted. Very annoying when I'm browsing my phone on a break in the office.",33 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2135,Austin Hugenberg,"September 4, 2022",Really great mobile app. Better than Facebook or Instagram or Snapchat. It's really easy for someone like me with ADHD to go down a rabbit hole and for some reason that results in a MASSIVE backstack. I guess since there's no way to track the pages or threads you've visited (without interacting) this is a good thing? Bot-friendly is an amazing approach to have from a dev perspective.,90 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2136,Samet Toprak,"February 13, 2023","App is broken, when update button shows up the recent feed doesn't matches with the images in the button.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2137,Diana,"October 10, 2022",The new update is making it miserable experience. I get no notifications whatsoever. Can't know how many unread messages i have. Messages take time to load and the screen keeps jumping to the top.,23 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2138,Daxxtropezz,"February 7, 2023","whenever I click a post and click a like on it, it just increases but never highlight my like. I need to back and like the post under the feeds.",12 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2139,Eugene Chipendo,"January 24, 2023","Everytime I attempt to open the app, it asks me to login into my accounts.....i have close it any try again before it can work properly....😑😒",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2140,Alister Crowley,"December 27, 2022",Atrocious amount of spam and advertisements. It's honestly difficult to even see what's in my timeline anymore.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2141,Jennifer Dixon,"February 8, 2023","Used to be relatively reliable and stable on Android with the exception of a few features. Now I can't tweet or RT at all and it doesn't say why. Oh well, I can follow all the independent journalists on substack or patreon instead.",0,1,twitter
2142,Paul Jones,"February 2, 2023","Horrible app, so now android users can't send or receive messages, the Icon doesn't even pop up and the right corner anymore",0,1,twitter
2143,A Google user,"September 28, 2022","The Twitter app is amazing! I haven't had any problems whatsoever. The only problem that i do have, is the constant ads that i have to block all the time. I wish Twitter would stop with constant ads. It's driving me crazy!",40 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2144,Phill Robinson,"February 1, 2023",Twitter has gone downhill why do we need a for you page and a following page what was wrong the the old way and i never see anyones posts just retweets from them don't want to see that just want to see what they post don't care what they are retweeting. Definitely thinking of closing my account,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2145,gerda meiring,"February 1, 2023","Used to be a great app But since the update this last month , i dont like it. The for you page is unnecessary, stop changing the buttons please",3 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2146,Abdulrahman Bashir,"January 23, 2023",All this negative reviews are false. I mean if Twitter is supposed to be buggy or laggy it should perform worse on budget phones yeah? It works great on my budget phone also!,0,5,twitter
2147,Mr Tahmim,"December 1, 2022",So many bugs in this app. I removed my phone number and I can't connect is again. Why I can't open a new account without any number and with number i can't open a new account. Past Twitter is good. Recently it's performance so bad.,15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2148,Davii Mai,"February 19, 2023",Imagine upgrading your IT security protocol but marketing it in the dumbest way possible - downgrade and they'll tell that you can upgrade.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2149,A J,"October 22, 2022","The new video player is the worst. Text of the tweet itself is coming up on the video, can't watch the video without distraction, can't even watch it since texts come on top. Can't skip forward or backward with double tap 🤦🏻",90 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2150,Sayandeep Chakraborty,"December 27, 2022","A great app. Really easy to get addicted to. But I've been having some data issues lately, videos don't play well and posts don't load quickly. Hoping the update will put things in place.",70 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2151,Aldy,"January 8, 2023","Video player is a mess. How can it keep playing video even I have moved to another page or another account? Is it ""layering"" problem?",38 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2152,Colours Fame,"November 22, 2022",Dislike how app refreshes normally after reopening after 30m when I want to view back previous posts. Who care Elon is ceo when app isn't de best yet i can't seem to remove this as I'm needing to follow&read new vocabulary ranging from phrases to single word definition for multiple languages. If there was another apk better i wouldn't count on T cuz it has flaws imperfectly. Very old app since my teenage yrs wishing it'd improve and add more languages teachers with pronunciation&spelling feature,34 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2153,Danna Chin Yan,"January 16, 2023","I hate it when it shows a lot of post of others that i don't follow! It is frustrating, i could see the post of the one that i follow!!!",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2154,Greydyn Lee,"February 9, 2023",Newby not sure but pray 🙏🙏🙏for Syria and those torn apart by the earthquake 🙏🙏🙏💛🌬️🥶💪🙏💛 care and careful rescue 🙏💛🙏🌝pray for better weather than freezing Cold. Jesus hear our prayers and warmly touch them. keep their spirits up and positive... especially the rescuers and families with lost loved ones. 🙏💛💪😇🤗,0,3,twitter
2155,nikkii,"February 7, 2023","hate the idea of the new ""for you"" and ""following"" just bring back the old timeline wherein you can choose to see the recent tweets :/",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2156,Lorena Marin,"January 3, 2023",I love Twitter app because you can read what many people think. Bad and good. The only thing is sometimes is slowing to found a #.,0,4,twitter
2157,Serial Skeptic,"November 9, 2022",This app does not have an edit button. For me that's very nonsensical. There should be an edit button but also an option to see the original text like in Facebook. This review will only change when there is an edit button,68 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2158,Asrar Mushtaq,"November 1, 2022","This is one of the Best aap in social Media which I experienced in life. This aap consumes less data as compared to other social apps like Insta,fb etc. There is not much entrainment which wastes our time, but gives us useful & reative Information about poltics, History etc. We can enjoy this aap by Joining voice Spaces , Retweets etc. But thare is only one problem in this i.e is glitch problem in Opening speaker of spaces that creates lot of hindrance In speaking as well as in whole space.",37 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2159,Dietrich H,"February 6, 2023",Constant issues these last few months. For a week now the app will sign me out and not let me sign back in for hours,0,1,twitter
2160,Michael Perez,"January 20, 2023","Lots of n*zis, lots of p*do's, and new UI features that are clunky and don't make use of it very good.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2161,David Hackett,"January 21, 2023",Reintroducing features everyone hated and was removed isn't a step forward. The timeline changes revert to something users asked to remove in March 2022.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2162,S Lang,"January 5, 2023",Pictures no longer load for me (except ads) I've tried clearing my cache and it doesn't help. Other that that not too bad I guess.,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
2163,kelsey,"December 23, 2022","They keep adding updates and the app is just slowly becoming an absolute headache to use. Also, innocent people get suspended while literal criminals get to keep their accounts, it doesn't make any sense whatsoever.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2164,Den Guzov,"December 10, 2022","The thing I like the most is consistency in navigation. Wherever I go, I can always return to the tweet in my feed where I started that journey (hello to Facebook and Instagram). Twitter UI guys, you are the best! 👍",26 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2165,Himanshu Kolhatkar,"November 22, 2022","It does not work well with Wi-Fi. Images do not load quickly on Wi-Fi data, where in mobile data it happens quickly. Observed many times. Is it real issue or just coincidence?",32 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2166,Kenechukwu Ohalebo,"December 21, 2022","Hello twitter, I've tried multiple times to verify/change my Nigerian number. It always says ""Number invalid"". I've tested this with almost 8 numbers still same. Please look into it. Nigeria number+234",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2167,Bret MacArthur,"December 11, 2022",New to twitter. Wish i had finer control over content. (See the hard news comming out of a news provider and exclude the sports and politics.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2168,Samuel Arinaitwe,"January 31, 2023",This current update of Twitter is so annoying ... Just put back Twitter the way it was... For you and following are so irrelevant... They are so annoying ... Just updated to see if you had removed that glitch but it's still on. Bring back our normal Twitter,0,1,twitter
2169,David Sanabria,"December 28, 2022",Started to use it only after Elon has acquired it. Seems like a great way to have discussions and waste a bunch of time.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2170,Polar Arts Photo,"January 20, 2023",Continuously received text messages saying that my account is trying to be logged into. Installed The app just to delete my account then do immediately uninstall,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2171,Jake,"September 9, 2022","After updating my pixel 6 pro to android 13, the app opens and is unresponsive to touch. No buttons can be pressed and no data is loaded. Can't even go to my account settings. It seems the mobile devs at Twitter can't keep up with the mobile economy.",16 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2172,deepak deulkar,"January 27, 2023","I changed my phone nad now when I am trying to login, either it is not accepting my phone number or it is not sending me OTP.....I am not able to use the app at all",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2173,Louis Iglesias,"February 10, 2023","Tweets are easy to control. You get to read the one's you are interested in. For the most part, people are civil. So far I haven't been affected by any of the issues brought up from some other users.",6 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2174,Meighan Peters,"October 11, 2022","Is anybody else just NOT getting notifications? Or getting them super delayed? I've cleared cache, data, restarted phone in the hopes that those things would fix notification problem, but it's just been after this latest update that notifications just stopped showing.",57 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2175,Donny Anderson,"October 4, 2022","Recent update causes links people share to open in a browser rather than in the app, and then Twitter encourages me to join the convo by downloading Twitter. What's the point of using the app at that point? There are issues with DM structure and responsiveness. I have noticed loading issues. Other things also look amiss.",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2176,A R KHAN,"December 17, 2022",Unable to sign in from past 5 days Error message of network provider cannot send message. Uninstalled and installed back same issue. Pls fix this issue at the earliest Atleast provide a customer care contact,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2177,Chris Funderburg,"February 5, 2023","Much better now that free speech is back. And since political suppression has stopped, especially in the name of disinformation.",0,5,twitter
2178,Saad Kirangwa,"December 30, 2022",Faster than it was. But getting unnecessary notifications from people I totally not follow but around a locality I currently live in. Privacy snooping,0,4,twitter
2179,Cheran Tria,"December 16, 2022","What happen twitter, cant open my account with the latest update, error says, thy cnt send security code due to network provider is not supported... Then no other option to get in. Pls fix ths.",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2180,Chuck Schulze,"December 11, 2022",Nice being back on the app after a long absence. Really enjoying the ability to connect with people across the country,7 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2181,All Children,"February 5, 2023","Am trying to signup but it is saying ""We cannot currently register this phone number"" Everytime am trying to signup Am giving one star until the problem is fixed Am in 🇺🇬",0,1,twitter
2182,LEXNOUR_99 Bañes,"February 7, 2023",Twitter pls fix this bug All the image in twitter won't load up or show the image samething it loads up and show the image but this time it won't load not even the help centre works pls fix pls,0,2,twitter
2183,Ayush Lama,"January 25, 2023",Can't even sign up with phone no. it Always shows that phone no. Is invalid and ask for email instead..... Worst Sign up experience you will ever have.....,0,1,twitter
2184,Kareem McLovin,"December 11, 2022","Since under new management, Twitter has become a better place to state my opinions and see to other people's thoughts as well. Few years ago it seemed I couldn't reach anyone on this app, now I see all sides of a topic and think it's great. Awesome job folks👍🏽",5 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2185,Timothy Seoka,"February 16, 2023",2020/04/01 Good but stops working sometimes. 2023/02/16 It does not refresh even if you press the refresh/home tab several times😭.,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
2186,Caleb Harris,"December 16, 2022","Now that Elon took over, Twitter is great! Before, the conversation was 1-sided. A mono-voice convo has no value to me. So, I was off Twitter for years. Now I read perspectives from liberals and conservatives. That's the way it should be!",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2187,Anelani Sibulele Pholoana,"January 14, 2023","It is ok. If only I could be able to change my reactions in the DMs, I don't like that I only have 5 irrelevant emojis as reactions And then, every 2 days y'all have new updates. No ways!",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2188,Sudhanshu Thapa,"January 17, 2023","After I open someone's account twitter stopped responding and my screen freezes and it happens every 7/10 times, please fix it.",0,3,twitter
2189,Abhishek Pandey,"February 18, 2023","Such a waste app, i think you guys should work on some UI and maintaining server, this much big company and having such waste type UI, or else i will suggest close your app and create some other app",0,1,twitter
2190,s m,"January 20, 2023","Terrible!!!! Doesn't work, updates make it worse, just absolutely awful. I am going back to Facebook. Twitter SUUUUCKS.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2191,Rebecca Smallwood,"December 9, 2022",Now that free speech is returning to Twitter I spend a lot more time on this app. Thank you Elon for fixing this issue and exposing it to the world.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2192,cath,"January 13, 2023",Still have friends on this app but it's so full of thousands of newly created 1 follower trollbot accounts and nasty previously banned accounts that I've gravitated over to Countersocial and Post. I'm using fewer hours overall and going direct to news instead of using links to same sources. Also glitchy as heck..so what's the point. It's over.,0,1,twitter
2193,Darlene Burton,"November 30, 2022","Mainly works quite well. It's a great way to keep up on world and local events often disregarded or ignored by MSM. Occasionally jumps to new tweets while reading and, sometimes, tweets will randomly disappear from the lineup. More options than the heart for acknowledging a tweet would be helpful. Headlines shared from outside of twitter often disappear into the twitter-verse never to be seen again.",27 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2194,Nessa Hunter,"December 4, 2022",Twitter is getting better every day. The new owner has made tremendous progress in creating a user friendly platform with increased speed and constantly seeks user input for upgrades. It's now well worth subscriptions and advertising. We will be seeking to advertise on Twitter within the next few months.,34 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2195,Gary Sellars,"January 10, 2023",Great app. I wish it had tik tok features for creators and a more personalized profile to mimic Facebook as a one stop app for all things.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2196,Ryan Scales,"November 11, 2022","It's blocking tweets and images under the assumption that they are ""sensitive material"". I have NEVER activated this function. This is becoming a nuisance. Additionally the app won't allow me to use talk-to-text to send direct messages.",37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2197,Ryan Vega,"December 17, 2022","Great improvement on the platform overall. Ever since Elon took over, the app has felt more fair and free.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2198,James Huntington Jr,"November 20, 2022","This app provides real time news stories faster than the mainstream media, and the crowd sourced news is often way more accurate than the mainstream media too. Plus, now, many previously canceled accounts are now back online, so it seems like this platform is truly promoting freedom of speech. There are no bugs, and it runs smoothly. I recommend this app now.",92 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2199,Rebecca Langley,"November 2, 2022",You can't send back to back gifs without refreshing the app. Videos and pictures will send twice/three times. DMS aren't sendable for no reason sometimes and gifs and videos stay in the drop bar of the text box.,33 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2200,Robert Weber,"October 25, 2022","Great medium! Used to have ""Poor"" guidelines. But, not anymore! Kick'n it up to 4-stars as a result. We still need a dang ""edit"" button of sorts for content providers. It's hard to delete a tweet that is emanating acceptance for simple a typo!",31 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2201,Abdul bari Mohmand,"December 31, 2022",Twitter is better as you know we are non native speaker and we need to translate some English words when we click on word or sentences it shows black color on selection area I think it is not appropriate color.,0,5,twitter
2202,Stelio Senja,"October 26, 2022","I dont know whats besn happening recently, every single time i open the app it just stops, i havent been able to see anything for a few days now. If this gets fixed ill bump it up to 4 stars, but until that happens, its gonna stay at 2.",22 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2203,Free Spirit,"January 26, 2023","NaziTwitter don't have EDIT option posting when you make mistakes. What the hell is wrong with Twitter blocking my VDOs posts, I have allow view sensitive ON💡not off. There's no freedom anywhere even in virtual web🕸. Twitter stop manipulate my video post I have my set on display sensitive media you are blocked it. I have checked my setting. Please fix this issue fast no wonder Twitter rating📉 going down hell👹. No customer service support to be hear from, Twitter teams are beyond suck💩.",608 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2204,Troy Williams,"February 17, 2023",A great app and getting better each day since Elon Musk bought it and began running the show. Previously it was just terrible! A new day has dawned at Twitter!,0,5,twitter
2205,Zues Zukisa Dubula,"September 12, 2022","It's an awesome app with its great unique features that helps one to engage in conversations with larger than life personalities that one would only dream of. This is an app that brings the world to you ,without waiting for News and or Newsletter,or having to travel to another country in order to know what's happening,Twitter is here for that. If one has a person and or a larger than life personality and wants to find out whats happening to that person ,then this is the right app. Download now",267 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2206,Rashmita Kamat,"February 9, 2023",I am unable to follow anyone... it says your following no. has been limited but I only follow 2 people so far and I have 10 followers so how can the followers limit be more than that of following. I want the issue fixed asap.,0,1,twitter
2207,Anne Burgot,"September 9, 2022","Bugging for the last 24hrs: blank timeline, unresponsive icons. I tried sending an email, which failed because the email address provided above does not exist. (Web version works fine.)",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2208,Filipe Granha,"October 10, 2022","Very bad update, notifications don't show up unless I open the app, very slow to sync, chat is terrible, you have to scroll down to see the new messages... Roll back the update please, it was much better before.",16 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2209,Jordan Jackson,"October 3, 2022","Love Twitter, but an issue on my phone (OnePlus 2t 5g) where when playing videos sometimes, the audio doesn't work and there is no sound so I have to back out of the video and go back into it. Not a big issue but would be a quality of life change if it was fixed :)",83 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2210,A Google user,"January 23, 2023",Too many unnecessary updates; like the view counts. The app keeps crashing too.,4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2211,Dogstar Sirius,"December 16, 2022","Since Elon Musk bought the platform it's been popping off. Lots of fun, and like the new direction and new features. And safer for children!",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2212,Michael Thola,"September 9, 2022","The most recent update broke the application. After opening, it shows the bottom buttons and my profile picture, but the news feed is just white. None of the buttons are responsive",21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2213,jmage,"January 19, 2023","61920: NOTIFICATIONS ARE NOT SHOWING. I DIDN'T KNOW THAT I ALREADY MISSED A LOT OF POSTS. Edit: With the recent changes, I must say this app has become worse. It was already but and just got more worse.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2214,Kabelo Madiba,"December 4, 2022","New video feature is annoying if I'm scrolling on my timeline and then see a video I want to watch I have to click twice before it actually plays, then instead of seeing other tweets on my timeline now I'm bombarded with other videos I'm not interested in . If I wanted to watch endless videos I'd have been on tiktok or Instagram.",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2215,Rozina Khan,"December 2, 2022",I got logged out of my account and will not get text for 2 step verification. It's been 4 days! I have endlessly complained and tried everything I could but the twitter team is not helpful one bit!! It's a nightmare!!,15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2216,A. Mira Cichoń,"February 9, 2023","since the takeover the performance is awful. profile update bugs, random glitches and LAGS. it sucks",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2217,Liam McLeod,"January 30, 2023",Recent update is terrible. Broke functionality that existed in previous versions. The for you page is terrible and forced now.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2218,Fatih Gucuko (Webinstart),"January 13, 2023","Can't login or add account. Always showing ""there is something wrong. Try later"" So I can't use the app.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
2219,DANISH ASLAM,"December 20, 2022",What the hell is this latest update ....not at all working ....even not able to read a single tweet.too much annoying...it's just buffering n buffering....what have u done Twitter with this latest update...,7 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2220,Cyrus Novachrono,"November 27, 2022","Terrible. Since there has been a change in management it's filled with right wing extremists. Free speech has been ripped apart. I shouldn't be seeing these scum so I guess the algorithm has been messed with. Glitchy, buggy, and driving people away. Incredible amount of bots that are appearing in droves. Elon is a cancer.",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2221,Chris Hawkes,"December 22, 2022","It's on track now to be the only and go to app. Once they let creators monetize content, it should dominate.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2222,Vendo Siswanto,"January 10, 2023","My account locked because it was told me that I'm not 13 years old or older, but I'm older than 18,I try to log in and I can't log in. Well, maybe it's a good thing to stop using this app, lol. What's in there just cancer lol",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2223,adrianna hanies,"December 28, 2022","hi, my twitter is acting up these few days, like everytime i want to quote rt and post something, it become lagged but after all, everything is good and also i hate the update where we can see the viewers that's all thank you❤️",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2224,Samantha Says,"February 18, 2023","Recently got a malicious update that prompts you to remove 2 factor authentication unless you pay, avoid until they fix it",0,1,twitter
2225,Gina Newman,"December 18, 2022","Absolutely LOVING Twitter app!!!!!!beyond easy to navigate, and the newly added features ( thanks to Elon Musk ) make it WAYYYYYYYY BETTER than before!!!!!",8 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2226,linda addison,"December 1, 2022","I enjoy getting news from this venue. And there are funnies/memes, promoted ads to quickly ignore, relentless trolls so easy to dismiss, and connecting with ppl that are truly amazing! Any problems traversing the app are my ignorance alone, but I will learn! Great open discussions to glean important insights from, or mean tweets from libs who haven't learned that we ALL get to play now. Quite the adventure! Thanks Elon!",32 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2227,Brandon Millard,"January 22, 2023",So far so good needs a lot of work! I think Twitter has great potential if handled correctly. If based on tik tok it would be the only social app I use 💯%,0,4,twitter
2228,Patrick Kirumira,"February 16, 2023",I've updated this app every week and the videos still lag wtffff the videos freeze a lot guys come on!!,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2229,Michael Crusoe,"December 18, 2022","I was a big fan of Twitter for year round science outreach and networking. An endless ""hallway track"". All of that is gone now.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2230,Shark Bait (ooh ha ha),"January 26, 2023","I left Twitter because of censorship. It has always been a good functional app. I still like truth social, gettr, clout hub and parler. I will become a blue check if Twitter lets me. I applied, but was denied because of a time constraint. I will try again.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2231,Jo-Ann,"October 17, 2022","there are so many bugs in the last update: swiping back opens the dm of another acct instead of exiting app, not getting message notifications and new messages are already marked as read even though I'ven't seen or read them yet, switching accounts from home tab would suddenly direct me to the dm tab. also, the current ui design (especially the dm) is so ugly.",25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2232,Azrael (Supreme Grand Master),"January 17, 2023",Amazing app ever since Elon took over. Everything that Elon touches turns to gold. He's one of the most smartest people in the world and basically invented space travel and electric cars. -Hoping this comment triggers someone.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2233,Javaughn Munroe,"November 17, 2022","Since the update, whenever I click on a post, run through the comments and exist that post. It takes me to the top of the page instead of me having to continue scrolling from where the post was on the page. This is extremely annoying... UPDATE: November 16, 2022 It's back to normal.",25 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2234,keith smithers,"December 22, 2022","Better than ever! New features, new voices, more engagement. Couldn't be happier to see what twitter is doing!",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2235,Emad Garivani,"February 1, 2023",Direct message disappeared!!! Even with the latest update a few days ago the problem is there!!,0,1,twitter
2236,Yian KutKu,"January 23, 2023",Latest update made performance worst. Videos freeze every few seconds and now app itself is doing the same.,11 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2237,RunikWolf,"December 18, 2022","Elon didn't learn from tumblr that removing the agency of those who use your site isn't the right move to keep engagement, especially if they only spread misinformation and crackpot theories! I used to use it for finding artists to commission but now that a large amount of sites are impossible to post, I'm now deleting the app until things improve.",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2238,Mhamad Nasser El Dine,"January 26, 2023","Twitter is a very famous and global platform. My experience with it was very good, and I think that Twitter should be the best ever",0,5,twitter
2239,LN Nagaraj,"February 5, 2023","Super I cannot complete my day with out viewing Twitter, it's compleat and informative... I love be a part of Twitter.",0,5,twitter
2240,Josh Wells,"January 7, 2023","App is useless on Android. For the last week or two, text freezes when sending tweets.",0,1,twitter
2241,Aslan Gençer,"January 18, 2023",Timeline refreshes too often. It's annoying when it refreshes while halfway through reading a tweet.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2242,Kyle White,"September 9, 2022","After update to Android 13 on Pixel 4a 5G app was opening up blank page. Enabling all the notification from Android settings fixed the issue, then just disabled all the notifications from the app itself. All seems to be good still.",13 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2243,Chris Soames,"September 17, 2022",No way to get your account back by authenticating your email. The code always expires in under 10 seconds. Utterly useless for such a big company. People have been having this issue for months and they still haven't sorted it.,15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2244,Matt Hobson,"October 14, 2022","Fake numbers. Mine are going up and down and I checked, my followers and those I follow havent changed. Not sure what's happening, but the counters aren't working. Up and down dozens daily. No notifications either way. It said I had 70 followers for a few hours yesterday, but I could see all 1400. Ridiculous",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2245,Sir Ibby,"December 22, 2022","I recently returned to Twitter since the new management took over and the experience is honestly so much better now. Before, if I had an opinion that some people didn't like or if I presented real facts that opposed a view, I'd get suspended or blocked but now people will actually debate me and often times make me realize things that I didn't consider, which, surprisingly has gotten me to change my opinion several times. This is such a welcomed change amd I really hope it continues.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2246,G Garratt,"February 17, 2023","Get rid of for you, need chrono order button again, need an edit button maybe with edit history or edited or edited X amount of times notice.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2247,Justice Schaffner (Just-Ice),"December 12, 2022",I've used Twitter since a few years ago. I use it more now than I did back then and I can see the changes being implemented. It's going to be exciting to see how Twitter evolves over the next few years,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2248,Havana Marie,"November 27, 2022","someone get this man-child elon musk off the platform. the app has been so incredibly buggy absolutely nothing loads properly anymore, I click on a thread and nothing loads, click my profile and nothing loads, I can't post pictures or do absolutely anything, I scroll past the same 20 posts constantly, no new ones load and there's been no fixes.",25 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2249,trevor couillard,"January 14, 2023",It has gotten much better recently and I actually find myself going on at random times instead of just looking around when I get a notification,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2250,Anastasia,"October 7, 2022","I could look past its flaws while I still had the capacity to long press on a tweet's text and it copied the link to the video at the same time, by itself. Singlehandedly ruined my entire life. Other than that the new update is cool I guess",22 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2251,A Google user,"February 20, 2023",i don't prolly like the slow load of images this is so irritating. this is not the same as it was...,0,1,twitter
2252,Abhinav Banerjee,"December 6, 2022","The best thing about this app is that its UI is highly responsive and updates automatically in real time without the need to refresh the page every now and again. Very few other social media apps do that, so it was a pleasant surprise for me. 😋",104 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2253,Robby Ro,"February 10, 2023",I just came back. I so happy Elon musk bought Twitter. I really feel he will do great things to bring balance back to the platform.,0,5,twitter
2254,walhart iscute,"October 14, 2022","New update feels very unoptimized and slower than before. When playing a video, the bottom half of the screen is covered by whoever posted the video which is extremely annoying.",19 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2255,Marion Chard,"November 25, 2022","The app works well. Only occasional slowdowns when ARMY goes crazy. 😂💜💜💜💜💜💜💜 However, algorithms for seeing tweets from friends are sketchy at best. So many acknowledge the same on the TL. Many tell me that they rarely see my tweets. It would appear that something needs to improve.",47 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2256,Jayen Bambhroliya,"December 31, 2022",Couldn't login every time show this error. We cannot send a text message to this phone number because its operator is not supported.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2257,Jesse Tremblay,"January 7, 2023",Absolute Garbage. *Update* I've been completely locked out of Twitter. My email is no longer associated with my account.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2258,Clash Of Clans Channel,"January 24, 2023",Cannot fully customize trends. I want the trends tab to only show stuffs from the contents that I like and follow. But I can't.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2259,J S,"January 28, 2023",I really don't like the latest update. I keep seeing the same posts over and over I can never get to the top of the page is bombarded with the same posts,0,2,twitter
2260,98 Wade,"December 25, 2022","Lots of good, timely information about any topic, especially breaking news stories.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2261,gaby,"December 24, 2022","tf the updates are getting worse and unnecessary, my main problem, we didn't need a specific button for the views because 1 looks horrible and 2 gets in the way",2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2262,THE MARTIAN,"January 17, 2023",Twitter has made leaps and bounds to make my news feed a better experience. They are doing far better than Facebook or Instagram in getting rid of hate speech and bots!,7 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2263,Ezequiel Alvarez,"January 24, 2023","I dont know what's happening, but I checked to see if there's an update, but I can't send tweets. Btw the app is great none the less.",0,4,twitter
2264,Jana Salah,"September 5, 2022","Whenever I try to watch I video it says ""playback error"" and it's been happening for o few days now and I think it's really annoying, please fix this problem ASAP. It's a Great app but I need this problem fixed. I don't know if it's a problem from my account or an error in the system so please let me know",30 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2265,Dale Upright,"December 14, 2022",Can't log in because the verification code is being sent to my old phone number. Can't request help because their website and auto email messaging is buggy,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2266,Yosi Khaira,"December 11, 2022","My twitter is gone wrong, idk what happen I just want to open twitter like i always do but then it said something went wrong so i uninstall it and download it again, but when i want to login, its said there's something isn't right Please Twitter do something, i almost throw my phone",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2267,Richard Tortorella,"December 17, 2022",Can't see tweets from people I actually follow. I don't give a damn about other accounts I don't follow. Updating the app was a huge mistake.,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2268,Meelis Mölter,"January 30, 2023","If anybody wants the good old version back, then the version number is 9.65.5. ""for you"" and ""following"" is not on the top side the and you can switch to latest tweets tapping the star and it stays there:)",0,3,twitter
2269,Bhat Zeeshan,"December 20, 2022",I give it only one star because of a number of reasons.one of the most is setting problem i.e i don't have dark mode option in my profile. Another is sharing..,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2270,Kat Tonks,"September 9, 2022","Since android update it won't work. Same as the couple of reviews below me, it shows the white homescreen and the new microphone feature but won't show up any news feed and then is unresponsive.",15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2271,Govinthammal Rajagopal,"January 17, 2023",Good to go for professional use which elabore more on worldwide ongoing all knowledgeable news and professional communication for all kind of good source as best to maintain everyone stability and growing...,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2272,Robert Cook,"February 14, 2023",I want my default feed to be chronological. Edit-Still no option to default to chronological feed.,5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2273,Mido Hellani,"February 17, 2023","We need the type of flags before last update, the straight flag better than the wavy, its hard to write english numbers with arabic letters",0,2,twitter
2274,J Yap,"December 2, 2022","After the takeover, there are more recommended meme pages, relevant news, more talking points and entertainment. Haven't seen such improvement for the past ten years. I'm loving the freedom of speech everyone has on the platform, let's agree to disagree!",37 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2275,Rana Sohail Ahmad,"February 1, 2023","Awesome. But This app has lot of issues when I touch retweet but it is not working 😐. So, developer's 😂 the app needs more better, strong and improvementful updates 🤭🤣. This is my Twitter experience: 🥱🖕🏻🤬😤💔😢.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2276,Dee Bee,"January 11, 2023","Great app. Despite claims of Twitter being destroyed or overrun with bad people, I've seen no significant changes since Elon Musk took it over. Been using it since 2016.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2277,Geoffery Trent Wells,"January 3, 2023","Needs a major 🗣update‼️Keeps freezing 🥶up and keeps asking to either close the app, wait or send feedback😤 and also there needs to be no limit to the number of accounts we can follow and we need more than just a heart ❤reaction!!! Sadly the update today didn't fix the problem🙄😒🤦🏻",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2278,Lawrence Arabia,"October 6, 2022","Highly entertaining and engaging platform for staying connected with the world out there in all it's glorious forms of ideas, opinions, experiences and knowledge. The microblogging architecture its built on is what sets it apart from the rest and keeps it relevent and an essential.",83 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2279,winterswordx,"November 8, 2022","Cant contact their support because it's all faqs. They kept on emailing me regarding my locked acc that it can be reinstated by logging in, not realizing that I can't log in because it's locked. Tried multiple times. Worst app support really. They don't want its users to contact them",35 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2280,M S,"February 8, 2023",Horrible app. Can't find nothing. Can't see even one tweet. I can't even follow anyone. 0 out of 10.,0,1,twitter
2281,Kent “SyberSmoke” Campbell,"November 29, 2022","Twitter was a dumpster fire before the recent changes in management. Now it is a dumpster fire that is $44 billion larger. Between child porn issues, mass terminations, and much much more...I deleted this app and can honestly say the company can go the way of netscape navigator. So long and thanks for all the fish.",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2282,William Wilder,"January 2, 2023",It's wonderful to be able to text other people 😉 and have a wonderful conversation without being interrupted...,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2283,Victoria Rose,"January 28, 2023",Incredibly disappointed in the fact that the Direct Message button is completely gone for Android users. Is this going to be fixed?,0,1,twitter
2284,A.R Rolfsson,"December 31, 2022",The last 3-4 weeks the app is constantly freezing my phone (Galaxy S10 5g) it's getting so annoying that I'm actually considering abandon it.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2285,Salomonus,"August 31, 2022","The ""auto generated captions"" have rhined Twitter. It sucks that you have to manually toggle them off every tim in every video while you scroll. When you open the video in full screen it is even worse...YOU CANNOT TURN THEM OFF AT ALL!!!",19 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2286,suresh jahagirdar,"February 6, 2023","This app accepts realistic problems, so many friends render valuable solutions, which soothes heart. So I love this app.",0,5,twitter
2287,Joy Hoem,"January 24, 2023","I love Twitter now! I refused to use it prior to current Elon ownership... liberals telling me what I could and couldn't say was unnecessary for my life. Facebook did it enough, and still does... or tries to do!",0,5,twitter
2288,Yosebiya Zemedkun,"February 7, 2023",I am so hateful for this app. If there was negative infinity star I would like to give for it. I did fight for an account. After that all fight it said sorry we can not accept your phone number. And I tried to get an account by using my google account. After another fight I get the account but you can not pick or have the profile name that you want. After I picked the choose by my hand it tacked muck time. And I was tired of piking and go to sign-up and it do not it. And say don't worry. I don't,0,1,twitter
2289,Bradley,"February 1, 2023",Really buggy as late. Regularly don't receive notifications. And now the DM button has disappeared,74 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2290,Dave Scott,"September 13, 2022","Since the latest update on 11th September 2022, Twitter for Android keeps crashing constantly. The only thing I'm able to do is like Tweets within Notifications - All/Mentions and send a new Tweet. The app crashes when I attempt to: Select User/Tweet on any screen. View the Home screen, which is blank. View my Profile. View Bookmarks. View Followers or Following. Select a story/Tweet on the Search screen. View Search screen. Select a Space. Please fix this ASAP. Possibly an HTML parsing issue.",229 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2291,Tariq Afaq,"January 4, 2023",Very good experience but characters limit should be increased and edit option after tweet must be granted.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2292,Armando I,"January 10, 2023",This app now crashes every time I follow an account. I would change to zero if I could with the way it's now being ran.,0,1,twitter
2293,Dagger's Edge,"October 4, 2022","I cannot long-press and copy or delete DMs if they contain a link anymore. Also, in the Search tab, tapping the ""back"" arrow on my phone no longer returns me to me Timeline after long-pressing a Recent account to clear it from history. I have to reopen the app entirely to get there.",243 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2294,HARSH PANDEY,"January 31, 2023","Now my feeds are divided in two parts, following and other how am I supposed to see all the things, seems UI/UX people are not getting paid well.",0,1,twitter
2295,Chris Marshall,"November 20, 2022",App has turned into a significant spam bot trying to get users to pay more attention to it. It should be there when I am ready for it: not be something that tries to get my attention on an hourly basis (at times). Also do not agree with where platform is going: between treatment of employees and allowing celebrity special treatment despite their heavy abuse of policies in the past.,37 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2296,Muhammad Asad Ali,"February 18, 2023",Bad experience and I lots of time consumes to new account on Twitter but always I received a massage a technical issue😡.,0,1,twitter
2297,Danial Fiqri,"December 18, 2022","Please fix the 2FA verification problem because a lot of us couldn't login because it says our phone number operator is not supported, this didn't happen before",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2298,愛.,"February 4, 2023",Twitter font is ugly. bring back the setting where we can use the default font of our phone to twitter.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2299,Joe Killip,"January 20, 2023","Following and for you tabs are great ideas, but the following only has the option of being sorted by new tweets - it needs the option to sort by best",0,3,twitter
2300,Shiunin,"October 6, 2022","The constant layout changes kill my general experience on Twitter. They're far too clunky, unpleasant to look at, and somehow get worse with every update. This goes for both mobile and desktop.",401 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2301,Steven Owensby (Steve O),"January 24, 2023",Much better Now! But I wish we could clean up our (spelling and or grammatical) errors via an edit option!,0,4,twitter
2302,James Wood,"December 14, 2022","Better now that Elon has taken over. It's great to be able to jump on Twitter and see content which would have been censored otherwise. I can see Twitter becoming the social media platform to crush Facebook. We, as humans, have a fundamental right to express free speech and have access to content on both sides of a debate. Censorship under the guise of combating ""fake news"" and ""misinformation"" is nothing more than propoganda used to strip more rights away. Just the same as China really.",2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2303,yuh,"October 6, 2022","I enjoyed using this app but ever since the new update where you can finally add extra videos to your tweet it started to lag, it keeps loading whenever I go to my bookmarks especially when I see other videos. And it's annoying, it keeps loading A LOT.",18 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2304,Cameron McHeyzer (Techless),"December 16, 2022","Basic functionality suddenly missing, can't like or retweet posts from home feed anymore and Twitter Spaces as a feature just died with no warning.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2305,Joseph's,"January 14, 2023",Make an edit button. I don't have to delete an entire tweet when i make a typo. Thanks a lot guys i really appreciate your work.,0,5,twitter
2306,Michael Driscoll,"February 18, 2023",Nothing works. No notifications. Don't see those I follow. Pretty much a mess.,0,1,twitter
2307,{-ksowner-},"December 14, 2022","I love the app, but it's not perfect though. May be it's just me, but i don't know how to not see likes from people i follow. If it's not in the app, i recommend to add that function.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2308,Chris Duncan,"January 20, 2023",Awful new layout. What's the point in having a 'For You' and a 'following' news feed which doesn't even show the LATEST tweets??,239 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2309,Nikki Manning,"October 2, 2022","The most recent update is awful for group chats. Why in god's name would I want to open the group chat to the very end of the thread instead of at the beginning of the unread messages like it used to. Instead I have to scroll up who knows how far and it's not like the ""Unread messages"" break is easy to see. This is AWFUL!",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2310,Clyde Barrow,"January 4, 2023","Always love the app, however the app should have the option to be stored on an SD card, and currently it does not.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2311,matin tashakori,"October 3, 2022","It's good app but there is a bug that bothers me. I can't watch live broadcast while autoplay for videos is off. But when I turn on the autoplay for videos, live broadcast works fine.",9 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2312,Nishala Kirabo,"November 28, 2022","I receive changes to my app later than anyone else. I constantly update my phone but I don't have the ability to downvote replies. Also, my app still has the old layout of icons yet the icons were changed. It is annoying and you guys need to do better",10 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2313,Dennis “DCH” Headrick,"December 15, 2022",I left Twitter back in 2016 just started using the app again a few weeks ago and it seems to be a lot better now. It may change again if so I can live without it if necessary.,1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2314,Tim Lozano (Omen),"February 13, 2023",I hate everything about the latest changes. If i didn't have a community here I'd move full time to Mastodon.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2315,Jack Gerđes,"November 12, 2022","Twitter app currently refuses to open links from reddit app to the linked twitter page or profile and instead will only open my homepage. Annoying AF. And half of the time it tries to open a browser instead of going straight to the app, even though I have it set to not do that.",29 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2316,Nicholas Gotch,"September 9, 2022","The app isn't working anymore. At all. It won't load any content, it just appears as a blank home screen for me, and nothing I've tried to do to fix it has worked at all. This is frustrating and embarrassing, please contact me so we can try and fix this.",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2317,EJ Rwivanga,"October 27, 2022",Very good platform with very professional people. Although one improvement needs to be done. Open it for the length of words that need to be posted and make it at what ever length one wants to write.,38 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2318,Larry Greenstein,"February 10, 2023",I had to uninstall and re-install. I hope that Twitter amends its policies to be more fair and impartial to EVERYONE instead of favoring one group over another.,0,3,twitter
2319,Bobby Mino,"January 21, 2023","New Layout is Awful. I just want to see things from people I follow in chronological order, not what your stupid algorithm thinks I want to see.",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2320,m r,"October 26, 2022","Unable to complete the reporting process when reporting accounts. It asks me to ""Add up to 4 more tweets to this report"" but instead of the account's tweets showing up, I get a message that says ""No items"". so the ""Next"" button is unclickable and I'm unable to complete a d submit my report. Please fix this ASAP.",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2321,Valeria Cuts,"February 3, 2023","in general is a nice and decent app, but if you ever report someone for being inappropriate with your, be sure that twitter staff will take forever to solve the problem or even look into it (2019) ever since Elun got on board and started doing ""changes"" it has gone down hill. you get shadow banned without warning and possibility of removing it ever. they dont let you promote other websites, which for artists is a big minus. and now they remove the DM from iphone and androids...why? (2023)",6 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2322,Felix Andrews,"January 22, 2023",Now defaulting me to a useless 'for you' that's not in chronological order and is full of stuff I don't care about. I'm not engaging with your algorithm; get this back from whence it came.,236 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2323,Mister Vash (The Stampede),"December 26, 2022","Turn off the captions. Or make it so we get a toggle to do that, they take up half the screen,don't work right and are annoying. Also, notifications don't work anymore and I don't see anyone fixing it Half star out of five is my rating",0,1,twitter
2324,Aderinoye Adekunle,"January 12, 2023","Wonderful app, but I would also appreciate if it has an option to download videos. That aside, it wonderful.",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2325,BAGGIDI NAVEENKUMAR,"January 1, 2023","Worst application in my phone. When I minimise, the app hangs and happens when lock and unlocked while using this app. It's not showing any trends. Useless.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2326,Ejiofor Odoh,"December 26, 2022","A place To Build More Knowledge,Experience And Also Listening To The Newstteler...I Also Good For Commenting,About What Some Feel About The News He Or She Meant Have Seen In There...Also Still Good Going through Comedy,Movie,Music,Like,Love To Say It All Bestly For Newstteler ...Humble,Honest,Loyal,Caring,Loving And Understanding Type To Be with..Love Rose",3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2327,David Dan-john,"February 20, 2023","Very useless app, you guys just keep disabling people's account and then not allowing them to create new ones😒",0,1,twitter
2328,MW Dapur,"October 13, 2022","Just update twitter and STILL the video is always LAGGING even I've turned on the Data Saver mode on Settings. It's definitely not because my network (my YouTube app streaming just fine at 720p while typing this). Please, fix this issue asap.",20 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2329,Peter Redemann,"December 17, 2022",I have had the app for the longest time but never used it. But now since Elon has taken over it has become way more interesting !!,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2330,The other birb,"December 21, 2022","After the latest update literally ALL my Twitter accounts were permanently suspended, no reason was given for this and all my accounts were used for different purposes, none of them were spammy or broke any rule, i hope this is just a bug because what the heck is wrong with Twitter. Update: tried to make a new account but the ""don't support operator"" keeps popping up. What a joke.",12 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2331,tearcutter,"December 24, 2022","why is there an app if it won't let me log in? i keep getting the ""something went wrong try again later"" error for over a month. garbage",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2332,Yatamanyu Narain,"September 26, 2022",The verification code expired bug hasm't been fixed despite being one of the leading social media platforms out there. I am locked out of account for the same reason. Uninstalling it and never coming back. Peace.,17 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2333,ash,"September 18, 2022","it's a good app i guess but it's ridiculous i can't have two accounts with the same phone number. they get locked if i try to only use my email so i'm literally forced to attach a phone number and i can't because i'm already using my phone number with abother account. almost everyone on twitter has two accounts, make it easier to run them.",14 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2334,Adam Seidl,"December 11, 2022",Much better since Elon bought it. I had completely lost interest in the platform prior to that.,3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2335,Alex Parsons,"September 8, 2022","The last update broke the app completely on Pixel 6 Pro. Feed won't load. Can't click on any tabs. Seems to be flickering a lot. I've uninstalled and reinstalled, rebooted phone, nothing helps. Also the Twitter Google Play contact email address bounces.",17 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2336,David Case,"September 6, 2022",This is the worst social media app. I am having issues with my account and customer service or help from Twitter is non-existent. I would like to deactivate my account -- but customer service will not even help with that. It's pathetic. If could give this app/service negative stars I would. If you haven't signed up -- don't. Definitely not worth the hassle.,11 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2337,Brady Clayton,"February 10, 2023",The application is rather very easy to make use of and it keeps you as much as date with the current social media sites news. I additionally like that it provides a range of different methods to get entailed.,0,5,twitter
2338,Amr Ahmed khalifa,"February 12, 2023",It's a nice Tool for keeping updated and around every thing happening in the world. Really amusing social media,0,4,twitter
2339,Sheikh Jee,"January 8, 2023","Very good, but Twitter still has the capacity to improve. The ""Spaces"" feature gives ""Regular People"" a chance to join meaningful conversations is very unique, but still need some development tasks because the feature is quite small. Beyond that, it is a great app for open minded individuals with real desire to learn or partner I am very grateful to the Twitter from Pakistan❤️❤️❤️",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2340,Jacquie Ott,"November 30, 2022","I like being able to engage with people with similar interests. I do wish it had an edit feature, but it's easier than Instagram for example. I'll stay with Twitter.👍👍",11 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2341,Sempiternity GMS,"January 13, 2023",I love Twitter. It allows you to connect with so many wonderful people around the world. Even the bots aren't all that bad. Used it for years and love it.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2342,Michael Loizou,"October 22, 2022",Issues with spaces. Spaces freeze or abruptly end. As a host can't leave a space and be able to return to it. It doesn't allow me to reconnect and as a result the space ends. Please fix.,38 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2343,Carrie Carnes,"September 11, 2022","I enjoy the conversation and back and forth with interesting people. But, the absence of an edit button and the way in which they flag ""questionable"" tweets needs a little more attention.",16 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2344,Michael de Jesus,"January 2, 2023",I would like to listen to podcasts and be able to trun off my screen with out it stopping. Also please let Bubba the Love Sponge back on Twitter.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2345,Karthikeyan K,"February 10, 2023","Can't go without it, it's indispensable to get the most up-to-date news from around the world on myriad of topics that interests me.",0,5,twitter
2346,M Harun Ur Rashid Khan,"December 20, 2022","Twitter is a fantastic social media platform I think it is much more better than any other social media apps. I have downloaded Twitter app from google play store & created an account by using yahoo ID & activated 2FA security But why google Interfering my Twitter sign in process I don't understand I'm unable to receive 2FA code from Twitter-Showing the message ""We cannot send a text message to this phone number because its operator is not supported"" can google HQ top Management answer me why???",8 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2347,Harish S.,"February 11, 2023",Twitter timeline auto refreshes in middle of reading something which is very irritating and annoying.,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2348,Mike Corliss,"December 12, 2022","It has improved tremendously since the acquisition. Less bots, no child endangerment. Glad twitter is being run by adults finally.",3 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2349,Chris Lowe,"January 16, 2023","Pls restore access to Twitter API. Third party apps are better than the native Twitter app, especially for chronological order feeds.",0,1,twitter
2350,Ahmad Abou zeid,"January 30, 2023",The App experience is getting worse. Loading of tweets and pics takes ages despite having excellent internet connection.,0,1,twitter
2351,Lukas B. Simaremare,"December 4, 2022","Please fix the bug where every time I watch a video on full screen, there's like blue line (scroll function) in the top right of the video, it's so annoying.",9 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2352,Talha Official,"January 31, 2023","Suddenly i lost Dm (Inbox) option even we both follow eachother ,,,, how we contact to eachother Please Solved this issue as soon as possible.!!! Team Twitter",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2353,Roy B,"December 18, 2022",Facing one of the worst experience Since 1 week I couldn't Update my phone number to my twitter account It's showing invalid phone number for India Some times it shows cannot register the number It's purely the problem with twitter Even though the phone number is valid,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2354,deanna espina,"October 3, 2022","There are many obssesed antis that shows absolute no morals to a person that has done nothing wrong and some of them has gone way too far. But, it is a great app to keep me updated from my favorite content creators and how they goof around in the platform.",12 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2355,Shruthi K 461,"October 3, 2022","Ever since the latest update, some of the features are not working properly....login option, account switching, Dm layout/interface; these functions are not visible on the screen on the app. Fix the apo",39 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2356,Greg Mimbs,"January 10, 2023","Twitter is a great source of quick information (must be fact checked), and a great way to see some of the wonderful work of others.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2357,JM JAHUR,"December 20, 2022",I have never seen such a bad platform like tweeter. They don't provide proper services. Unnecessarily locked or suspend . I have lost my step by step 3 accounts. I won't use tweeter again 😡😡😡😡,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2358,Francine Manansala,"January 2, 2023","The moments on profile is gone now... BRING IT BACK pls, it helps me see the works of someone's profile without having to scroll a lot😭.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2359,Sypei Terra,"December 25, 2022","Honestly rather bad Random services have completely stopped working in the last few months, the amount of racism skyrocketed and occasionally it simply doesn't function",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2360,Tochukwu Emmanuel,"January 9, 2023","I can't sign up for Twitter since u guys haven't sent me any confirmation code for the verification of my phone number. Pls and pls, I'd like this issue to be resolved. Thanks.",0,1,twitter
2361,Richard Mullins,"October 25, 2022",Not safe. I use a plus 20 digit password using upper and lower case with numbers and symbols that have no meaning and have no relation to anything else and that's with 2 step verification but I was still hacked and there was no 2 step alert on my email. I have kept the tweet that was posted by the hacker but there's no option to report it. When I changed my password and sign in it gave me a security question but didnt do that when the hacker signed in. Terrible. Lost my trust,22 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2362,Aula,"January 19, 2023",Still can't upload video and now I also can't edit a picture before it get posted. It's always forced close when I try to edit my pic.,1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2363,Shaik Hussain,"December 20, 2022",My experience is less in twitter. It's nice to view my favourites and celebrities and much more. All the best and thank you so much.,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2364,Mr Michael,"August 31, 2022","I can't get into my account because of the ""This email address is registered with another account"" error. Apparently this is a known issue for weeks now and Twitter still hasn't fix it. I've emailed them multiple times and only get an automated reply.",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2365,khalil khusairi,"October 8, 2022",The latest update makes my direct message notifications not popping up on the notifications bar or not showing the notification counter on Twitter. I need to check it out myself if there's any messages i have received. It's very annoying. Hope the Twitter team can fix it soon.,47 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2366,Sri Alexander Valarino,"December 26, 2022","Addicted?! Great way to implement routines, micro-blog and get inspiration throughout the day. Stay away from the 'toxicity'!",0,4,twitter
2367,Muzammil Baba,"December 23, 2022",Update can't run. So sad from team of Twitter. You should correct it within no time. Otherwise you'll loose the custmer base. Try to solve it as soon as possible. Thanks,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2368,chasen Lewis,"February 8, 2023",Absolutely garbage can't even follow and I just signed up for another app -_-. Customer service takes days to respond.,0,1,twitter
2369,Casimir III,"January 9, 2023","Amazing app, and it's actually a really good service now that the censorship has been drawn back tremendously.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2370,Baharudin Albar,"January 13, 2023","download this just to write a review because twitter api for 3rd party app client is down, why? don't say that you closed it? you should known that your timeline design was useless and bad, very bad.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2371,Dave Wire,"December 6, 2022","Great for everyone even the crazy old twits like me ! It's a wild world .. making it through with a decent sense of accountability needs a lot of help .. social media itself channels the best, the worst, and mostly the in-between. Thanks for the connectedness,!",34 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2372,Donal O Coisdealbha,"October 8, 2022",Currently I'm experiencing a problem with direct messages. I cannot read received messages because the text colour and the background colour are almost the same when my phone (XIAOMI Redmi Note 10 5G) is set to dark mode. Could you please look into this problem? It's probably affecting many users.Thank you.,15 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2373,KimNamnuts,"January 3, 2023",I can't even search for my friends because of the stupid verified forcing! I don't care about blue checks. I want my friends to appear first!,51 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2374,Neo ClydeTechnology,"December 18, 2022","Why is the interface different in every account I have, one has no twitter circle which the other 2 has, and the layout is different too. Why is that?",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2375,Jeremy,"October 28, 2022","Twitter images on my feed take a long time to load and now won't even load at all. I have cleared my cache, reinstalled the app, updated it, and restarted/updated my phone. It's been doing this for a week.",26 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2376,Ashutosh Kumar,"October 15, 2022","I don't know what is happening, but every time it creates problems when trying to login through new device. Even after entering every thing correct keep on showing incorrect user.",18 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2377,Munguryek Keith,"January 15, 2023",Can't see the new view counter feature and app crashes every time I open drafts.🙁,1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
2378,Xucern!!,"December 22, 2022","I can't login but I tried reset my password and search my email,it's said are invited! I can't login,please fixed it and I search Twitter support and it's supposed make a sense! Edit 22/12/2022: I can finally use my Twitter :)",12 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2379,Ludia JH Kim,"January 20, 2023","stop making changes I want to see every single tweet from accounts I follow! I don't want you to reorder or curate the tweets!! One of my accounts lost ""latest tweets"" behaving the way it should and it's very annoying",164 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2380,Kristine russell,"February 13, 2023","SMS verification are not working anymore, can't even open my account and keep locking it even though I'm not spamming nor a bot",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2381,Henry Samuel,"December 22, 2022","With every updates, it keeps getting worse. Why do I have to press play after clicking a video and why am I scrolling through videos like it's TikTok 💀",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2382,Jennifer Long,"February 12, 2023",Can't change to chronological order. Using third party app now instead. Ridiculous.,14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2383,Rajesh Kumar Mago,"November 2, 2022","Twitter app has helped me grow a lot in knowledge & confidence areas. It is very useful app for learning purpose provided it is used properly & for business too which I will definitely try. Being new, I face problem in using it specially when someone replies to me & me trying to find the history of the tweet having all replies so far to reply appropriately by retweet, keeping word limit short, to not cross it thus spending more time! Otherwise Twitter app is wonderful!",21 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2384,Maranda Duff,"November 11, 2022",It is definitely improving but the amount of hateful people keep it from being truly enjoyable. I like the changes and can't wait to see what else they have coming. I definitely spend more time on the app now then I used to.,29 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2385,Deja Vu,"February 10, 2023","Great App, other than the Algorithms is still bogging down free speech. Just saying...",0,3,twitter
2386,Adz Withheld,"January 24, 2023",What an awful app. Functionality is no where near the levels that 3rd party apps were working at and now they're cut off? What a waste.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2387,Marilena Dachin,"December 24, 2022","It's starting to be very difficult to post/comment bc it's keep stopping. ""The app it's not responding"".",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2388,Erica Geraldez,"January 1, 2023",App keeps crashing whenever I try to post a tweet. Haven't even written the actual post yet and the app just fails.,0,3,twitter
2389,Samuel Rojas,"February 7, 2023","Fix how the tweets are displayed. For example, I want to know the latest post of a company but today is Feb 6, and the top post is from Jan 1999. This doesn't make sense.",0,2,twitter
2390,Prithviraj Sarkar,"January 21, 2023",Twitter has changed a lot in the past few months! Loving all the new features! It feels so alive!,0,5,twitter
2391,Peter Brian,"January 18, 2023","I'm constantly logged out of my account and I have to make tens of attempts to log back in. Agitating , absolutely Agitating.",0,2,twitter
2392,Chitranjan Chaudhary,"December 12, 2022",Quite informative and precise. But possibility of misuse is always there.,3 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2393,k kit,"August 31, 2022","suddenly my profile pic, images and videos does not show/load seamlessly. even after the new update. ive tried clearing cache in app and phone, un/reinstall, even did a restart. and my connections' fine. it's been 3 days now.. please fix. thank you.",17 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2394,Asavela Skeyi,"December 28, 2022",The app is exceptional.. informative and up-to-date with the everything that is going on in the world.and I like the fact that it is owned by Elon musk 🎉🔥,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2395,Nwakuche Vincent,"January 20, 2023",The app is misbehaving and I don't know why. once I click on follow or notification it will start hanging.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2396,teufel diabolos,"October 28, 2022","i have a problem with Message notifications, Almost everytime some Messages doesn't give me notification and only sometimes, and the worst thing is It was ""read"" but i swear no one was hacking my account nor I opened any of the messages. because of this bug i have delayed someone else's work.",20 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2397,Athar Saleem,"January 20, 2023",Its a good app overall but don't know what happened with Twitter from last one week. My followers are decreaseing automatically every day..,0,5,twitter
2398,mmar.,"January 11, 2023","In addition to having many errors, what bothers me the most is the message limit. 500 messages per day? It seems they don't want us to use their app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2399,Peter Mazur,"December 21, 2022","Freezing timeline, responses don't show untili reload the thread, responses aren't in a chronological order anymore, I now get unwanted bot messages encouraging me to get more fake followers",5 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2400,Steve Sorenson,"January 25, 2023",Good to hear about what is going on! I like to add my opinion too! Pretty easy to use also. Hope sensorship of conservative values is over!,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2401,Armin Bronja,"August 28, 2022","Performance is much better. Timeline still keeps refreshing and rearranging by itself, hence the 3 stars. Edit: closes captions option is taking half of my screen up when looking at a video, and because they're non transparent and for some reason the font is huge I can't see anything that's happening. And it's not like I can turn them off. I can't believe this is happening, do you people have any QA testers??",6 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2402,Why Bother,"October 8, 2022","The app is still incredibly frustrating to use. Sometimes it just jumps randomly while scrolling. Sending someone a tweet via DM will cause the tweet to open in the browser instead of through the app, which was never an issue before. The forced, very large closed captions are gone, but now I don't even see it as an option anymore. I just know iphone users never have to worry about stuff like this...",12 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2403,bigratkiller1,"January 31, 2023",Much more useable in recent months. Seeing hardly any bots and much needed features are rolling out quite often,0,5,twitter
2404,Richelle M,"October 15, 2022","Glitchy notifications. For like the last month I get maybe 1 out of 10 notifications. When I tried contacting through both the app the ""contact us"" glitched out and the email here on Google play returned as un-sendable.",20 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2405,Adam Irham,"December 16, 2022",Terrible update. I can't like/retweet any tweet unless I expand it. Not a huge fan of spaces but that function is also unavailable 😕.,8 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2406,Faizan Ali,"October 1, 2022","Hello Twitter, Thia update was very amazing and impressive but there are some glitches and bugs I have faced. Glitches like 👉🏻notifications are not appearing at their time , some glitches in sending or receiving messages. I hope we will receive a good and helpful update next time ☺️. Thank you.",20 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2407,Shushant,"December 23, 2022",Unusable on Android atm. Cannot tweet or retweet with quotes w/o freezing everything. Updating didn't help as well.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2408,Elisha Stevens,"January 18, 2023",My recommendations are pretty spot on. I can follow great content creators and insightful thought leaders. I pretty much can get must everything I need from Twitter.,0,5,twitter
2409,Young Dayz,"January 3, 2023","It's significantly faster and it doesn't glitch like before, I thought it was my poor quality phone that's me asking my Twitter slow but it was not",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2410,Akshay,"September 24, 2022",While the feed refreshing is fine.. Image loading always seems to have some problem. Replying to all or one should be simplified. App keeps closing and going to another point in feed. Is it Android or the app ?,15 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2411,hunter king x25,"January 3, 2023",Lots of bugs and leggings needs to be fixed. With every new update the app is becoming more buggy and laggy..,0,1,twitter
2412,Emari Burgos,"February 16, 2023",I don't know what happened but all of a sudden I can't open the Direct Message tab. This started happening only a few days ago,0,1,twitter
2413,Erick Garcia,"January 22, 2023","Too many bugs. Get your act together on Android. Update--Stil sucks, sucks even more after Elon took over. Broken UX design principles.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2414,Alice Musonda,"February 18, 2023",This app has been completely wasted. I think its because of all these unnecessary changes that have been made especially for android,0,1,twitter
2415,teef shine,"January 2, 2023",The last update was the worst literally!! The app is lagging so much and becomes so slow! Hope you can fix this,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2416,TiraFisu,"November 26, 2022","I feel like ever since the recent changes made in the app such as being able to pay to get verified, have made this ever worse than it already was before. Its still usable but we'll see how long its able to last with the change of management before the servers shut down.",9 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2417,mahmoud seafan,"January 13, 2023","Contact crashing, i can't complete one minute using the app without being dragged out from the app.",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2418,Jack Barrett,"October 20, 2022","New video format is terrible, overlaying the tweet text over the video just blocks a large portion of videos where captions are likely to be. Tapping just pauses the video instead of removing the tweet text.",15 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2419,Nunya Bidnez,"February 20, 2023",It would be nice to be able to tweet without the app crashing every time. 👍,0,1,twitter
2420,Vivek Anand,"January 28, 2023",Love the New Twitter app. If only they have cloud sync for tweets timeline across devices it would be perfect.,2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2421,Jaymz,"February 13, 2023","Stop putting posts from suggested/""promoted"" accounts in the main Following timeline! I. DON'T. CARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 If I wanted to see suggested accounts, I'd go to the damn trending section myself!!!!",961 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2422,William W,"January 24, 2023","Twitter is a good social media. But the BOT got worse. The updates just suspends many acc also many got permanent. If u want immune, you need to paid for verification Blue check.",10 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2423,CN C,"January 8, 2023","disliking the new features, especially the views count as there's no way to turn it off as of now.",4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2424,Maryam Kholidi,"October 7, 2022","I am so disappointed and annoyed. I tried a lot to make an account on Twitter but everytime I write the number for a verification code, it would never come. I tried a lot with many different numbers but still it won't work, I never receive a verification code and Twitter won't let me in. This is so exhausting.",13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2425,tudor g,"February 8, 2023","free speech. until you get reported, then is the same as old twit. but it's getting better and no fake fact checks.",0,5,twitter
2426,Wes Lum,"January 18, 2023","When the app works, it does it well. But the platform itself is broken. It's difficult to follow a conversation, tons of bots, no support for stopping harassment and hate speech. There's also no way to really know a user is real anymore.",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2427,Rana Osama,"December 27, 2022","This new update is shite! Constantly crashing! Doesn't allow me to tweet/quote retweet. Please fix these bugs, this is not a third world app for god's sake...",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2428,Md Adnan Hossain,"February 20, 2023","Best social media I have ever used. So fun & litterally everyone is there. If any social media server crashes, all the people are here....",0,5,twitter
2429,Shiyu C,"January 11, 2023",Twitter has stopped listening to their actual user base. Bring back latest tweets and moments! Why is twitter crop back again? Very few of us asked for highlights or recommendations or twt blue. Please listen to your UX team.,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2430,Russell Cox (The Wycombe Wanderer),"December 26, 2022","Used to be good, but keeps freezing lately, very annoying and I'm gonna just change app if it's not fixed.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
2431,Bill Young,"January 22, 2023",Taking over a month to review a post??? That's some 🐂💩 there. I spoke my opinion which is considered truth in a lot of circles and you haven't looked at it. That's fine. It just calls out the lie that Twitter is about free speech now.,0,1,twitter
2432,Alexander Moore,"December 5, 2022","The latest update broke so many features. No more tap to seek on videos, no more swipe to exit videos, and Twitter links sent in DMs open in a web browser. Videos now swipe to other random videos. Stop trying to be like Tiktok. Stay in your lane!",27 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2433,ariq (Gurameome),"December 21, 2022","I try to login into my account, it was just fine few weeks ago, but then when i try to login now, it says my operator is not supported to send a code for the login",2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2434,Fernando Borges,"February 10, 2023","Twitter is now much better then it was before Elon but it still needs improvements which Elon is I'm sure aware of and will correct and implement, in time.",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2435,Somya Lalli,"January 5, 2023",It's not working....with wifi network...I even Uninstaled it and downloaded again it work for few mins and didn't work after...I hope they can solve this problem soon,2 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2436,kyle rodgers,"December 4, 2022","Twitter is A LOT better than it was. The algorithm to show me my personal interests and news strikes better than it used to. It's a bit easier to understand, and I've been hearing the plans for the future of the platform may be pretty amazing.",16 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2437,Krackx Paul,"January 28, 2023","Excellent app with authentic updates, contains ads but not as irritating as other apps. U should try it out...l",4 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2438,anarchist snufkin,"December 11, 2022","refreshes randomly, and in some cases images (including profile pictures) don't load.",4 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2439,Eric Ebube,"February 10, 2023",I've lost the ability to send a Direct message on my android device after the update.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2440,Rahul Patel,"December 29, 2022","So far so good, UI UX is great, search, feeds everything works well, only ad experience needs improvement",1 person found this review helpful,4,twitter
2441,Xin Yu,"September 16, 2022","not good in its usability and user privacy. It seems that I cannot change information in my profile such as setting the visibility of some personal information. There is no guidance on twitter, what they all say is that you can change without telling you how. Furthermore, their customer service team just like a fake account",14 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2442,Zeka Bone,"December 6, 2022","I mean it can still be used and used, there aren't any noticable glitches. The recommend feature is good and I have no problems with it. It can still be used for it's original purpose and works pretty good.",24 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2443,Gojiro Ruiz,"February 7, 2023","So I've Used This App For Half Year Now And It's Doing Great Until That Images Started Not Loading Even If I Had Great Internet Connection, It Could've Been Fix If Not For My App Restarting But Yeah It Became Horrible Unlike Last Time",0,2,twitter
2444,angelica camara,"February 16, 2023","not allowing me to create an account, always getting an error saying that something went wrong try again later",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2445,Sibasish Dey,"December 13, 2022",Huge winds of change for this app.. Increasing my stars after much improvement in app recently after Elon took over.. Will increase stars if it stays the same for next few months..,4 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2446,Lesego Moime,"February 6, 2023","I have been asking for help for more than 2 years now. I lost my number, I cannot authenticate with something I don't have. Please help me use my email to authenticate my twitter.",0,1,twitter
2447,Paul Gallimore,"December 24, 2022",Can't comment on anything without the app crashing. Been like it for weeks now. No wonder so many people are deleting it at the moment,2 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2448,Joseph Tarrant,"December 14, 2022","Since Elon, less bots, and I feel everyone's voice is heard both good and bad. I have seen less adds targeting politics, which is good 😊",2 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2449,A J,"February 16, 2023",picture and video takes SO LONG to load. annoying refresh at random times.,1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2450,Rodney Nuhfer,"January 10, 2023",I like hearing others opinions without some one else's editing or spinning it.Free press and speech is vital if we are to remain the land of the free.,2 people found this review helpful,5,twitter
2451,Fabio Borghesi,"February 7, 2023",It improved so much since Elon Musk took over ! Now I use it everyday. Before it was once a month.,0,5,twitter
2452,Ja Waring,"September 9, 2022",randomly decided to update the app since I have auto-update turned off and now it doesn't work at all. starting the app shows the menu bars but no content and it stays blank forever. impressively bad,10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2453,Har Sipalay,"September 2, 2022",Auto captions and translations on videos are distractiong and there is no option to remove them in setting. Instructions online seems different from what my app settings content. I dont have the auditory section where I am supposed to turn off auto caption.,21 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2454,Emr Emr,"September 3, 2022","When going back after opening a tweet, auto scrolls to top of the account page. Idiots. ""trends for you"" cannot be switched off. even though it's a switch. If you cannot have a fully working 2-bit trends settings page... Bs artists.",43 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2455,Danny Holyoake,"September 29, 2022","Can't open links in app. Every time I click a Twitter link, it goes to the browser despite settings being correct. ""Twitter is better in the app!"", I click ""Open in app"" and all it does is open Twitter, doesn't actually take me to the content I was looking at. Simply broken UX.",13 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2456,LD Grittman *Peanut's Fluffy*,"January 13, 2023","I joined Twitter about 2 yrs ago and I'm quite happy with it. You'll never know what one can find in the site. It's so incredibly different, outside the box and unique.",0,5,twitter
2457,Ahmed Moula,"January 30, 2023",nowadays i don t think it s about the interface or the design of the app but compared to other apps twitter always had the better community people will always speak about interesting topics,0,5,twitter
2458,Rick Burkhead,"December 29, 2022",Love the freedom of speech! No longer controlled by our government agencies that have gone against our constitution!,1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2459,Sa Ri,"December 12, 2022","To all people capable of making a social media app! Please build an app that we deserve! Something that is useful for us normal people, away from these apps with rich people's dreams of domination and doing whatever they want with peoples life without caring about them. None of ""these"" social media apps are user-friendly, they don't even have a real customer service! It's just us playing in their hand to make them money. Let's care about what and whom we are feeding with our time and energy<3",1 person found this review helpful,1,twitter
2460,Christopher Suarez,"February 8, 2023",Great app. Useful information. Nice interface and interaction with users,0,5,twitter
2461,Sean Kennedy,"December 16, 2022","Not optimal, changes without information leads to unexpected UI/UX experience.",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2462,Michael O'Neill,"November 28, 2022",App is fine. I used it a lot over the last few years. Over the last few months I've found the engagement to be increasingly negative or hostile. So I've uninstalled. No point using an app that seems designed to put you in a bad mood.,7 people found this review helpful,2,twitter
2463,kyls,"October 23, 2022","why do every pictures and videos takes so long to load? EVERY APP on my phone works fine and smoothly, but when it comes to your app, it's just terrible. even playing videos with the lowest quality barely plays. i already cleared data, cache and everything but it would still be the same",10 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2464,Bernice Gunn,"January 3, 2023","Crashes constantly. Used to work fine, now it crashes everytime I use it.",0,1,twitter
2465,Debra Hunt,"February 5, 2023","It takes awhile to figure out how to work it. I don't like the low character cap on tweets, replies but I understand why there's a cap.",0,4,twitter
2466,Xavier Wolfgang Jones,"January 24, 2023","internet, wi-fi,and website are working but not the app can't see my tweets after todays update can still get tweet notifications.",1 person found this review helpful,3,twitter
2467,Consumer In The USA,"November 24, 2022","I like Twitter and use it for a lot of communication like news, community, and a space where I can speak my thoughts to the public. I do think Twitter could improve by having some more emoticons in Twitter Spaces, allowing non-major news outlets from being the only top searches for Twitter spaces, improving connectivity in twitter spaces up to the level of what discord offers, allowing creation of or a section dedicated to use gifs with audio and also allow you to easily record an audio clip.",16 people found this review helpful,4,twitter
2468,Tina Hill,"January 17, 2023",Optimal to use Now !! Freedom of Speech for All!! Way better now that all equals can speak their mind without being silenced by the few that only have tunnel vision!,0,5,twitter
2469,Raiden the dank,"January 6, 2023","Twitter isn't working for me right now. It used to, and I really liked it! But it isn't loading anything. And I have my wifi on!",1 person found this review helpful,2,twitter
2470,Stephen LaBree,"February 15, 2023","Though a work in progress, there is no better app for financial news and news of any kind.",1 person found this review helpful,5,twitter
2471,Gabrielle Matte,"January 31, 2023","Newest update forced the For You tab as default. I don't want algorithm content or people's likes, I only want to see posts from the people I follow",0,1,twitter
2472,alyson williams,"January 31, 2023",Dreadful app and platform. I only stay for my friends. Functionally wise it's terrible. Sorry!,4 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2473,Adedoyin Emmanuel,"January 26, 2023","Hi Twitter, there's a bug when trying to send voice notes in dm's, it dosent work on samsung.",0,3,twitter
2474,Ste O'Neill,"January 24, 2023",New update is poor and annoying. There was nothing up with the one page news feed. Seeing same tweets numerous times a day,3 people found this review helpful,1,twitter
2475,Dutch Oldies,"January 30, 2023",It's very valuable because it provides you with honest/direct info and experience of people without interference of a third party/government. Info and vieuws that you can't find elsewhere.,0,4,twitter
2476,Waleed Saeid,"February 8, 2023","Recently on the mobile version, The like icon is not showing red after you click on it in the picture preview mode.",0,4,twitter
2477,legends only,"December 18, 2022","Wth Twitter! Why am I getting notification from random girls saying hiii , good morning, good night , and the comment section filled with some old dudes simping for her , i am sick tired of blocking them repeatedly but still next day again i get those msgs . Please don't assume everyone on twitter are simps and fix this issue , cuz i am tired of answering everyone who sees the notification that i dont know her and that she not my girlfriend.",2 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2478,Chris Thorn,"October 20, 2022",Having a little trouble with the app at this time. It is taken multiple fast taps to open up the reply box. My mistake just tap the text. I think I am losing it. Lol,52 people found this review helpful,3,twitter
2479,HORACE MARLEY,"January 18, 2023",I want to get rid of the ' you might like' tweets they're very disturbing and annoying. Please do something to fix this!,0,1,twitter
