Name,Date,Review,Found Helpful,Stars,App Name
Rajat Kashyap,"February 27, 2023",This is very friendly and very easy to use. But I would like to give a suggestion that I Think is important and will be helpful for the users around the globe. And The Suggestion is as: 1. Include the option that shows when people are inside the chat screen or they are out side the chat screen. The option for which i am talking about has already been included in Instagram Chat. I think it will really be helpful for the people in many ways as per there need. Thank You.,"7,232 people found this review helpful",5,whatsapp
Saim Sange,"February 7, 2023","Raju 11/26/22 I had a very good experience of using this application, and it's so useful for the person to have a conversation with the person who is far from us. just one suggestion you must add up the music in the story uploading so the people who wants to add music with photo or a video can be possible caasily. Must do this change and update it soon, people will so happy to use it. Thank you very much.","48,235 people found this review helpful",5,whatsapp
shalini mishra,"February 1, 2023","After the latest update, am having problem while viewing videos. The volume control does not stay fixed. It keeps coming to zero while viewing the videos. The same thing happens during video calls. Often the volume control panel remains on the left side of the screen. This is a terrible situation as I don't know how to remove the latest update. Please rectify the problem speedily through another update.","43,575 people found this review helpful",1,whatsapp
Venugopal,"February 5, 2023","There is been a bug in WhatsApp which is stillnot fixed. Every time when the video plays in the Status, it fails to load and loads status of the next person. When multiple videos are added continuously, then last portion of that video don't play. It needs to be reloaded to watch it. Please fix this as soon as possible. I am having this problem since a year now! And I have seen others having the same issue...","46,735 people found this review helpful",4,whatsapp
8A 51 Samriddha Som,"February 9, 2023","Without any doubt, it's one of the most helpful applications in present days. With every update there's a new thrilling experience! However, with the latest update, a new problem has arrived.. firstly the status ring around profile picture which has already been mentioned of... Also the fact that when messages are sent and deleted for us, the chat used to go down despite staying up with the recent chats, that feature is no more available... Kindly look after these issues....","7,079 people found this review helpful",4,whatsapp
Divy PC,"February 7, 2023","One of the biggest company and one of best chatting platform, i like how they have introduced some good features but also so many problems. If i send a photo or voice note or video, even if the size is in kb, it would take a long time to process. I have a good internet. People dp takes long time to load. Downloading something takes too late, photos quality are greatly reduced even i have enable the setting of best quality. Please fix this.","1,494 people found this review helpful",3,whatsapp
Ankush Gangurde,"February 1, 2023","After the recent update, a ring around the profile photo appears for the contacts who have posted a status update in the Chats page itself which is so annoying. I do not want to see the status photo when I click on the profile picture. If we want to check the status, we would rather go to the status page and view it directly. So please remove this feature. Thank you in anticipation.","36,221 people found this review helpful",3,whatsapp
Stage Hermit,"December 12, 2022","Had a great experience so far ... However, after the recent update, > Whattsapp calls are taking way too long to connect. ( Both incoming and outgoing ). Haven't checked on video calls though.. > Messaging is working pretty fine. > Also ..while trying to attach a image from within the chat window, ( especially which has been taken as a screenshot ) .. it isn't able to locate the image. Have to go to the gallery and use the Share option on the image. I am using a OnePlus 10 pro","92,294 people found this review helpful",3,whatsapp
William Wolf,"March 3, 2023","The computer version is terrible. It takes several minutes to launch and often freezes and crashes: many times each day. It takes more than 10 seconds for any conversation to load after you click on it. The changes made in late 2022 on replying, forwarding, etc are worse than what existed before. I hate it and only use it because sometimes I have to share documents on my laptop. The computer version was never good, but it's gotten worse.","3,356 people found this review helpful",2,whatsapp
T masters,"March 5, 2023","I have used this app for 5 years. Until just last week, connection was fine for phone calls. Now it won't stay connected for more than an hr. Sometimes only a few min. I also had to search for the latest update. Even with that, it still drops calls randomly. It is not a wifi or service provider issue. And now i find out that it may not support my galaxy A11 shortly... this phone is only two years old!!!!","1,180 people found this review helpful",3,whatsapp
Marcella Rossini Mcnll,"March 2, 2023","wrong with the app! Im.not staying there for longer periods of time. I actually like the app. I wish I could delete the annoying people that once we had been in contact. I deleted it on my contacts, but I still see them on the app I can overseas, and I can also leave voice messages. About the app being incrypted?I wouldn't be using it for face to face or anything else. As I don't trust any app.Period, case is closed.And documents are sent via email. I ❤ the app, and I recommend.😊🫠","3,169 people found this review helpful",5,whatsapp
Charlene Simon,"February 23, 2023","I love the app. It's mostly efficient and easy to use. I just have a problem with when you send multiple pictures and some reflect as unsent when they are or don't send at all until days later. My suggestion would be to have an option to disable automatic downloads for specific groups and not across all chats. Another suggestion would be to allow audio files to be sent on the status. That feature used to be there in 2016-2017, don't know why it was taken off. All in all, the app is great.","14,274 people found this review helpful",5,whatsapp
Dedication I.M.M,"March 5, 2023","Overall is all great because I can communicate with many people with less data but the fact that my images and videos are being compressed and that makes the quality to appear low bothers me, a lot mind you. Even when I choose best quality on the setting, it doesn't change anything really. It would be best to make an option for people who want to save data and the one for those who prefer better quality than loss of data.",315 people found this review helpful,4,whatsapp
Daliso Msoni,"February 28, 2023","The messaging function works well, status option also has no problems but the call and video call functions definitely need some work. However one is able to add another person to a call, during the call. Media such as photos, videos, audio messages, music and documents can easily be shared with another person, group or broadcast message members. The app also has an end to end encryption privacy policy","3,000 people found this review helpful",4,whatsapp
Mumtaz Wali,"February 17, 2023","I would not recommend WhatsApp to be used for businesses. However it is very helpful for individual usage. It delivers quick, timely, functional, and consistent communication between any two individuals over half decent Wi-Fi. It has its kinks to it, like kicking you off once you start running low on storage, or automatically downloading the photos of friends when you forgot to unselect that option. But over all it is a great program to use!","86,615 people found this review helpful",5,whatsapp
NSK kitchen,"March 5, 2023","This app is good for sending messages, everyone knows that it is easy to send, it joins quickly, that's why I like this app, can you give me another suggestion, that we need an option to edit it. that is, we typed a message by mistake and sent it. but we didn't like delete it, but there will be to edit the message. so we need edit mode an sent message.",72 people found this review helpful,4,whatsapp
Om Parkash Raikis,"March 4, 2023","App is all good..but the new update has a changing in places of options when you have to reply someone from the notification panel you find ""mute"" option in place of ""reply"" and the ""reply"" is on left side.. and we don't mute a chat repeatedly from notification panel So, I think this option is just a distraction in our app user interface. And also we have to use our left hand to touch the reply button otherwise app is good.. I always find great updates..",196 people found this review helpful,4,whatsapp
Raissa Perrin,"March 4, 2023","Perfect for those that are trying to find an application that can permit them to communicate with their loved ones conveniently as well as independently. The app is very reliable as well as simple to use, and it can be utilized on both mobile and also desktop systems. In general, this is an exceptional app that must be considered by any person seeking a dependable and also private messaging solution.",200 people found this review helpful,4,whatsapp
Venkat Ramakrishnan,"February 23, 2023","Overall a great app, but it'd be great if you could add a feature to schedule messages, so we can ping folks in other time zones when we want to, without inconveniencing them. Hope this will be added to your backlog or will be actioned shortly, if it's already in your roadmap. Thanks and look forward to seeing this feature in my account.","1,036 people found this review helpful",5,whatsapp
Jim Rigsby,"February 20, 2023","I don't use this app for anything fancy, just to text with a friend who occasionally goes overseas so we can use wi-fi and not entail international text charges. It may be specific to my device, but when I use the ""Export"" feature (choosing to save without media), half the time it opens Google Drive instead of the file manager I always select. Then I have to exit out of Drive and wade through the whole menu thing again.","5,468 people found this review helpful",4,whatsapp
Jigna Pandit-Gardiner,"March 4, 2023","Recent updates have been terrible no longer shows my gallery so I have to go into my photos select what to send then share into WhatsApp.. also, popup notifications are not working and sometimes I miss messages as I don't get notified that I have them! I have to go into the app every so often just to see them! When someone video calls that doesn't come up on my screen I have to unlock it physically go into the app and try and find the caller by the time that is done they have usually hung up!",92 people found this review helpful,3,whatsapp
Ngozi Okwuwuzo,"February 28, 2023","This new update is great but too many flaws, once my data or phone is turned off, during that period all status updates uploaded will not reflect on my phone even when it is switched on likewise the views on my status, it doesn't reflect. Usually, it only happens when you've not been online for weeks, now it takes just few hours of inactivity. I can't be turning on my data all 24hours, please fix it. Also this emoji ""🥺"", bring back the previous one. It is my favorite! 🥺 I need it cute.","4,133 people found this review helpful",3,whatsapp
Jerry Michael Agypong,"March 4, 2023","The app had been working wonderfully until recent update. My new messages are unable to load even when my data is on, until I open the whatsapp app. Besides, the app closes when opening some of the messages. I have to reopen the app when it happens like that. The feedback sometimes are, *the update contains a bug...* Such experience is disgusting. Please work on it",171 people found this review helpful,2,whatsapp
Thomas “PointedEars” Lahn,"February 17, 2023","Messages stop being sent when there are too many media files in the storage. Internal storage is easily filled, including duplicates when fwd’d, with viewed/sent stickers/media, which jeopardizes the function of the device; even with auto-download disabled, the downloaded media/stickers should be stored only *temporarily* unless marked as permanent. One cannot set a time for the automatic backup, and the app/device is blocked for other use then. Good that you finally added a changelog, though.",744 people found this review helpful,2,whatsapp
Young Love,"February 20, 2023","Unfortunately, good things don't last forever, especially apps. This used to be great. Now it's mediocre. I used to have to update my picture profile when I entered a new device or after a certain period of time. It was annoying but minor. Now it's hassling me about permission with confusing instructions. Yeah, they need competition to either make them keep up or drown them out so we can keep them or move on. For now, I guess I'll have a picture less profile.",791 people found this review helpful,2,whatsapp
Juan Manuel Diana,"February 4, 2023","The worst messaging app. Chat backup works terrible and it seems there's no intention to improve it. Incredible that in 2023 it doesn't have a function to send a message at a specific time or even to play a voice message with the screen turned off! When sending multiple photos, there are many photos it doesn't send (incredible that your app is not capable of sending a photo fine). Not even a thing is good in this app, even the chat support is a total joke. DISASTER.","69,665 people found this review helpful",1,whatsapp
Meli Thompson,"February 10, 2023","The app is getting worse with each update. I've been a WhatsApp user now for at least 7 yrs. The icons on the screen that allow you disconnect the call suddenly disappear. I'm forced to ask the person I'm on the line with to disconnect the call. Also, if im out and talking, the call constantly disconnects. This was never an issue before. I'm not sure if the servers have been changed or theres just more ppl using the app.","38,223 people found this review helpful",2,whatsapp
Kagan Cengiz,"March 3, 2023","abnormally anti-privacy app. even if you set no read receipt, sender can still verify by pressing on their messages on their end. there used to be an option to protect this by only one single tick but that is gone too. On top of all this, there is absolutely no call setting. anyone who has your number can call you anyone can text you as long as they have the number.",119 people found this review helpful,1,whatsapp
Oludumila Akinleye,"February 26, 2023","This is an amazing app, truth to be told. There is no protagonist that doesn't have a flaw, I think it would be advisable for the developer to make it easier for one to be able to save pics from status and also to be able to download videos from the status. It is a waste of data and time to start download WhatsApp status downloader. Also one should be able to chat directly from one's status if it been viewed. I.e. if someone view my status, I should be able to chat with the person from there.","2,649 people found this review helpful",3,whatsapp
S. L,"February 27, 2023","I used WA for a long time and I love it but not so anymore. Recently either after update or backup, I will have problems. Today after chat backup, I don't see the WA notification anymore. I went into the app icon and no numeric shows and I thought no messages until I went in, saw plenty of unread messages. Permission, notification, battery settings everything unchanged, uninstall & reinstall twice. No idea why.","1,753 people found this review helpful",3,whatsapp
Daniel C,"February 27, 2023","Normally a pretty good performance for an android app, only until recently there was near to zero glitches or dropouts. Not sure what has caused the noticeable increase in some minor buggy's -- bugs nonetheless which in the shear number of glootches, inconveniences and strips the experience of reconnecting with friends android keeping in touch with newer friends more of a chore more than time and energy connecting, laughing or supporting friends in need.",329 people found this review helpful,3,whatsapp
David O'Toole,"March 2, 2023","I cannot scan this qr code, to use web.WhatsApp. it's out for over a month at this stage. I can scan other QR Codes no problem. This WhatsApp QR setup is absolute rubbish. A complete nightmare. Even their 'support' are telling me it's outside their support. I've lost so much work over this it's unbelievable. There's no option to log in or out either. The whole thing is a nightmare.",165 people found this review helpful,1,whatsapp
Tara McMonagle,"February 26, 2023","I use this app all the time! It's so much better than normal Android messaging, especially when I want to talk to someone in another country. But there are some unnecessary features, like the Avatars, which are really ugly. And the Communities seem pretty useless too. They might be useful to some people, but I haven't found them to be useful to me. Anyway, this is overall a great app! There are just some unnecessary features, and the call quality is not perfect. But great app overall!",370 people found this review helpful,4,whatsapp
Ragnar,"February 24, 2023","It works but it's so basic and even downright primitive. Chats not stored on the cloud so in the event of changing phones I have to manually backup and restore my chat, not to mention the restore process often fails. The only great change after decades is that I no longer have to keep my phone on to use the web version. A company of your caliber can do so much more, but you won't. The only reason I'm still here is cause everyone else is still here.",313 people found this review helpful,3,whatsapp
Raj Ahmed,"February 21, 2023","Everything's perfect about the app..the new features that are being added with time makes it amazing to use..but l'd like to suggest one though. People mentioned on statues should get a notification just like in groups. Sometimes before you even get to know someone mentioned you then it's too late. I'm sure when this feature comes in, it'll make it increadible","1,595 people found this review helpful",5,whatsapp
Delia Popescu,"February 19, 2023","Overall it's all good, but the emoji changes from the last update are HORRIBLE❗️(especially 🥹🥺 which were so cute before), and the fact that you can't take screenshots anymore is annoying.❗️ I understand the privacy issue but it would be much better if it would be optional — for each photo the sender would choose if it allows the other(s) to do ss or not, or an overall option from the settings And they should work on the chat backup thing because one time it took me 2 days to complete it 🫠🫠",373 people found this review helpful,3,whatsapp
Arthur McCormack,"February 28, 2023","Seems every time this junk updates it changes settings, notifications, freezes, such a pain. I started using this app about 7 or 8 years ago, long before Meta bought it, and it was awesome, I'd sing it's praises to everyone and anyone, but now, it's become a shadow of what it was. Especially irritating is that notifications no longer work per chat, all it does is keep popping up a notification that I may have messages, it does it even for chats I've silenced, total garbage now",160 people found this review helpful,2,whatsapp
Ronaldo Gligan,"February 5, 2023","I've been experiencing strange behaviours with the app for a long time. All kinds of media I try to send seem to be uploading indefinitely, but they are already sent. Also, I can't download images sent to me, the button with the image size appears and when I click it, the dummy loading spinner starts but never ends. But they are downloaded, I can access them from the contact info. I've tried everything: from forcing the app to stop to reinstalling it. It makes the app unbearable. Please fix this","10,491 people found this review helpful",1,whatsapp
Galen Ronngren,"February 9, 2023","This app has done everything I have asked it to do, and has been excellent in many ways. The only complaint I have is that it is inconsistent regarding Do Not Disturb status and screen sleep. I have had it notify me when DND is on and also had it silent from the same user (I only use the app for one person). Other times the phone will go to sleep while on extreme battery saver (Android) but there are times when it will stay active for several minutes (10+) while on extreme battery saver.","15,252 people found this review helpful",4,whatsapp
Mr Tee,"February 22, 2023","Easy, accessible, it's simply one of the best messaging apps. However, there is a problem, and I'm not sure whether it's the app or just my phone. Every time I send a message, I get a little block of text at the bottom saying, ""sending reply,"" and it prevents me from using the space bar till it disappears.",259 people found this review helpful,4,whatsapp
